My school life is interesting.
I get up at 5 o'clock.
When I have brushed my tooth and washed my face at half past five.
I strat my school life at the first class strat.
Our teachers are interested and amusing so I don't feel bored everyday.
I am a Senior high school students, I am so busy everyday.
I have eight subjects.
Every subject is diffcult.
I finish school at half past five.
I have much homework to finish.
I usually do my homework when I finish the dinner.
Nowadays with the development of science and technology.
Cars become increasingly popular.
Besides we can go on business more fast.
They plays an important part in our daily life.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival for the Chinese people and is when all family members get together, just like Christmas in the West.
We are pleased to inform you that our S/LNo.J-29 cargo has been shiped on S.Pearl for transshipment at HongKong onto S.MayFlower .
But don't be worried, I only use it to look up something important and I will give it back to you soon just after class.
In order to increase students' knowledge about the traditional culture of Guangzhou, our shool held a Guangzhou Culture Festival  last Saturday.
In Picture show, we can saw Guangzhou changed.
I hope the next year my school can held out The world of knowledge show.
There is no denying that with the development of economy, all the countries in the world want to be more and more efficient.
So, a problem arises.
Pepole have to work hard during the day and they even don't have time to relax.
There is too much stress to bear.
Meanwhile, many people don't understand how to solve this problem and they suicide.
People take different views on this topic.
First of all, one person's power is weak.
You could feel better when you share your stress with your friends or parents.
They will help you to get out of trouble and find a suitable way which could help you forget your stress contemporarily.
Secondly, spectators often see more clear.
Finally, spending your time with them is a kind of relaxing.
It does us a lot of good that knowing what is your best way of reducing stress.
When the stress make you out of breath, the only way is to solve it rather than escape.
With the development of science and technology .
Computers have played an Increasing Important role in our daily life.
Computers make our life more convenient.
Now more and more people became weak and shortsighted.
It's because they surf the internet day and night but without rest .
In addition, The reason why student rely on too much computers is that they find many reference materials online.
All in all, we can't live without computer, but we should try to go out to do same exercise with our friends.
  Now keep the clutch down, put the car into first gear, put down the handbrake.
I could not wait to tell all of my friends.
Just like driving.
I have known that I could drive only if I have a try.
We are pleased to inform you that our goods of Sales Confirmation No.J-29 are shipped by S.Pearl, and we will be transported by S.May flower in Hong Kong.
This is a banana on the car.
This is a mango on the case.
This is an orange under the sofa.
This is my sister in the picture.
These are many books in my bookcase.
These are two beds in my room.
These are four cups on the table.
That is a pig.
That is a bike in my room.
Thoes are shirts on the table.
In modern society, social net work is popular with the young generations.
In fact , in the virtual net world, people are eager to put their thoughts, dynamic, interests in the Internet, not worrying about the influneces among the persons you are familier with, for who doesn't know each other.
Some people like to communicate with others, they have strong desire to share their own lives, including friends' , too.
They would like to get thier lives colorful and full of fun and challenge, and don't like to be addicted to in mutable and frozen lives.
Others are not, they have to work for themselves, having little time for strangers' contaction, it's spends too much time and disturb we study an rest, even not kown whether it is real.
My favourite food is mushrooms.
I like them because I think they are very delicious and nutritious.
There are many kinds of mushrooms in the world.
Some are like small houses with big round heads and thick bodies.
And some have the shapes of umbrellas.
Mushrooms usually grow among trees in forests.
My mother can cook mushrooms in many different ways.
Mushrooms are very good for people's health.
I like mushrooms very much.
Nowadays the city become more and more crowding.
This is not a populations matter any more, but more and more buildings have been built for entertaining and for others.
Such as a new airport required to build, so it must occupy a large piece of land.
With the development of economy, many cities have to develop their city.
Owing to the city requiements, the high buildings are built frequently.
For different purposes, the land become less and less for people to live.
Because of a series of problems, the overcrowding leads to the housing price continuously go up.
I think the government should take a valid measure to forbid the situation becoming more worse.
And as a servant of people should consider more for people.
We are now living in the age of information .
Various electronic products like e-books are filled with our daily lives and they play an important role in our lives gradually .
However , we should treat them in a wise way .
For one thing , they have their own advantages .
First , we can get the important information we need from e-books at anywhere and anytime .
Second , many contents can accept by many users at one time .
Third , they are very convenient for us to study and they have no damages to our eyes .
For another thing , they have many disadvantages .
They are sometimes very expensive and people can not afford them .
There are many games in them and many students spend much time playing games instead of studying, which makes parents worry about their children .
With the improving of education, the learning methods also become various, especially the group cooperative.
Some people think it is good for us to learning, but others take the opposite point of view.
As far as I'm concerned, group cooperative learning is good for us.
First, when the students encounter the problems they can discuss with their group numbers for the first time .
Second the competition between the groups makes the students have more motivation to study.
All above is my point of view.
Maybe you think it is wrong .
I am L who is the president of Students' Union.
We will organize the outsde activity for students.
We 'll get together at the school gate at 7:00.
Then we'll start at 8:00.
The activity will be end at 11:00.
We hope that the students can get close to nature and take exsercise outside, so we prepra the activity.
I am hear that my best friends liHua will visit my town .
My town located to the Greater river, so we can see some sight of the Grewt river and have a boat with him.
Because of peaceful sight let us relaxed and forget some unhappy things.
Than we will have a lunch in my home .
He can taste delicious local food.
After lunch we will climb mountains.
Last i will take him to visit the most famous place in my town--BaWang temple.
Where XiangYu died.
College is a time of growth and expansion.
It's our first step to enter the work world and in this period of time we should finish our transition to be an adult.
There are three aspects what need to be improved and perfected in our college years.
Firstly, in study, we should not only learn our professional courses well but read extensively and focus on current events.
Secondly, in social practice, taking apart in a number of social activities and interviews can enrich our experiences.
Thirdly, in way of dealing with people--parents, schools or leaders.
We'll get independence and mature in the process of handling things by ourselves and establishing our own circle.
The most important thing is how to perceive ourselves and position our roles.
There are many different club, such as sports club, English club, art club.
If you want to have a healthy body, you can join sports club.
You will learn how to correctly exercise and enjoy yourself there.
In my school, the most popular club is English club.
In my opinion, you should join the club which you interested in.
Some of us think that it is better to see the film that to read the original work.
The reason is that it watch a movie can save time.
If you read a book, you may need several days to read through it.
But if you watch a movie, you just need less than 2 hours to know what have happened.
And watch a movie can be more interesting.
We can enjoy the fun of wonderful scene and sound effect.
Beside, we can easy to understand the story of film.
I think watching a movie would be the fast way to know what have happened.
We are impressed deeply by seeing a film.
You may forget what have happened after a short time by reading.
However, you can remember deeply by reed the original work because scense and dialogue are so easier to keep in meed.
There will be a fashion show in the City Exhibition Center at tomorrow afternoon.
It must be excellent.
I wonder if you'd like to go with me.
Shall we meet at the gate of People's Cinema at 1 o'clock p.m. if it is convenient for you?
Many people are willing to live beside a river which is clean and clear.
But the river next to my house became very dirty and smell bad.
Every day there are a lot of rubbish floating on the river.
Everybody who walks alone the river must cover their mouth.
Several years ago, villagers can wash their clothes and rice by using the water in the river.
With the development of living standard and the changing of life style, more and more people pour their waste into the river.
Some of them were prefer convenient.
For preventing this situation growing on, the government has decided to improve the river.
They planted trees for avoiding the soil and water losing.
Besides, they threw out the rubbish from the river and set more dustbins.
From where I stand, I think the government also can call on people not to throw the rubbish into the river.
The community groups can supervise people and advise them to throw their rubbish into the garbage bin.
Actually, if every one of us knows it is wrong about throwing the rubbish into the river.
We all know reading books is benefit of improving our knowledge.
Because we can reading other people's experience to know what we should do in many ways.
It can make our success as soon as possible.
But not all experience that we should learn is good for us.
When I was a child my parents urged me to reading famous books.
Due to we can get a lot from these books.
On the contrary, we read some loving books that is very badly writing getting less from these.
Some books may have some violent potent in it.
We read this book that it is waste our life.
Reading selectively not only we improve our knowledge but also we can learn how to make our life more various.
At last I want say that it is time to reading .
Don't waste any time .
If you you don't know what books is good.
Then you can recognize what books you should to read.
I'm the president of Students' Union.
In order to get close to nature and let students develop a habit of taking exercise frenquantly, the Students' Union has decided to hold an outdoor activity.
Please come and join us.
Today the crime rate in some cities of our country is rising.
Almost in every country thefts, robberies or even murderers exist.
Obviously, we always face danger and things like that really do harm to our lives.
So there must be something to deal with it.
When we are faced with criminals, we should do some things effectively.
We shouldn't be too scared to meet such situation like rob.
We can turn to somebody for help.
On one hand, right agsinst can help us frightening robber so that the robber can not do his thing.
To reduce the crime rate, all the people should first recieve a law education because it is important for us when we are in danger.
As we know, a harmonious dormitory life is benifits all the members.
There are several ways to creat a harmonious dormitory life.
Firstly, keep cleaning the room and washing the clothes every day, get rid of those bad habits, Everybody should own a broad heart to tolerate other member's fault, even at the annoying situation .
Secondly, don't doubt anyone before make sure something.
In a word, a good dormitory relationship equals a good personal relationship.
Hi, my favourite place at school is the Art-room, because it is very big and bright.
Theve are also a lot of use ful painting, crayon and sketch.
There can be a painting with My classmates.
I love painting.
Because It can make me quiet.
One is positive aspect, the other is negative aspect.
On positive aspect, we can find many benefits, doing exercise can release pressure, and make us be confident in life, what's more, some sports educate us to aim high.
The spirit of cooperation is the most important appearance about positive aspect of sports.
But there is an exception that sports may also make you be injured, that why some people don't like doing any exercise.
i like music very much.
beacuse music is very and Music can bring me pleasure.
I like pop music.
Because it's fashionable .
I don't like folk music.
will not delay learning.
I will sing every day in my spare time.
With the development of society, on line shopping becomes more and more common.
Anything has two parts, so the different person has the different attitudes towards on line shopping.
Some people think it boring to make purchase of goods on the internet.
There is no sense in shopping if we can't try it on.
However others think on line shopping is a good way to fit our busy life.
In my opinion, on line shopping is cheap and useful.
Firstly, on line shopping is a good way to save money.
In point of cost, on line shopping never need to pay for rent of shops, so sellers sell productions at the lowest price.
We even can buy a pair of shoes in several different colours because of the low price.
Secondly, on line shopping save time for both sellers and buyers.
On the one hand, sellers can serve several different buyers at the same time, that means sellers can manage to sell different things and make more money at the same time.
On the other hand, we do not need to try it on, we can buy it at once by drawing lessons from previous buyers.
Besides, there is no need to build some stores which suggest that we can save a quantity of money and work.
What's more, we just do some shopping on the internet, that is to say, we can just buy it no matter where it is only if there is a computer.
That's quite fee.
In addition, on line shopping is a good way to buy anything we need.
We are always confused when we need to buy something necessary but not usual.
In a word, on line shopping makes our life easy.
Last but not least, for one thing, computers are also invented by a human, the educational aspects also need teachers to check and design, therefore, teachers will not confront an unemployment problem now.
This Winter holiday is the last one for us before we graduate from senior high.
What interested me most is that watching American TV show can learn English.
It ony only can widen ouir vision, but also can provide a channel to add to the ability of listening.
In addition, doing some English reading is also helpful to learn English.
It can give hands to English reading comprehension.
If it is convient to you, try our best to talk with foreigners as our friends.
It is not unusual to hear that high school students want to attend college as soon as possible while college students, in contrary, they wish go back high school .
Personally, it is very comfortable when I studying in college.
On the one hand, the campus just like a small world of freedom in which we students can do whatever we want that we can't in the high school.
My name is X and you can call me Sandy.
I am a very loving smile, easygoing, outgoing girl.
And I like to read a book, watch movies , easy to be moved and easy to cry.
I also like to listen to music, it makes me feel very relaxed.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our question was about study buy myself, watch TV or listening to music , talk by the Internet or play games, help parents to do the housework, do sports.
we are live happy life in this modern country .
and many people are more carry and carry with their health .
and they all know how to keep their healthy .
Frist we should try to eat with muth fat and carbohydrate foods less because they are bad for your health .
Of couse , you should eat more velegetebables and fruits the reason why they are good for your health .
secondly , we should also keep our body health .
So we should take some exsursice every day .
it is helpful to increase health for us .
Lastly , we should keep well banlece date of our life .
Hello Mr. Wang(I don't know your English name yet so I call you in this way.
I'm so glad to learn English with you.
And I'm expecting for more chance to practice my speaking English.
I'm from S and when I speak English it's always mixed with some S accent(I call it S-glish lol).
I hope I can improve it soon.
Hello everybody, It's my time for introducing the acitvities of our family on New Year's Day which is the most important day in the year in China.
First of all, everybody get together on that day.
so I usually go to my grandparent's home then we will have a family dinner which always makes me feel warm and happy.
Then, the women in our home will wash the dishes and clean up the table which we have eaten up the dishes and at the same time some children will watch TV or play games, the others will play cards together.
Third, when we feel excited we will go to sing Kara OK.
When we meet the friends which we have long time haven't seen we will give him a hug to express our miss.
I think it is meaningful to spend this day with the people who are really important for us.
According to the survey conducted by China Youth Daily, only 10 percent Chinese believe that houses have nothing to do with happiness.
A house is not merely the cold space built of bricks, cement and reinforcing bars, it is home.
Home is magic and wonderful, which is a word full of warmth, load with the power.
It can heal the wounds of your soul, give you enough courage to live and lend you confidence to resolve difficulties etc.
Owning a house is the premise of founding home.
To a great extent, that people buy a house is not only want to buy a two-bedroom unit or three-bedroom unit, but to get a kind of happiness.
If the house is rented, this happiness will be reduced terribly; what worse than this is that you may not feel it.
So, buying a house is to invest in your own happiness, especially for women.
Someone once said, For men, the place where his lover stays is the home, while for women, the place with a house is home.
  There are 67 percent female netizen who buy houses out of sense of belonging.
At the same time, nearly 60 percent consider the houses as better quality of life.
As a matter of fact, it is just the surface phenomenon that women want to have their own houses.
In the final analysis, women want to give themselves the spiritual independent space.
With different size, the happiness that houses bring to people is the same.
Maybe there are only a bed, a desk and a reading lamp in your little house, it is crowded but warm.
You can lie on the bed when you feel tired; you can hide in the corner when you are sad; you can sing loudly when you are happy; moreover, you can dream whatever you dream in the little house.
It doesn't matter that you live in a humble abode.
  Haste makes waste , which is the old saying.
If a man courts a woman, he should ry to win her love gradually.
In the future .
There is no trouble and sorrow.
We are glad to imform you that our sales confirmation No.J-29 , the goods have been shipped by S.
S.pearl  , May flower cargo ship in Hongkong.
This contract is at cost price puls freight turnover.
We have been send a fax for you on Mar.15.2013.
For example, traveling, shopping, having parties, joining the club is the happy thing many people like to relax and rest, but we can not do these things without money.
Besides, in this world maybe we can not live without money.
As far as I am concerned love in our life is where and there.
Our school although the traffic is not good, but in such a quiet place to study, our body and mind very comfortable.
We have a good school environment.
All of us go to school when we were young.
And we will have some tests to inspection results in our study.
can go to a good university.
The abilities can reflect in every aspect.
For example, fealty and honesty are the nice qualities.
We should be caused take seriously.
Every job needs the all-round development of talents.
In my opinion, product training is very important.
It can decide our life.
quality when childhood.
Only in this way we can be a person who is beneficial to the society.
The reasons why college students like self-help traveling can be listed as follows.
First of all, self-help traveling can give young people more freedom and spaces.
They can rang the travel route and go to the palces whatever they intend.
Moreover , self-help traveling is the chap-est way for traveling.
Compared with the travel tour, self-help traveller can determined the food they eat and the place they sleep in.
So it is the best choice for the college student who love traveling but with not much money.
It can help me learn about the different culture with the lowest expense and , at the same time, relieve my pressure.
Just as many people said that children are angels who are the precious crystallization of love.
Nowadays, many parents try their best to prepare everything well for their children in order to make the road in front of them more smooth and glorious.
The parents must haven't thought the life their children would lead after their mother and father's leaving.
Love shouldn't become the obstruction in the way of children's growing.
What Parents should do is to help children to be independent.
Telling children the key-point skills and let them have a dig at practising.
Sometimes, parents can leave children alone to teach them how to work out problems on their own.
Creating difficulties for them to settle is certainly a sensible choice which can provoke children to enrich their common sense and practical technologies.
Trust me, Love can be expressed in a more appropriate way.
The U.
However, the dismal U.
As is known to all, friends play an important role in everyone's life.
we all have friends.
They have various characteristics.
We often share happiness and sadness with our friends.
In this way, we get relaxed and feel not lonely.
They are not worth trusting.
So I have never made friends with this kind of people.
Intelligent friends often give us help.
We learn a lot from them.
But I want to say that we should not just ask for without any paying.
Nobody tending to make friends with a selfish man.
Humor friends make our life joyful.
I like to stay with them.
As my friends, to be sincere is the most important.
Besides, it will be ideal if they are intelligent and humor.
With the development of modem society, people's living standards improved.
Online shopping has many advantages.
It's very convenient for people to buy something what they need.
So they needn't go out to shop .
Every coin has two sides .
Online shopping also has many problems.
The quality of the Online shopping is not necessarily good .
We often do not have to guarantee when we shopping online.
And we are very easy to be cheated by merchants.
In my opinion, we should be reasonable and sensible.
Online shopping can be but not ever consumption.
Several days before the festival, relatives or friends have started to pay a visit mutually with some presents.
It seems to cause some small problems.
We will offer free service for your car within 2 years.
In other words, we will try our best to repair your car when it is break down.
I am a student from Henan province.
This may be a prelude to the arrivel of winter.
The days are shorter and the night are longer.
The leaves are turning yellow, and then slowly falling.
The weather here with the weather in my hometown are different.
In my hometown the wind often blows strongly and it often rains before winter comes.
But there is little wind and rain in Luoyang.
It is said that the temprature can reach ten degrees blew zero in Luoyang.
In my hometown the temperature rarely reached minus, so I could not adapted to the weather.
I must learn to adapt.
I think the discovery is very important in our life, we need it to find many things that we did not know it.
In the streets, in our house, even in elevators.
The idea is simple, tell someone something long enough and they will believe it.
Some advertisements are so elegantly presented that we are inspired or even moved.
Generally speaking advertisements become one of the most authoritative voices speaking to us today.
As far as I know, online reading is becoming a hot pursuit among people of all ages, ranging from students to adults.
Despide the convenience of online reading, I prefer the other more.
Group cooperative learning is used in many schools.
In my opinion it is a good way that every one can help each other.
Not only can wei lean more, but also can have a good communication.
But if you want to get all above you should try your best to keep the groups on.
Have a positive attitude and act.
Action speaks louder than words.
Every has a lot of dream.
Some people want to be a doctor.
Some people want to be a teacher.
I have a lot of dream, too.
In the primary school.
I want to be a pilot, but I am myopia.
So I can not be a pilot.
In the middle school.
I want to be a doctor, because they can help people mend his ways to save him.
I think they are greatness.
I am a ordinary people, I have a ordinary dream: doctor.
In order to save money, we collect all kinds of coupons.
For the time being, many shops, restaurants and some companies give out many coupons and other things which can save consumers' money.
First, they are all the companies which established for earning money, whatever they do, they are just for broadening their consumers and gaining more money.
Then, all the coupons are used for the consumers to spend more money.
Thirdly, we spend less money not because of we are smart but for may be the companies spend less on their cost.
More and more companies use bad things in their products nowadays.
In my opinion that the cost is always lower than the price tag.
Some of my classmates think it necessary to get online.
To their mind, the Internet can make it convient to study.
Through the Internet, they have access to braoden their minds.
Besides, they can wach movies.
read novels.cheat with others and so on.
In others' opinions, the Internet isn't good for students.
Beacuse of the attract of kinds of things in the Internet, we sometimes hardly restrain oyrselves.
They think students should pay more attention to study.
To my mind, getting online has both advantages and disanvantages.
I have a friend.
His name is Liu Qinglei and he is twelve years old.
He is from China.
He is a student and he is in Class 5 Grade 1.
He has a friend.
Her name is Betty.
Betty is English.
She is thirteen years old and she is in Class 2.
She is a beautiful girl.
His teacher is Mrs Green.
She is American.
Love is a beautiful feeling.
Perhaps each of us is bathed in love.
In my hometown, a boy is unfortunate adela.
Because of his congenital defect.
He is different to the childre that his is don't standing up and walking .
Just sit here and don't move.
Nonetheles his parents never gave up on his care and they taught the happy life.
He parents taught practical thing and encourage boy go to school .
In school teachers and students are taking care of him, whatever he to all help him, the students took turns to push the wheelchair to send him home.
Everyone accompanying his growing up.
Although he can't live the normal person that his is happy every day.
Love can make a man strong and happy life.
Lecture states a new discovery of T.
However, the professor suspects the findings.
the blood vessels.
In addition, they also left the organic material .
they don't find the any red blood cells in the spheres.
the bones.
may from the skin of the researchers.
before finding jobs when they step into society as an adult.
way, that directly useful for them to job decision.
medical in school, got an opptunitiy to work in a hospital.
working .
never worked.
company with my resume.
question is about the working experience.
parents' pocket.
parents.
My roommate in college have worked for many hours.
without his parents support reach the all school fee.
Students must go into rapture when they get the first paid.
graduated.
hundred dollars.
for the needy time.
Above 80.78% student chooses the last one.
of them used to take the part-time job.
life.
Certain reservation in giving their love to their children can make their children more independent and maturer and stronger.
It covers an area of more than 550,000 square kilometres.
It has a population of more than 63 million .
I think you guys can't be more familiar with this .
It is well known that France is famous for its high-end apparel cosmetics, and its luxury .
I can't say it's not turn, actually, nowadays whereof walk on the streets , except those white-collar who works in office, you rarely see people all dressed up like in fashion magazine .
People are just wearing very casual dress.
You all know that French cuisine is farmer, throughout the world and French people are very particles about eating .
But these days, the time we spent on diet is becoming shower and shower.
Many people who first arrived in France may feel confused by the colour of its sidewalk , as you can see in the picture some are dark and some are just lighter .
Actually, this is because of dogs.
We love them so much.
Let me die you some numbers.
The population in parts is about 2 million but the number of dog is more than half a million.
that means almost every family in my country has a dog .
Instead of famous brands, perfume, beauties, he will tell you it's dog.
Nor wander that people say that Paries is the heaven for dogs .
And for we love dogs so much that some taxis in Paries have special seat just for dogs .
The last thing I'm money to show you is perfume .
Of course when mention parts, you can not mention perfume .
But if you were a man it is not such a wise choice for you to chose a perfume as a present for you female friend in my country .
I had never thought about coming to the CUP before I received the letter of the admission which told me that I did really come here.
My first pre-conception of my study was dim, for the majority I chose didn't suit me well.
It requires rich imagination and sharp observation which I unfortunately have neither.
Since then, I have understood why people saying that the hardest part of ending is starting again.
College life is like a star-crossed love in everyone's life.
That is tough, I have to say.
That is my plan.
Nowadays, as society developing, various methods can be choosing by a large number of employment companies.
Therefore, under the employment situation, instead of strengthening learning skills simply, school educational system ought to particularly put quality-oriented education in the first position.
At the same time, school must take measures to deal with it in every aspect.
For instance, setting up a course of Ideology and Morality Cultivation and legal Rudiments can deepen their understanding of ideology culture.
According to the employment status recently, character education is of vital significance in the recruitment examinations.
Reflecting one's basic quality, character education has gradually become an ultimate standard to assess candidates.
He who is in a poor character can not live in society.
It's so excited to read such a speech with great passion .
After reading it , I realized we're now adults who should take primary responsibility for ourselves .
The college education is not only a way enabling us to acquire more knowledge and living skills , but also a transition in our lives.
For country.
for family.
It is truly difficult.
according to this, many people think it is not ok.
In this society there are many people like to buyings online .
I also like to go shopping on the intetnet.
she makes it very conwenient for us to buy what we want, And online shopping is very cheaper that buying thing in real life.
But when I am wery quick and easy to buy something cheap, somrtimes it will be disappointed.
With the growing awareness of conducting financial transactions, more and more people, especially students, are careful with money in daily life.
They collect all kinds of coupons, look for group-buy deals for eating out and travelling, and buy clothes only on sale.
Recently, however, there has been a heated debate on this seemingly smart way of consuming.
Firstly, we easily tend to overbuy and consume blindly.
We may consider that coupons and group-buy deals are favorable to help us save more money.
As a result, we can't help purchasing a number of commodities which we don't really need.
This will lead to a large waste of money and resources.
Furthermore, in the long term, if we always consume in this way, we might form a habit of irrational consumption, and it might influence our way of thinking.
For example, from intelligent and logical thinking to emotional thinking.
We will constantly buy things just because of the discount price rather than measure their value or speculate whether they are really indispensable.
All in all, we should maintain a rational and logical mind when spending our money, and it doesn't merely mean buying cheap or discount merchandise.
Let us deliberate what we authentically require.
As we know, all study and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All in all, please give me a chance to display myself.
In high school, we spend a lot of time and energy studying.
Also we went through more stress from our parents and teachers.
In our inner ear, the college ex trance examination was our dream, whereas the college study can be extremely relax.
We have many alternatives to study by ourselves .
There are many activities in universities which you can communicate with others.
When I became a freshman, I detected that there is always someone who is superior to you.
In those days, I didn't intend to study.
I supposed my classmates were more talent than me.
Luckly, my classmates were kind to me.
As far as I'm concerned, you should make a clear plan and take part in more activities.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
As far as the ordinary vacation, I spent the time at home during the summer vacation.
But it was different that I assited my mother do housework.
Authough I had done some housework former, it was the first time I become a full-time housewife  .
To most of my classmates, it was so boring.
On the contrary, I felt extremely substantial.
My parents had not have regular job, so we had not have enough money.
It was hard to them to sent my brother and I to go to school.
When I grown up and went to university, I can considerate my parents' situation.
My father is a driver.
He gets up early and comes back late.
When he comes home, he feels tired.
So he likes drinking a little bit wine to ease.
My mother goes to the cleaning company as a cleaner.
She must clean the all the floor.
So everyday I cook launch and dinner for them.
I am very glad that they enjoy the meal.
But my mother always gives me some advice to my cook, sometimes I am not so happy.
To be honest, her advice is good.
As far as I considered, with time passing by and we grow up, we have to take up the responsibility which we can or we should take.
And we not only know how to study, but also should know what we can aid our parents do.
Someone does not go through until the exam coming.
To get through the exam, they have to take some actions, such as cheating.
Though a good score may lead to a good title, when we were young children, our teachers and parents told us to be honest people.
There are some tips to solve this problem.
In my opinion, on the one hand, the college should make rules to punish.
In this way, can reduce this phenomenon.
On the other way, the students should change their minds and resist cheating.
Thanks for your time first, let me introduce myself to you .my name is M .
And i am a 17 years old student in X middle school.
i am a outgoing student and responsible student who likes children.
In school , my favorite subject is English.
what is more, I lived in the United kingdom.
That something about me.
At first, my father is an amateur photographer who regards photography as his only interest.
In one word, a good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
All I have to do is studying hard.
I have tons of things that I want to pursue.
However, I do not think it is a bad or shameful thing that we live with some goals as well as desires.
Everyone has and should have some hopes or wishes, in my eyes, Diogenes is no exception.
At least you cannot deny that he wanted others to accept and recognize his doctrine.
To be honest, I do not intend to be that kind of real person, because without any desires, I do not believe there have any attractions in the world.
Yet, I hold that we should learn how to be easier to feel content so that wo do not have to live so tired and weary.
He wanted to take the clean metal of human life, to erase the old false conventional markings, and to imprint it with its true values.
To some degree, he succeeded while to some extent, he failed and can never succeed.
Diogenes's idea and doctrine do affect some people like Alexander and he many people's admiration and worship.
His doctrine survived even thousands years have past away.
However, as we all know, his idea cannot be accepted by everyone.
I can understand Diogenes who is doubtless a great man of history.
He was such a brave man who had true, lasting good.
But I cannot be him, and I do not want to be a citizen of the world  .
What we can learn from him is that how to cope with our emotions and to live a happier life.
Nowadays more and more people use the internet and more and more jobs need the internet.
It's makes our communicate more easily, we can talk online with our friends even hang in the homework in my room.
It also makes our space time more happily.
On other hand, it also has the disadvantages.
first, there are many trickster there, they use the internet to cheat the children.
second, let's of student are carzy with the games so they even do not do their homework.
Above all, I think wo need use the internent in a proper way.
Let the internet help us in our life and don't addicted yo it.
Increased with friends.
I like them.
A bear, It is one of my favorites.
On my seven's birthday party my father brought a birthday present for me.
Although it is not very colorful, I love it very much than others.
The bear has two big eyes, white ears a red mouth and a small nose.
It in a brown coat.
I love it because I love my father.
It can represent my love for my father.
In Christmas Day, kids will stay with family.
They will change gifts and write new year wishes.
Also, they will make a family meal.
They will make gingerbread house, candy, ham for Christmas Day.
They will make a Christmas tree and put wish for the New Year cards on the tree.
After supper, they will change gifts and read thier own wish for the New Year to each other.
And they will say Merry Christmas loudly.
It surveyed that more than 7000,0000 of chinese people owned private cars.
In big cities, for instance, Beijing and Shanghai, always have the traffic jam in the peak-our, which causes most people are late for work.
What's more, the air is polluted seriously.
The government take some measures in order to solve the problems, which include taxation.
On the one hand, some people would take bus rather private car to avoid paying for taxation.
And people will feel it is incumbent on them to protect the environment, which have great effect on decreasing the air pollution and the traffic jam.
Although some private car owners pay for the taxation reluctantly, it is a good way to control the increase of the private cars.
There is a saying goes: without discipline, there is no method.
I live in China.
To the northwest of my hometown.
There is a beautiful and developed country---Switzerland.
It is situated in the middle part of the Europe.
It is a big country with a population of 7500000 people and a area of 41000 square kilometers.
I have ever visited its capital Beme and famous city Geneva.
Both of their scenery are very beautiful.
I think that this country is more attractive than its neighbor countrys---Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
It is said that people all over the world call Switzerland  the garden of the world  .
But I don't think so.
I think it is the heaven of the world.
Before I left Switzerland.
I bought many watches and food there as gifts to my friends.
Because the watch and food industry of Switzerland is as famous as its chemical industry.
Through my description, do you want to visit this country.
This is a bar chart regarding different modes of transport used to travel to and from work in one European city in 1950.1970 and 1990.
From the bar chart, we can see clearly that more and more people chose car as a mode of transport they liked.
While the utilization of bike and foot began to slow down year by year.
The statistics lead us to an interesting conclusion that most wen to work and travel by foot.
On the contrary, hardly people used car to work and travel in 1950.
After 40 years later, great changes have taken place .
as we can see from the bar chart, the utilization of car speed up , foot and bike has  replaced by car .
From 1970, car has become the most popular mode of transport among all.
In my opinion, the main reason of such phenomenon is the fast-developed economics.
More and more people can afford a car.
It takes less time for them to drive to work.
However, harm comes with convenience, a large number of people can't have a balanced diet on account of bad lifestyle caused by car.
The bad lifestyle brings illness to them like overweight.cancer and so on .
Besides, car will result in air pollution .
It's harmful for both city and citizens .
According to much information of cities pollution from news, we must realize that many cities are facing problems about air pollution, and nowadays governments have to work out many ideas to deal with them.
As we all know, trees can absorb Carbon Dioxide and some other pollutants and release oxygen.
By the way, overmuch Carbon Dioxide, which is produced by automotive vehicles, is the biggest problem of pollution.
As for automotive vehicles, such as cars, buses, lorries and so on, we need them in many ways in our daily life.
As for me, is there a phone it doesn't matter, because the mobile phone has disadvantages.
Just on the phone can check things, however, people will therefore destruction game, cell phone become a tool of playing the game, so that the performance decline.
As for me, occasionally have to do is to playing for a while sleeping, distribute work.
After all, cell phone radiation is big, to play for a long time is bad for your eyes.
So, we should appropriate playing mobile phone.
Nowdays, it's a common phenomenon that students are aguring about academic performance and communication ability.
Some students are favour of the academic performance.
They think that though we are university students, our academic performance is still important.
Reasons are as follows.
To begin with, if we want to have a good job after graduation, it is academic performance that really matters.
Meanwhile, good academic performance can affect the thoughts of other people.
However, other students hold different opinions.
They think that communication ability is more important.
Here are reasons.
Firstly, it is necessary for us to have outstanding communication ability, because we need to survive in the society.
If not , we can't achieve our dreams.
Secondly, if we have good communication ability, we can talk with others more easily.
As far as I am concerned , not only is academic performance important, but also communication ability is useful.
For one thing , it is important that we realize the importance of academic performance.
For another thing, with wonderful communication ability, we can know the society more clearly.
Everyone should more or less take some responsibilities for themselves or for society.
Famous people should be responsible for themselves.
Many people consider some famous people as their idols and imitate what they do.
If the famous people behave well, the people who take them as idols, or their fans, will do what they do and also behave well.
For example, one Chinese famous actor named Chenglong donated a large amount of money during the Wenchuan earthquake to the disaster area.
Just after that, the amount of donating money increased dramatically in a short time.
The research indicated that many of Chenglong's fans made great contributions.
On the other hand, if famous people behave badly, it can bring much negative effect on the ordinary people.
For instance, some film stars often speak ill of others while they may have a good performance or sing well.
In a sense, they should take the responsibility for some teenagers speaking ill of others.
Famous people should show the responsibilities for society.
Famous people often appear on TV and his words and behavivors can produce large effect on the whole society.
When famous people make a decision, they should take the influence of their decision into account.
They should lead people to a modern and civilized society.
Overrall, famous people play a significant role in the society.
As college students, are all keeping mental health.
Because, maintain mental health, can let our rapid growth in terms of interpersonal communication, In our favor and harmless.
Such as, when we meet with difficulties and setbacks will need stable state of mind, have good psychological quality and smooth state of mind, learn to adjust itself.
So, how do we do to have a good heart.
First, we should start from their own, have good ideological and moral, noble moral character.
Second, strengthen physical exercise, because sports is a kind of spiritual and moral character, can exercise our strong in the heart of the world, to sports to infect our weak heart.
Third, we must learn to communicate with people, only not to contact, can further reflect our heart is strong enough.
Fourth, to have confidence in myself.
So, have a good state of mind, is good for everything we do.
Late last month, President Obama and the British prime minister David Cameron announced that the United States and Britain will work together to create a fully operational global space weather warning system.
Forecaster: I forecast space weather.
I create the English study plan.
In the modern world, an increasing of number of people yearn for keeping fit, because a perfect physical quality enables us to enjoy our life.
In the light of the statement of specialists, paying attention to balanced diet is the most straight way to keep good figure and there is no doubt that eating less food for losing weight is the worst form, because it would break the normal working of body.
In the field of mental health, the enough time of rest is significant because the pressure of working or studying can reduce our health.
From the above table, it can be seen that there are a lot of differences about income between American and Chinese students form the table.
Fifty percent of the American students income comes from their parents, thirty-five percent comes from the scholarships and the rest comes from part-time jobs.
Three reasons are responsible for the phenomenon shown in the table.
First of all, American students are more independent than Chinese students, American students are more likely to live on their own.
Secondly, Country's customs play an important role in that.
Chinese parents are more doting on their children.
From what we have seen above, we can safely draw the conclusion that with the development of our country, Chinese students will become independent and their will seek part-time jobs to learn more experience to prepare for their future job.
On the other hand, studying abroad can spread chinese culture.
Not only make more and more plople knowledge chinese culture, but also come backadvanced techinques and ideas.
Last but not least, they can keep in touch with other animals.
You will feel the impact of culture chock.
During the Spring Festival, People usually have a long holiday.
It about seven days.
The whole families will have a big family get-together to eat dumplings on the eve of the Spring Festival for get good luck in the new year.
There are 3 layers of this shelf.
At last, along the hall to the right is the closet and bedroom.
Switerland is situated in the centre of Europe, with a population of 7.5 million and covers an area of 41,000 square kilometres.
Its capital is Berne and Geneva is a well-known city of it worldwide.
A mountain range called the Alps attracts millions of visitors to Switerland from all over the world.
What's more, Switerland is also a industrial country.
As my high school years were drawing to a close, I turned over and over again in my mind the question of whether I should go to college.
Nowdays attending college means a lot to us.
But i did not know whether i would like to attend college or i just do as others do.
For one reason, as college life is the most important growth and mature decisive stage.
We can not only learn something beneficial but also we can take part in all kinds of activities held by various unions.
For another reason, college life benefit a lot to us, it is important to our all life and provide for all round development.
The significant of university is not only to get a degree, more often, university can improve our personality.
Besides, it is a necessary step to a good career.
If only get the degree, can we find a good jib.
Nowadays more and more foreign culture come to existence in China, therefore , some people begin to worry about our own Chinese traditional culture.
However the anxiety of being invaded in culture mustn't mislead us to prevent other culture's circulation in China.
As far as I'm concerned, in us Chinese's mind Chinese culture is always the most irreplaceable, so the essential problem is how we promote it, pushing it into a fashionable way .
In some area, we really make it.
In modern times, we must do some changes not only to keep pace with the current of the word's development but also to preserve our own culture.
This will cause the judgement has the risk, resulting in unnecessary losses.
In China have a saying'Never too old to learn'.
In this question, I think different people may have different idea.
My dream university , I think, is the university I am now studying in.
My dream Is not so great , but I think it is practical.
I am in the university I have ever dreamt.
Southeast University is located in Nanjing.
Its scenery is very beautiful.
Not only its nature beauty but also the people in this university.
I have found that in this University, the majority of activities is hold by classman.
Everyone is kill for many many things.
Study, we all know, is important.
The others, such as your ability of communication , your computer technology and so on.
In this university, the ratio of male and female is 3:1.
This university is major in building.
I am just in this major.
Before I entered university, everyone said that life in university is very relaxed, you have a lot of time to spent by yourself.
But I found since I entered university, I am engaged everyday.
I feel a little tired.
I don't complain about itfor I think this is the real life I want to live.
I think university is just like the battle of the dooms of East Han dynasty.
If you want to succeed, you must be strong enough.
Now Southeast University is aim to be one of the best university in the world.
I believe that one day this university will make it.
I really wish that society is just like university, then we won't bear a lot.
Nowadays, our social developed rapidity, people communicated with others who come from every eare in the world is becoming more and more frequently.
become convenient and shortcut, no matter where they come from, we can contract with them.
In recently years, blog has become very popular.
Firstly, the universal Internet contributes to the popularity of blog.
It is extremely convenient for people to record their thoughts on the Internet anytime and anywhere.
Secondly, unlike the usual websites, the voice of Internet users can be easily paid attention to.
But on blog, people would draw attention to others' opinion and declare their ideas.
Thirdly, blog can protect people's privacy.
As long as they don't disclose their true information, they cannot be known by others about their secrets.
Fourthly, some people use blog following others, like their favorite stars.
However, blog has some problems.
For one thing, the original logs are inadequate and the quality of logs must be improved.
I believe that all of us want to read something wonderful in blog.
For another, many blog contents are in a mess, and some even include unhealthy things.
Although blog is a way for people to affirm their ideas with freedom, it may destroy the Internet environment that some people use a large amount of extreme remarks.
And ie would mislead others' conception and performance.
You will find many mistakes.
Only more practice to improve the ability of your own.
If one day, your English is very good.
Correct your English pronunciation, speak fluent English, improve your communication with others level.
In university, students have more and more pocket money to cost, but they are careful with their money in daily life.
So one of the universal issues that growing concern is that whether people should shop for sale.
On the one hand, many of shopping-center raised the price of goods and then says goods for sales.
But if you know the thing's price before, you can find it is more expensive than before.
In addition, cheap merchandise maybe no good for consumers, they don't have good quality.
On the other hand, students frequently buy something they don't need.
In brief, buying things on sale is not a smart way, truly smart consumer will think about more quality than price when they tend to buy goods.
Everbody are also have a person who they love most, so am I.
Though she ia a bad temper, I still love her .
People always hold different views about the extensive use of e-books.
Many people do not doubt that the e-book is superior to the traditional book, while others believe that the e-book can not take place of the traditional one.
As far as I am concerned, the e-book is a wise option.
Firstly, it is very handy and easy to carry with.
You can put it in your bag and open it whenever you want to start reading.
Secondly, e-books usually have a large storage and several functions.
You can just download the books you are interested in from the Internet and then pour them into the e-book.
There are a variety of choices, such as novels, poems, science fictions and comics.
And the e-book can also be used as a dictionary or a mp3 player.
Last but not least, e-books are considered to be environmental friendly.
They won't contaminate the surroundings and they don't consume much resource of the nature.
Nowadays, E-book is enjoying popularity.
First, e-books are more environmentally-friendly.
Suppose we use e-books as textbooks, we don't need to check out the curriculum schedule every day to decide which books shall we put into school bags, not to mention that we'll never worry about carrying heavy traditional books.
the Duanwu festival, also called the dragon boat festival, The festival is believed to have originated in ancient China .
Today, several explanations exist many origins, however, the most popular one relates to the suicide of Qu Yuan , QuYuan was a loyal and highly esteemed minister, who brought peace and prosperity to the state but ended up drowning himself in a river as a result of being vilified, where the local residents paddled boats out to retrieve his body and scare the fish away,	at mean time the residents are hoping that fishes ate the dumplings instead of Quyuan'body .
Until today, as a celebration of the festival, the dragon boat racing is still practiced, especially in the southern provinces where there are many rivers and lakes, besides, for thousands of years , the festival is also marked by eating Zongzi a dumpling made of glutinous rice and wrapped in reed leaves to add a special flavor, other customs are also observed, including putting healthy herbs in the front door and drinking realgar wine.
Although the essence of the festival might differ from the past, it still offers the observer a chance to have a glimpse of the rich Chinese cultural heritage.
People who suffer from AIDS feel lonely.
Actually this is a kind of misunderstanding.
People are safe to talk to share hands with AIDS, sit side by side, share a book, eat something on the same table, hug with AIDS.
People with AIDS need more care and support to help them overcome the difficulties.
Therefore, we should try to know with AIDS and help them to communicate with people.
Today, with the development of the economy, our environment is becoming worse and worse.
First, we can go to school by bike or on foot instead of by car.
Through the way, not only can we take exercise, but reduce the pollution to the air.
Second, we should use the cloth bags instead of plastic bags when we go to shopping, it can reduce the pollution.
Third, we can plant more trees when we free to make the air more fresher.
Lead a low-carbon life, not only an attitude, but also a duty.
Low-carbon life make our healthy, make our environment much cleaner.
Next , As we know, it's inportant for us to have healthy eating habits.
We should do enough exercise.
And we should have enough vegetablesto keep healthy.
There is no denying that waste and extravagance have become more and more serious in many university campuses nowadays.
Paper, bottles, and cans can be seen everywhere in the campus.
Many students waste food just because they want to keep fit.
The water is left running simply owing to their irresponsibility.
To create an environmental-friendly campus, we, as college students have lot's of things to do.
On one hand, we should make full use of natural resources, for example, we should take second-hand text-books and paper into account.
Some of them can be scratch paper, so that we can reduce much rubbish.
Water and electricity is also vital, so we ought to use them when we actually need them.
On the other hand, we should not only get into the habit of being thrift, but also enhance the awareness of college students that creating a green campus is significant to our life.
Accrodingly, it is necessary for us to take effective steps.
One thing is for sure: Our campus is our home.
People kill the elephant in order to get its ivory; People kill the tiger in order to get its fur; People kill the bear in order to get its paw-These mean that the wild animals will become less and less, and a problem come up, that is  if no business is no killing  .
No business, no killing.
Animals are a part of the natural world as well as human.
We ought to keep the balance of the natural world and not to kill them for money.
Fishes will die without water, plants will die without sunshine, we will die without air.
Suburban life is becoming a fashion in many cities due to the serious pollution of the cities.
The advantage of living in the suburban is obvious: living in the suburban is suitable for fear of noisy people.
And if you living in the suburban, you will get more than you give, also you can make a lot of friendly friends there.
There is no doubt that, choose the suburban life is wise, because of there you can see the blue sky, green trees, colorful flowers, clean rivers, free flying birds and so on.
This morning Mr White received a bluebird Company (Blue Bird Company fax, he thinks the fax is important, so wrote a message to secretary Sarah (Sara).
I'm LiHua from Chenguang High School's Students Union.
In order to have our English listening and speaking sklls improved as well as foster a habit of reading , we get together and join in the meaningful competition with a passion to tap our potential and show ourselves to whoever loves English.
However, there are several points should be paid attention to.
For example, all speeches should be limited to 5 minutes.
Fluency in English and correctly pronunciation is needed, too.
First, as English become international language every one need learn English , so we can communicate with foreign people.
If you choose the first one.
You brought it or just borrowed.
There are some people say that one will not read a book unless it is borrowed.
On the one hand, we can save the book that we have brought.
Then we can read them whenever we intend to read it.
Sometimes, you may feel it was waste money to buy books.
I do not think you need to worried about that.
You can give your children an atmosphere of read.
It will be worth doing and so many families did it.
At the same time, they have their own room for study in their house and the have a lot of books.
We can appreciate it during our free time.
It will be comfortable.
On the other hand, I think we can take some notes in our books.
However, if the book was borrowed, we cannot do it.
As for me, taking some notes in my book will support me recognize the implication of book better.
Taking into consideration all the above-mentioned, we may safely come to the conclusion that people will read book whether it is borrowed or not.
The old saying goes: The book has its own gold room and the book has its own Yanruyu.
but when you repair something.
so you need the book information .
Hainan is my first trip.
We have visited the famous places in Hainan.
The mountains in Hainan are so beautiful and magnificent and the sea is clear.
There were many kinds of delicious foods in Hainan.
I had a good time in Hainan.
others .
The disadvantages as followes.
daily life, which maybe have a bad influence for us.
others in order to get rid of lonely.
If we trust then easily, we may be cheated.
worse, we may be in dangerous.
through the internet.
But there are also many advantages as followes.
easily with those people who come from all over the world.
and makes us learn more.
As for me, I oppose on cyber love.
Ture love is based on the ups and downs of livers in daily life.
is born of beauty in the distance, so ture maybe is illusion .
I do not think there is only one answer to this important question.
However there are some things that a good teacher must do well.
On the one hand, a good teacher shold very patient and enthasiastic to, their students.
In other words a good thacher must do it because today teenage are only-child so they are squeamish, wayward znd diszbedient .
Also he or she should plan her lesson carefully and mustexplain thingsclearly if she want to be a good teacher.
If not the students must have problem when they leam their subjects.
It has been said that Joys shared with others are more enjoyed.
The earth has not changed, and the living space is limited, but the population is becoming more and more, Our world is now overcrowded.
Let me illustrate.
To begin with, one of the problems is the traffic jam.
Morepeople means more private cars.
As we can see in Beijing, if you want to go somewhere, it will cost you hours waiting on the road.
That is really a waste of time.
Another one, large population makes the earth beyond the load.
There are not enough food and drinking water for people, so the number of the refugee is becoming bigger.
The problems caused by overcrowding is serious, but it doesn't mean it can't be solved.
In fact, we have done something positive.
To the traffic jam, we can limit the private car buying, and encourage people to go out by public transport.
To the second problem, the government advocates a family planning program to limit the population.
There is only one earth, the earth is our common home.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
With the development of times, our living standard has rised.
There is a great increase in population.
People bring many issues of environment.
Overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.
It reduces available resources.
People's cutting forests makes land desertification.
What's more, many people don't have access to safe drinking water for lack of water resources.
Facing such serious environmental problems, to solve them, we must take action to protect the environment.
We can plant trees or grass to make air fresher.
It's a good idea to ride a bicycle instead of driving cars.
Age clouded my memories.
Ihave forgotten when I had started to dream about my future life.
I have been dreaming of having beautiful house, it won't require to bebig, but it should be warm enogh.my husband and me are the owmer of the house.
There is a land window to watch to watch the scenery of the outside, and in front of the window , we will set up a swaychair, when sunrise or sunset, we sit side by side, looking the beautiful scenery.
My perfect life , of couse, including my work, I wish my husband and me both have a free job, it not means unsteady, it should be plastic in time and place to savor our life more happily.
And I wish we can earn enough money to privide for our expand.
I don't like do chores, bue if my husband do it toghether with me, I will do my best to make our home clean.
In my perfect future life, the most important thing is a better husband.
He don't need to be handsome , but he must to be turely man who I can talk out my heart to him.
As for me, life in university is pretty interesting.
I especially enjoy the time chatting and playing with my roommates in dorm.
Someone is thought to help a stranger will give yourself in trouble and danger.
Because sometimes see things in the news.
For example, a good intention person to help the stranger that fell down, but a stranger to the man claim medical bills.
Many of these things have happened, it makes fewer and fewer people ready to help others.
This kind of thing is not right.
I think we should help strangers who have difficult, when we have the ability to help a stranger.
Or I will heart uncomfortable.
A year has four seasons: spring, summer, autumn and winter.
Here I want to say spring and autumn.
Spring is the first season of a year and a transition season between winter and summer.
Everything begins to grow in spring.
Flowers bloom and grass grows.
Farmers sow the seeds in spring.
In a word, spring is filled with green, warm, hope and happiness.
Autumn is the third season of a year and a transition season between summer and winter.
Everything fades in autumn.
Leaves fall and flowers wither.
However, to farmers, it's a harvest season.
They are busy harvesting.
The dormitory students often throws our dormitory very dirty, because they have a bad habits, make our dormitory often very dirty, no good feeling to study.
Ideal is a splendid dream .
It can lead you to success and make your deam come true.
You know, Li hua is a smart one in class.
He never wears anything in the way out.
Naturely, he wants to play a role of fashion designer.
As everybody knows, he is senior to draw.
Chang Lili thought she may be a gardener.
Sh is an out-going girl as we all love.
She love plants, especially the lively and beautiful ones.
Chang eagers to approach nature where is the original of the life and soal.
Ma kai is fond of writing.
As a result, he plans to be a writer, in which way he can share briliant story with others.
Sun jun likes to cook green food.
My dream is to become a film maker.
Life is hard and cold while happy and relaxing.
Flim is somthing we hunger for or we want to tell people.
Dreams are awful, exciting and awesome.
Whatever is your dream, just embrace the present and dream your future.
As the saying goes: reading is like travelling.
Is widely acknowledge that education level symboling a nation's progress.
so, Reading is of paramount importance to society.
First, reading is the main process that we acquire knowledge.
About 2 years have passed since I became a middle school student, that means, I have been together with my new classmates for two years.
She is not a tall girl-----in fact, she is nearly shorter.
But the most strange of her look is her hair.
Of course she also has some advantages.
To be a good monitor of our class, especially that most of us are naughty, sunhaichun does her job wonderfully.
she is a happy and smart girl with hundreds of friends and good marks.
she always thinks of others, and spends her privte time working for the class.
she is not a serious monitor, sometimes she can also be crazy.maybe she is tired every , but she never complains about everything.
she only uses her big smile to help other be happy.
Sunhaichun likes Japanese manga best.
In the school, she always talks with others about this.
Nowadays there are more and more ways to get information and learn about so many things.
The reason why people regard reading as most important is that so many people who are great said so.
Well, think about our lives.
When we are looking for some employments the companies try to get someone who is rich in experience rather than who can just read or be a book worm but not really explore.
Also, there is an English saying, If you are not inside a house, you do not know about its leaking.
So thats all my view.
While you focus on reading and try to grasp all the things by it, please realize its quite impossible.
No matter what will happen in our lives.
My favourite book is written by J K Rowling the Harry Potter series.
She was born in 1965, in England.
I love this book because the characters of the book are very brave and clever and it was wonderful words to read.
Now, the Harry Potter series was translated into 65 languages, and it made her become one of the best writers in the world.
People all over the world be came a fan of Harry Potter, especially students.
We can make friends all over the world.
And that is more important.
we'll organize foreign language training for staff who can't speak foreign language.
Because it's necessary for us to improve foreign language and receive a large number of overseas orders.
We'll start our course on November 11th.
First of all, you must be on time.
You'd better dress neatly.
Secondly, when you with him/her, you must look at his/her eyes and listen to them carefully.
Don't look around when you are listening.
What's more, you should answer their questions honestly.
If you are not sure about something , you should say:  I will try my best to do it well  instead of Sorry, I can't  .
For many people, the Internet has become the main source of daily news.
Last, newspaper can avoid trash information overflowing before it published.
And, the paper on the health of people without harm, adoids the adverse effect of the computer radiation.
Winter gets colder and summer becomes hotter and it rains more frequently.
When I have some questions in homework, he can teach me how to answer the questions.
My father take us to go to the park at weekends when he have free time.
The chief manager said:  2 rabbits.
As the saying goes,  chance favors the prepared mind.
Nowadays, compared with staying in the countryside, people prefer getting into the city.
There are several problems which are clear.
Firstly, it is more difficult for people to find a job in a big city.
The situation of employment is becoming serious.
Secondly, with the growth of the population, the crisis of lodgings is happening.
The houses that people living are turning into smaller and the building price becoming more and more expensive.
Thirdly, it leads to crowded.
As far as I'm concerned, the government should take some policies to promote the rural economy.
such as'start an undertaking .
there are so many ways for us to choice instead of dead in one way.
However, opportunity is open to everyone and one should make good use of it when confronted with it.
One should take advantage of it just like the proverb states: Opportunities are only from the prepared minds.
But we can see many people smoking on campus.
others have conducted anti-smoking campaigns.
when we want to smoking , we should do something to instead it .
Tomorrow is the Double Ninth Festival.
My classmates and I want to go to the nursing house.
We all wang to do something for the elderly people.
You know, the Double Ninth Festival is Chinese traditional festival.
Now, we all want to invite you to go with us.
We will meet at the school at 9'o clock.
Then, We will go to the Yuan nursing home on walk.
We want to make dumpling and cook for them.
After eating lunch, we will play games with them and performing for them.
My name is K.
I have lots of habbits.
After class, I often play with my classmate and help with teachers do some things.
It's very busy.
At present, we can see some uncivilized behaviors in public place.
For example, carving on the place of interest, running a red line and so on.
First of all, it may hurt historic things or your life.
Second, it will make others feel uncomfortable.
In a word, we can't let these things go with the wind, we should take some measures to stop it.
We can make the public service advertisements to appeal to citizen's public spirits to obey the civilized rules.
When we see some uncivilized behavior, we can stop it bravely.
We make every little effort can make this situation better.
Nowadays, the knowledge level of college students is higher and higher.
There is an old saying, practice is only one benchmark to confirm it's true or not.
So as for a college students, much theoretical knowledge has learned from books, but how make it useful, which is the most important.
should put it into practice.
Besides , college students could enlarge their view and get alone with all kinds of people .
During this process, they could develop their ability how to deal with complicated and trivial things.
As for me, my opinion is the same to above.
Because college students have been adults approaching outside society and undertake more responsibility.
Many people's view towards variety is different.
the mid autumn is a very important chinese festival .
it falls on the 15th day of august.
A few days of the festival .
Every one in the family will help to make the house clean and beautiful.
in the evening there will be a big family dinner.
after night talk together.
and the children Will play their own Toy very happy.
At the night.
People can see the moon and eat the Moon cake .
There is no denying that reading books online has been gaining popularity these years, an increasing number of people like e-books rather than paper books.
I hold that e-book will influence our future .
In the first place, computer, mobile phone have entered every households, so e-books have characteristics that in some ways supersede those of traditional books, being more flexible and accessible than paper books ever be.
In the second place, most e-books on the Internet are free, but paper books require payment.
Even though some e-books need payment, they are not expensive.
As every coin has two sides, e-book also has demerits.
Many people remain a paper book devotee.
As far as I am concerned, the advantages of e-book outweigh its disadvantages.
Whether we intend to read e-book or not, the convenience of e-book is obvious.
College is not a paradise but an arena.
Actually, on the one hand it is an experience that contributes to young adult'growth and maturity.
College is not only colorful but also challengeable.
The first step is studying by ourselves.
Then we can take part in some activities to feel team-work spirit which will be an important element in our future career.
What is more, interpersonal connections are also a part of our life, how to make friends, how to deal with it.
Besides, a part-time job is a good choice for our growth, through this we can feel how hard our parents are and it is time for us to be mature.
All in all, we can not only get intellectual abilities but also develop social skills as well as knowledge and wisdom necessary for choosing a future career.
In our college we still hold our dream, we still hold our hope.
my major is electronic.
Then what is that, maybe one reducing the delivery of carbon.
It is a serious problem in the world.
But the solution to that is so easy that everyone can do it well.
Now as a college student, we can contribute to the beauty of our home as long as we would like to do.
We can try our best to use less plastics.
Or ride bicycle instead of driving cars when we go out.
If busy, taking buses is also a good choice.
In addition, plant trees more if free.
And so on.
Of course, developing a good habit is helping much.
All these are under the habits.
In my opinion, a good teacher should rich in knowledge and like smiling.
In other words , I think that a good teacher should kind and patient.
And we have trouble in studying or in life, she care about the students.
And when we make mietakes, she don 't tend to be angry with us.
Anyway, students'interest in this subject depends on the teachers' attitude and character.
There are a lot of instant communication mode, for example, QQ, MSN, fetion.
As far as I am concerned, I think that there are both advantages and disadvantages.
Instant communication, although it can bring a lot of convenience and joy to us, but also easy to let us too much addicted to the internet, disturb our life order.
However, Fizz offer drinks to all supermarkets .
Let's now turn to sale volume, The sale volume of Solo has two volumes.
the second quarter is more than the first quarter.
But the Fizz 's first quarter is higher than the second quarter.
Last year, I am very happy when I heared admitted to university.
As a freshman, I felt very fresh to everything in the university.
Through one year of study, I have learned a lot.
However, I also exist many shortage.
For example, I did not get a good grades.
I also had some difficult last year, but I had to face up to it.
In a word, I had a happy also had sad.
Disney was looking for the character called Mickey Mouse for after years of trial and error , and finally he found it .
lt was first introduced in the cartoon Plane Crazy .
Steamboat is one of the most famous Mickey cartoons it was the first sound cartoon .
lt was a great achievement for him .
And then , his fame spread all over the world .
Mickey became the cinema's most popular cartoon character .
Mickey was a moralist with a sense of fun and he was loved by all ages .
Environmental protection will benefit us a lot .
First , it improves our condition by making our air purer and our water cleaner .
lt is essential to work and study in a healthy living condition .
Second , environmental protection does good for the younger generation .
lt doesn't only improve our children's health but also teaches our children a good altitude toward the environment .
Third , we can recycle used materials instead of throwing them away .
A number of college students have some unhealthy habits, such as sleeping late, over-consumption and addicted to computer games and so on.
Those unhealthy habits will affect the physical and mental health.
When we go to bed very late last night, we will be very tired next day.
So we can't concentrate all our energies on the study or the work.
If we spend a lot of money, we will develop the habit of extravagance and make us learn to be vain.
Some people are addicted to computer games.
First, we should know the harm of the unhealthy habits of college students.
Second, we can make a plan, what time to sleep and what time to wake up.
Academic dishonesty is that using other's views to deal with our assignments when we are not able to handle it.
However, just like everything has both it good or bad sides, academic dishonesty also has its cons.
To begin with, if we continue to academic dishonesty, we cant master skills and knowledge When we have exams, we cant write down anything.
What's more, we are not keen on studying and haven't optimistic attitude award the matter we face.
There are some ways to solve academic dishonesty.
Firstly, teachers should change teaching stagy and keep an active atmosphere about the study.
Next, the school may change the management, education system.
Finally, as far as I am concerned, we should improve our quality and try our best to keep on the study.
He is very famous, he is very humorous and talented.
Of course, I appreciated the most was the way he talks.
I learn how to communicate better with other people.
But it was treated as  the Junkyard Bomber and wasn't paid attention by the police.
For gathering the evidence, the government met his demands.
By the writing style and quirky use of the aphorism, David pinpointed that the unabomber was his brother.
After much soul searching, David and his wife made the painful decision to take their concerns to the FBI.
Final sentencing wasn't smooth, because the Ted himself confirmed he wasn't a psychosis and his anti-technology thought was truth.
While his victims' responses was unsympathetic understandably.
Hello, I'm J, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
I'm glad to konw you.
Now, I want to introduce my beautiful school and my hometown---Tianjin.
The weather in Tianjin ia very well, it's warm now.
And Tianjin have many delicious foods, like Goubuli.
I wish you will like Tianjin.
Then, my class is unity.
We like a family.
And classmates are very friendly.
Nowadays , teachers and parents should have a proper way to lead college students to meet frustration bravely.
X is a very large autonomous region.
It is in the northwest of China.
I went there last year.
We were there by car.
We passed through Hebei Province, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Gansu provinces.
We visited the scenery along the way.
On that trip, let me the most impressive is the Turks county.
Its whole layout is a gossip.
The road is straight in the right direction.
Reservation is a promise and guarantee of a table in a restaurant.
You can make a reservation through phone, internet, fax and so on.
And it has many advantages for both restaurants and customers.
For the restaurants, it's helpful for making clear the number and name of customers, and also guaranteeing the efficiency and quality of service work.
If you taking a reservation, you should follow these procedures.
First, you should ask the basic information of the customers, such as customer's name, phone number, number of people, date and sit-down time and some special requirements.
Second, if the employees didn't come on time, the restaurants should wait as long as possible.
In my opinion, if the restaurants want to improve the efficiency of the reservation service, the restaurants should treat the employees as their family, giving them more training.
Only satisfied the employees, the employees could have more energy and do a good job.
And we are the lack of such a loving life and knowledge attitude.
Read a good book can affect a person's life.
Low-carbon lifestyle is a lifestyle , which people produce less carbon and make more oxygen in the earth.
First, we can change our lifestyle.
When we go outdoors, we can take the bus or walk rather than take the taxi.
In addition, we are able to spread low-carbon lifestyle.
For example, we can carry out some activities to attract more people to join us.
Nowadays, it is a tendency for people to use E-Book instead of traditional book.
The E-Book widely used in modern society .
Some people in favour of using E-Book, because they think that E-Book has a lot of advatanges.
E-Book can provide more wonderful contents when you just click the mouse.
And the traditional book is limited quantity, however, the E-Book can offer everyone read.
But the others who against using E-Book argue that E-Book will cause many problems.
Tt needs electricity.
In my opinion, E-Book is the best choice for us, the reason is that the E-Book is more convenient for us and it can offer us more knowledge than traditional book.
By the job I want to set up a cookice shop.
Cook dessert can bring hope and happy.
Draw a amazing which is my favouertie dearm.
It's me of ten years after , I want to write a letter to him.
As we all know, online rumors are harmful to us.
In my opinions, there are four reasons: the first, online rumors transmit faster than other ways.
The second, following the development of Internet, increasing number of the Internet become Internet users.
And online rumors transmit widely by means of the Internet.
The third, the effect that society has on people.
So many bad things happened in recent years so that people feel unsafe in this environment.
Bad memories and fear of society make people trust the rumors easily.
How to solve this problem is still a question.
Form my views, do believe our society and ourselves is the most essential.
A lot of people hold different point of view towards success.
Of course, there is no doubt that everyone urge to be a triumphant person which means status, money and reputation.
I've heard of such a famous word  Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe  .
  I think, during the period, we may have ups and downs, but we can't just tell merely from appearance whether serbacks will turn out unfavourable to us or not.
There's as good fish in the sea, as ever came out of it.
Nowdays, with the rapid development of society, our living standard has improved a lot.
In the past, people lived a hard life.
They were often lack of food and money.
And many people couldn't attend school so they didn't accept education especially the women who have no rights.
Besides, they have no cellphone at that time.
Howevre, today, many changes has happened.
We can learn technology in the classroom at the school.
Women and men have equal rights.
Furthermore, with the rapid development of science, we all live in the information time.
We who are not out of home can chat with our all friends, families and colleagues and shopping.
Nowadays, shopping online is becoming a lifestyle and it's especially welcomed by young people.
However, shopping online is like a coin of two sides.
First, it's convenient for us because shopping online could help save us a lot of time and energy.
But this very convenience results in unhonest in goods.
For example, the goods in online shops have many quality problems and we couldn't touch and check the goods until we buy it and receive it.
Second, we can choose our favorite product from many goods and do this activity in a little time.
But just because of so many goods.
As I consider is that we should do just follow one principle that should be benefic for us.
Mobile phone has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.
Some students believe that mobile phone should not be restricted in the library.
Others argue that the opposite is true.
In school, most of the students bring mobile to e-reading room.
So not only have the effect of learning, but also disturb the other students.
But we also is not difficult to see.
There is no doubt that restrict mobile phone in library has its drawbacks as well as merits.
But we should correct use of mobile phone in the library.
There is a PE office beside library.
There are six PE teacher in it .
There are grade four and grade one in the third floor.
There is a music room in the forth floor.
I am Class five Grade five .
As is known to all  Honesty is a virtue admired everywhere, while dishonesty is generally despised and condemned  .
For example, some students copy others' homework or cheat in examinations in order to get good marks.
some people want to get rich and live a comfortable life.
instead they cheat others.
we should remind ourselves that dishonesty and deception can merely win short-term trust, but only with honesty can we build a durable and steady relationship.
Maybe there are people who agree with the view.
With the development of our technology, internet has penetrated into all the aspects of our life and work.
Even sometimes the information will be misused by the criminals.
As far as my life, after-school activities is one of the most important parts of in my life.
Ijoin some clubs at school.
First, we must make sure we don't waste the time for learning to do activities.
If it takes too much time, you'd better fail it.
seeondly, we should choose positive activities.
Then, We can choice activities to improve your abilities.
For example, a fat man tabes exercise eveny morning.
It is the activities which change your lives.
Yesterday, I had a quarrel with my parents.
The quarrel began with a small thing that I want to cut my hair.
But I don't think so.
As for myself, short hair is suit for me and it's easy to clean.
At last, I had to compromise.
After that, I gave my best friend a call and told her this thing.
She told me that she has the same experience as me.
Some of us think it necessary to get online frequently because we can acquisit knowledge and broaden our horizons.
On the other hand, other of us think we shouldn't get online frequently.
In their opinion, using computer too much is bad for our eyes.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
In the evening before the Spring Festival, families get together and have a big meal.
Dnmplings are alwayes the most traditional food.
Children like the Spring Festival very much.
Because they can wear new clothes ang get money from their parents.
Adults are also enjoy the Spring Festival because they can have a good rest after the whole year's work.
Before the Spring Festival, I go shopping with my parents, cleanand decorate our home.
On the Spring Festival, we cerebrate it at home.
On the eve of the new year, my families get together and had a big meal.
After the meal, we watched TV.
A new year reprsents a new beginning.
This is for you.
But I'm more inclined to the first view.
Needless to say that with a great number of new things coming up, our life has been pushed to a new level in which our daily life has been simplified in many ways, showing the reasult that it is the new things we dare to try that change our life, as a reasult of which i can say Try more and you can embrace more eventually.
At the same time my dad came up and helped me with my toy car so that i regarded him as my hero but what really impressed me the most was that he said You don't have to mend it, because the parts of it can work well and the tire of it can be a 'ring'.
And i never thought it in that way.
I live in Fuyang, AnHui province about 20years since i was born.
Myhometown is a beautiful place.
There are many trees, flowers, rivers and so on.
If john comes here, i hope with him go to WenFeng tower.
The tower is about 40m hight.
It is more than 1000 years history.
Many tourists will visit the tower from all over the world every year.
So it is worth visting.
HuaiHe is our mother river.
I drink the water growing up.
There sceneary is very beautiful.
Learning how it differs from man to a man, but the ways is beneficial, of course, them exist harmful.
My Favorite Way of Learning is what teachers exchange with students.
Like this, classroom atmosphere can full enliven us.
We will more active devote to studying and knowledge of learning will firm.
I like self-learning too.
lying quiet on flower with a book or myself do solve a difficult problems.
It is reported that many young people prefer to work rather than continue their education.
They think a person without higher education could also get a decent job.
Each student would have his or her own idea about whether to continue their education or to work as for me study is more important than to work.
Also, a college education has become necessary to find a worthwhile position.
Nowadays, pet is a hot topic in society.
Some people are inclined to keep pets for the following reasons.
Firstly, they can bring us happiness, when we have something unhappy and don't want to tell anyone else.
We can always talk with our pets, though perhaps they don't understand at all .
Other people, however, don't argue with that.
They think keeping pets will also bring us quite a lot trouble.
Most pets are very dirty and they have lots of diseases with them which will make us ill.
Sometimes, a dog will bite someone who may just want to touch it to express his friendship.
To me, keeping a pet is more attractive in that not keeping pets.
The majority of people hold the point that reading good books can light the spark of emotion within us that motivates us to read more, understand more.
In addition, reading can make our spirit brightness.
The rest of them think that practice is the best learning style.
In their view, we are supposed to make full use of our senses to explore the world.
On the thing, we can have a thorough comprehension of things.
In my opinion, reading is a traditional way of obtaining knowledge and knowing the world.
As it was said before, we will be profound and more thoughtful.
But, as the proverb goes'every coin has two sides', we will achieve nothing if we don't put it into practice.
Contrary to reading, we have more chances to reading, we have more chances to touch things through practice that can provide us with practical experience.
as is discussed, we should pay attention to reading as well as practice.
English is the most widely used language in the world.
You should take notes in class.
And you also can read the new words more to remember it.
I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your rome.
You must listen to the teacher carefully in class.
I had a great time in China.
When I arrived here, I went to a Chinese middle school.
They were very warm.
After class, we did some sports.
The next day they took me around the places of interest.
We paid a visit to the Forbidden City in the morning and climbed the Great Wall in the afternoon .
A few days later, I caught the most important festival to Chinese, the Spring Festival .
Everything was decorated in a joyful way.
Children wore new colourful clothes.
In the evening, the host's relatives came and said 'happy new year' to each other.
Then they invited me to join their big dinner.
At the midnight , fireworks appeared in the deep blue sky.
In accordance with the above, I support this view.
If left to eat the Spring Festival, it may become incomplete Spring Festiva.
so, I want to speak my Spring Festival about eat the thing.
As eat too fast, and the tongue are felt.
We all want to eat a mouthful of oil, then happy to see the brilliant television.
Hwe will paste the couplet, and pasted door god, and then, and grandparents, uncles and aunts who together Qidu reunion meal.
I realized that our high school teacher said the university and the high school is not the same.
AIDS is a terrible virus.
More and more people died of it.
We have watched the vedio about AIDS yesterday.
The patients look so skinny in the screen, that is terrible and I can't help crying.
There eyes tells me they need help.
I feel pity for them.
Everyone has the right to live but they are illness, they are painful and need our help.
However, a lot of people discriminate against AIDS patients, that's wrong.
We should communicate with the AIDS patients.
And for MoSo people, drinking is the order of the day.
You know, not so much.
However what he said next sent shivers down the spine of me what the hell I've done.
Before winter comes , a large amount of animals and plants change a lot .
For example , the animals will eat more and more .
And their fit and feather is twice than summer or spring .
The plant's leaves also change from green to yellow and fall to land .
At that time the whole field is very quiet .
Sometimes we can saw some birds flied from a tree to another tree .
Before winter comes , every people also have some changes .
Such as my a lot of classmates who speak english in the morning ago didn't willing to get up early because of the cold weather .
In general, before winter comes , every thing is changeable and attractive.
In nowdays, electronic products have influence our life greatly.
e-book is a typical example, It's widespread welcome in the Modern society.
Some people use e-book to replace the traditional books.
They think there are many advantages of e-book.
The most important is that they can pend less money to read more books, and use e-book can saving paper to prevent trees to be cut down, it's beneficial to environmental protection.
On the other hand, people who are in favor of read traditional books point out that facing the screen for too long will Damage our eyes, it can cause vision loss over time.
And traditional books are not fragile.
We don't have to worry about it.
even if the book drop form table or into water.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments, I am inclined to agree with the latter point of view.
even if e-book is very convenience.
It's lose the meaning and depth of reading.
There is much discussion nowadays as to the problem of the Internet and newspaper which is better source of news.
More people beleive that the Internet as a better source of news.
The reasons for this situation may be as follows, the first is online information's speed of propagation is faster and more timely then newspaper.
Even better, online information is very plentiful, including sport, entertainment, science and technology.
Relatively, newspaper can not full take into account and update the news is slower than the Internet.
On the other hand, the Internrt information is free and easy to obtain.
We can get news in anytime and anywhere on the Internet if you want.
However, if you want to know what is happening today, you must go to newsstand buy a nwespaper.
Newspaper printing needs paper, destory our forests.
The huge amount of wood consumed due to the timeliness of the nwespaper or a one-time newspaper.
Some teachers and students came here immediately.
Eventually, the parents of the girl was so thankful that they sent a letter of thanks to the teachers and students who helped them a lot.
We should try our best to help others.
I have a lot of things to do in my free time.
I take exercise after school.
Sports help me to keep healthy and study better.
I ofter watch TV or do some reading in the evening.
Sometimes I listen to music for a while.
I find it a good way to relax myself.
I go on a field trip with my friends.
  What they like most about their mobile device is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people can reach them notes NaomiBaron, a professor of linguistics at Amerian University in Washington D.
It is obvious in the graph that the stress index of city residents which means that how much stress city residents suffer from has undergone dramatic changes.
First of all, with the quickening pace of modern life and the increasingly fierce competition, everyone has to work, work and work.
Most people are asked to work overtime, even on legal holiday, which makes people fatigued physically and mentally.
More importantly, a number of people utilize their financial success as a measure of happiness.
In fact, the desire for money often gives them excessive stress rather than happiness.
So they make use of their spare time to work rather than spend their holiday.
In my opinion, everyone has their own stress.
For example, students have exam pressure while grown-ups have family pressure.
Facing all kinds of stress, we should try to cope with it.
We can spend our free time eating meals together, exercising, entertaining, enjoying nature, reading a book or enjoying a hobby rather than just work for money.
In contemporary society, the public trust is not easy to gain in term of food safety.
Motivated by profit either the food manufacturing or the private businessmen seeks the maximum benefit in the sacrifice of our health or lives.
The impacts are detrimental and result in our disappointment in purchasing necessities such as milk powder or pork.
To regain public confidence of Chinese food safety, more efforts need to make.
J-29 under the goods have been shipped per S.S. Pearl  .
The goods have transshipped by S.S  May flower in Hongkong.
The captioned contract by CFR transactions.
At about ten o'clock, the black sky was lightened by lots of fireworks with colorful light and happy sound.
We stop watching the Spring Festival gala, and go to the balcony to see the beautiful fireworks view.
Later, my cell phone was ringing all the time.
I received lots of short messages from my friends and classmates.
They all blessed me happy New Year.
I gave same bless to them by sending back the happy words.
According to many experts says , low-carbon lifestyle means use the least carbon in our life .
In fact that was not the case, we just need to control the extent.
For example , we could turn off the lights when we leave the room, we could ride our bikes instead of our cars, we could give up smoking as well.
As a college student , we must try our best to create a low-carbon lifestyle .
First of all, with society developing in such a fast way.
Internet and computer becoming more and more important.
And it is convenient to connect with others on the Internet.
Secondly, you can write your secret and no one know who you are.
And you can help others by blogs.
Thirdly, blog covers all kinds of topics from daily life to political forums, from individual thoughts to world events.
Finally, you can know news through blogs, blog covers all kinds of topics from daily life to political forums, from individual thoughts to world events.
However blogs may lead to some bad effects.
Someone may send some false information which will mislead many people.
What's more, It might be used by some people who have ulterior motives to spread rumors or to slander other people.
We need innovation, it makes our life full of challenges and fantasy.
My grandmother told me when she was young, she never think that she could use phone and wash machine.
In her childhood, she can only play cards with her brothers and catch fishes in the river.
She always tells me I am so lucky for living this century.
There are many things we can't imagine before, but they appear in our daily life.
We need innovation when we study and work.
It can not only help us save time, but also can find more pleasure.
A natural conclusion can be drawn that innovation can not only do much good to a single person, but also can bring much benefit to the whole world and that to embrance new things is not only important but also necessary.
Dear Betty, I'm L.
I'm honored to introduce something about the reality talent show, The Voice of China to you.
It offers an special selling point for audiences--blind auditions, where judges don't appreciate the performances face to face.
I have got lost in enjoying the performance and I was astonished by how beautiful the voice is every time the contestants opened their mouths.
The highlight of the show is the moment the judges turn their chairs with a satisfied look, setting off cheering and clapping.
With more and more rural people rushing to urban areas just for pursuing a better quality of living life, however, it causes a series of terrible problems in the city.
Due to overcrowding, the traffic is always busy and thus it is very inconvenient for the people especially for the working persons to be outside or to come back home.
What's more, there may be more traffic accidents happening every day.
In addition, the condition where the residents live may have a sharp change for overcrowding .
For example, there will be more air pullution, more noises, which absolutely do great harm to our health.
From my point of views, the best solution to settle this serious problem should rely on the government's effective measures.
They had better have a good scheme for the cities and should have a strict control for the urban population.
As far as i am concerned, i suppose the college life is different from senior life.
For example, in senior school, teacher always help you improve your grades and take care of you.
In my opinion, adapt college is very important thing in our school life.
To adapt college life is not only can improve your study but also can make a lot of friends in school, raise our experience.
Life is equal to everyone, even an animal.
Most people take it for granted that they are the master of the world.
They have the right to dominate others, including lives.
In reality, they are wrong.
Animals limited, nevertheless people's desire to eat delicious food is unlimited.
Most animals are in severe danger .
The season why there are so many creatures in the world is to keep a balance.
Now it is human who disturb the balance.
People hunt animals for eating, utilize their skins for clothes and add them into drug without limit.
For example, if people have no desire to eat paw, they have no need to kill bears.
There will be no murder.
Life is worth respecting.
People hurt animals, at the same time, they make themselves into a dilemma.
As the balance is lost, the diseases come.
Eventually people hurt themselves.
It is people who are responsible for this.
Now that we know the balance is so significant, we'd better do what we can to stop animals from being killed.
We have to warn the human: just stop your foolish behavior.
Stop eating animals, stop wearing the clothes made by animals' skins and stop adding animals into medicine.
Human and animals can get along well with each other.
The rule people should obey is: don't hurt animals.
At the present times, more and more people had a chance go to college, and have had more knowledge.
As a college student, especilly in this competitive society.
We mast have the skills to survive in society.
So, we should take part in some social practice to exercise myself.
Because social practice not only make our to learn more knowledge, but also to learn more skills.
First, more social practices may offer you an opportunity to display your ability and apply what you have learned in school.
Second, social practices in business can develop a sense of competition, which you need in future.
It increases your confidence in yourself because through the work you can realize your own value, Besides, it helps students develop a sense of independence, and helps relieve your parents'economic burdens.
Firstly, we can name the museum.
A beautiful name can interest people to enjoy the works of art there.
Nowadays with the rapid development of advanced technology, an increasing number of digital products are commonly and wildly used in everyday life.
Compared with the traditional book, the e-books seem to have lots of advantages.
First of all, e-books are very easy to travel with.
Secondly, e-books with large capacity is very suitable for modern life.
The last but not least, e-books are usually cheaper than traditional books.
However, we can't deny that the e-books cannot work without electricity and the electronic data is easy to be hacked and changed.
What is more, although the technology is invented recently, there are still large parts of the e-books not supported by this technology.
I enjoy the feeling that carry a book and smell the sweet smell of the ink.
Dear Mr.
First of all, please allow me to introduce my abilities in English to you.
As a result, I decide to attend a course of spoken English, which I am interested in.
I don't want others to understand me hard, faced with foreigners, which is so embarressed.
In a word, I would appreciate it if you could allow me to take part in the course.
His speech encouraging people to do a brave man .
I will buy a lot of candies.
Consequently, the scientific research seems to be more and more important.
In the medicine, scientific research mainly contains two aspects: basic research and clinical research.
They are two different kinds of research in terms of their study area.
To begin with, basic research focuses mainly on the cell and molecular mechanism, whereas clinical research concentrates more on the apparent phenomenon, which can be qualitative or quantitative analysis.
However, their scientific thinking is similar.
For instance, both of them have to Comply with the scientific thinking.
In addition, these two researches share the same technique to support their thesis statement.
As an illustration, statistic induction and statistic analysis are used to illustrate the relationship between what they research.
Most importantly, although they study on the different fields, the final purposes are both for the better understanding of the human body and solve the realistic problem.
In general, basic research and clinical research are similar to each other, though they are different in some ways.
For better associating basic research with clinical research, translational medicine appears as a bridge to connect them.
My name is L and I am a student who was born in 90s.
Nowadays, 90s have many problems to join the society .
We will face many problems like enter a higher school or get a good job.
Our parents become very anxiety because many 90s like us pay attention to themselves and do not like to work with other students to solve problems.
Some of 90s students are lacking perseverance and very easy to be discouragement.
I do not think it's right.
Many 90s also very outstanding and like helping with each other.
They love study and love working with other students.
In my opinion, 90s is a very potential generation.
I believe if we can study hard enough then we will get good prospect.
So we need to study useful things and study how to keep the balance relationship with each other.
Walking to work is better than driving to work.
One reason is that walking to my job is usually faster than driving.
This is because traffic is heavy, and is moves slowly.
Another reason is that walking is more enjoyable than driving.
I get upset when there is a lot of traffic.
The most important reason is that walking is healthier.
I don't get any exercise when I drive.
So, I prefer to walk.
I have a general home but it very warm.
It makes me feel relaxed, comfortable, warm.
Although my home is not luxury and have neither garden nor swimming pool.
I love my home and I have profound memories.
Form far, It was a small house was surround with the mountain.
Go head, you can see a large piece of the land in front of the small house, there are different types of crops and vegetable.
Slowly near the small house, you can see a small water ditch in front of the house small door, the water very clean, you can see the bottom of the stone and sand.
There are many trees in the water ditch beside, their leaves are green, birds on the tree top call.
Along the path to the left, to the bamboo side up again.
At this time you can hear the dog sound, along to see, you can see a big dog is calling at you, next to the small dog along with the big dog.
At the time, you do not have to be afraid of the dog, because it is closely tied by the rope.
Behind the dog you can see two rows of small room, there are about ten, that is the pig room.
You can see big pig is eating, also can see cute pig in the fight.
Go on and you can go from the gate, you can see the space like the courtyard.
Go to your left, this is storage place, with meat , there are rice , , , .
Go to the, in front of the sofa, sofa in front of TV, and on the right is the refrigerator, the left is a cabinet, the left is a cabinet, with different types of Chinese medicine, Western medicine.
Come into my bedroom, you can see a small bed made of wood, the corner of a bed, put a little bear, the head of a bed, there is a dog, bed, beautiful quilt.
here is a picture , we can see the student is sitting with the internet face to face.
My grandparents grew up very earily(around 5 o'colck in the morning), so at that time I was a morningperson who went with her grandfathers to do the morning exercises.
  There had been no years between the ducking of this dragonfly and the other one-the one that was part of memory as E.
I can still catching the butterflies, doing the morning exercise, but my mind has changed.
I have to make choices.
I used to think that the life of university will be more relaxing, but after I spent nearly 2 hours in class which was taught only in English, I changed my opinion.
But the new environment is equal to everyone, I don't need to complain about it, just take part in it.
To be honest, I can't control myself very well, so always I can't make full use of my time.
Beijing Foreign studies university is one of my dreams when I was in high school, I always regret what I have done during my high school, but now, I change my opinion about this.
As a famous saying goes, Happiness is not a result, it's a process.
Anyway, As long as you make good use of your time and be studious to do some wonderful things.
Secondly, the bride and her father go to the church, and her father hands the bride in bridegroom.
By and by, the bride and the bridegroom announce wedding vows and exchange rings, god and everyone stare at them at that moment.
In addition, they will kiss each other, a only love kiss.
University's first winter was coming, and my favorite season is winter.
Before the winter is autumn, the fall is a cool season.
In winter, the days are exceedingly short.
When it comes, the leaves fall from the trees.
When it snows, the foundation is white with snow.
We can wear warm clothing and go to make snowmen.
If we like skating it is a good season.
In the winter, when we looked around, it is each packet streets solidly plastered over people, plants and trees are covered with white snow.
Taking the bus moves slowly.
In addition, walking is move comfortable than taking the bus.
It is celwdly .
Finally, walking to school is healtheir than taking the bus.
And my school is my house near.
I believed that everyone has heard of an advertisement like this''No business, No killing''.
In the world, animals are the most essential friend to us.
In my opinion, animals are the best friend of human.
They are not only lovely and cute but also can keep the balance of the nature.
At some critical juncture moments, they could even save us.
A Chinese medicine professional denied claims that the practice of extracting bear bile is cruel and promised to give media a chance to visit the country's bear farms.
But as far as I am concerned, it is a really crucial behavior.
The bear also has feelings.
It would feel painful.
It is claiming that a measure of success in its decade-long quest to ban the practice in China.
There are also thousands of sharks are hunted in Asia for special foods, such as fin soup.
This behavior should be stop as soon as possible.
However, it is believed that awareness of protecting animals has been on the rise in recent years.
As we ll know''Animal protection is the protection of our own''.
If everyone does a little contribution to the animal protecting, our world will become more balanced.
So, let start from now to protect animals.
A few days before the festival, houses are cleaned .
Now people are beginning to realize that reading is a critical part of learning and growing while other persons hold the idea that the best method to learn is practicing .
As for me, reading plays a significant role to one's growing.
First of all, the old sayingTo open a book is always helpfulclearly tells us how good it is to read a book.
Finding the right book at the right time can ignite an emotional spark with us that motivates us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
Secondly, reading can cultivate our taste.
I am sure that reading some elegant sentences or the beautiful things described in the book will make us feel relaxing and comfortable.
All this means that reading does contribute to our university lives.
Now time flies, I have spent two years in my college.
To be honest, I have realized that there is a big gap between the ideal and the reality.
For instance, the apartment is not as good as I thought, and there is no water heater and air condition.
Of course, I know different college has different housing conditions, it depends on my grades and personal choice.
Nevertheless, I had to admit that I felt a little disappointed.
In addition, we are not complete free like what others said.
Teachers will subtract our normal grades if we don't show up on time for class.
In that case, we may fail to pass the final exam.
Oppositely, they allow us to choose classes, in which we are interested.
We can arrange our study life by ourselves.
Last but not at least, the college life is not carefree.
After I came to my college, I am aware of my duty.
Students are engaged in obtaining certificates and accumulating knowledge, which makes a big difference to our job hunting in the future.
As a junior, I have adapted into my college life and accepted these gaps.
The college also has rules in need of management.
It is impossible for us to do whatever we want.
Obviously, not anyone has self-consciousness.
As we know, when you can't change the environment, just change yourself.
In order to creating a conservation-oriented campus , we should have a sense of saving , from the said small things start Such as Save water, on time to turn off the lights, Have saving consciousness.
For the society , the government should make relevant laws do guarantee.
A couple of days ago, one of my classmates bought some food from a market and ate with a couple of friends because of his birthday.
Soon my classmates who ate the food had stomachaches and their faces became green.
And someone vomited badly, so they were sent to the hospital immediately.
After being examined, they were told that they got poisoning by the doctor.
Fortunately, they didn't have life risk just was a little weak.
In this matter, we have to pay attention to the food safety again, the problem relationships with our precious lives.
In 2001, he discovered his special ability to wrestle and decided to become a wrestler in WWE.
The will of winning is more important than winning itself.
In my opinion, the Great Wall is the longest wall in the world.
Undoubtedly, more and more serious problems that are beyond human beings' wit to solve are challeng-ing our planet.
Firstly , I will discuss with it about the population.
As we know , there are about 6,500,000,000 people on the earth now.
The number is so large that cause a series of problems.
For instance traffic problem-s , energy problems and the rest.
Secondly, the pollution become worse and worse day by day .
Finally, I want to know the extraterrestrials' science technology .
After the talking with the extraterrestrial, we should take their advice and criticizing into considera-tion.
As we all know , safety is important for everyone .
Our school hold the evacuation drill every year so that we could master the knowledge and skill that we can use to solve the urgent problems.
However, some students do not take it seriously.
For example, some syudents escape from the spot laughing ang talking .
To start with, we should keep clam and quiet, follow teachers direction.
I still remembered that night.
After answering few questions, I said goodbye to the interviewer and went out the room.
But now, I think it's a very wonderful experience I had ever had.
Dear Mr.
As a leader of business in China, you are expected to attend this discussion.
Although we realize you are busy, we believe you will find it delightful experience to attend the discussion.
But Time fies time fies like a shuttle.
Nowadays, a lot of people use blog.
They write diary and comment of something on it.
To me, it's also a good thing to show my ideas and communicate with others.
Firstly, it's free style make people love it.
They can write what they want and what they think about their life and their world on it, just like their diary book.
Secondly, it spreed extensive, It just like a big communicate wet on the Internet.
Many people show their ideas on it.
Thirdly, it can use to supervise government, hotel, restaurant and so on.
However, there are also something bad of blog.
Anyway, bloggers become more and more active on the Internet.
Nowadays, fatigue is one of the most common complaints brought to doctors, friends, and relatives.
There are three main categories of fatigue.
The first is physical.
This is the well-known result of overworking your muscles to the point where metabolic waste products accumulate in your blood and sap your strength.
The cure is simple and fast: You rest, giving your body a chance to get rid of accumulated wastes and restore muscle fuel.
The second is pathological.
Here fatigue is warning sign or consequence of some underlying physical disorder.
It not be overlooked.
We should have a thorough physical checkup and a good attitude about the disease.
The last, emotional problems and conflicts, especially depression and anxiety, are by far the most common causes of prolonged fatigue.
We should try to avoid it and try our best to find out the reasons and solutions.
There is a great deal we can do to deal with fatigue.
The simplest way for me is to eat a proper breakfast, low in sugar and fairly high in protein, which will provide peak energy in the morning.
You might try regular conditioning exercises help you to resist fatigue by increasing your body's ability to handle more of a work load.
But don't over do it.
Otherwise, get to bed earlier and don't put too much pressure to yourself and learn to say no to additional requests.
As we all know, there are different kinds of loves around us, such as the love from your parents, the love from your classmates.
When I get the love from my parents, I feel warm and encouraged, when I get the love from my classmates, I feel thankful.
By then, the phone became part of the life of people.
In a word, phones have both advantages and disadvantages.
I think the phone can let us more communication and can let us have more security.
As we all know that is one of the famous traditional festivals in China.
Because of it's so important that everyone must back to their home wherever they are and celebrate the day with their families.
For example that people will enjoy the full moon with eating the moon cakes.
What's more, people really enjoy theirselves during the wonderful day.
With the development of our economy and society, pollution is more and more serious.
The most serious should be carbon dioxide.
First of all, many factors develop heavy industry, such as burning of coal and oil and so on, led to the steadily rising concentration of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere.
It is high time that strict measures were taken to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere.
First, we can develop new sources.
As far as we individuals are, it has been suggested that rubbish recycle after sorted.
We should reduce outdoor barbecue.
Owing to the rapid development in science and technology, traditional means of communication have dramatically changed.
In this process, the mobile phone has gained so much popularity that the number of mobile users has rocketed.
A host of people firmly side with this new means of communication while quite some others show less approval to mobile devices.
It's certain beyond doubt that mobile represents a fast and modern hi-tech whose merits are conducive to people's life.
On one hand, mobile liberates people from old means of communication, greatly enhancing the speed and efficiency of contact.
Living in such a society where every second is of great value, we have to compete with time.
The message service of mobiles add to more convenience for users.
A host of people tend to attach top priority to message over phone calls in that we can talk as much as we like in a limited time by sending messages to others.
On the other hand, technological progress steps up the maturity of new functions in smart phones, which includes the Internet service, , news subscription as well as the weather forecast.
Nevertheless, every coin has two sides, mobiles also constitute some potential problems which we may neglect.
For one thing, the excessive use of mobiles can give rise to the addiction to the phone.
It's far from rare to see mang people hold a mobile all day talking, making text, or just surfing the Internet anywhere, even when crossing roads.
Worse still, those who take using mobiles for granted often suffer severe anxiety if someday they lose their phones.
For another, the continual phone call and messages by others may be a nuisance to many users.
Especially in busiest hour, a succession of the phone call can annoy us, but not many people directly turn off their phone, for fear that they should miss something urgent.
To sum up, I contend that mobile indeed brings much convenience, making modern life much easier.
However, we cannot ignore its problems.
What really counts lies in whether we can make best use of our mobiles and avoid being addicted to them.
All we need is to be the master of such hi-tech rather than be its slave.
Above all, learning by doing is some methods, such as traveling, part-time job and so on.
It can learn many social experience.
There is an old Chinese saying that each coin has two sides.
I caught a sight that before exams, some students would be dizzy or short of strengh, what's worse, they could't fall asleep till late or didn't have an appetite for food.
During the exam week, you should have an adequate rest, don't stay up too late.
As for the exam, you have to prepare in advance, make a great plan for recitement, and spare no efforts to follow it.
my favourite place at school is the reading room it is very big and bright there are also .
a lot of useful books newspeapers , and magazins there , i like reading boooks and magazins there because they not only provide me with much know ledge but also , help me learn a lot of about , what is happening around the world , sometimes i even fell can have a talk with the people inn the books , i can also relax my self in the reading room , when i feet tired and unhappy the reading room is the best place to go to reading .
I often listen to English songs after class.
Besides, I sometimes play badminton with my friends or my parents.
Although I play it not very well, I like playing badminton very much.
I think watching English films or listening to English songs is really a good idea if you want to relax yourselves and improve your English.
Of course, doing some sports is also a good choices.
Not long ago, there has been much talking about the event of Li Shuangjiang's son.
Because of all kinds of reasons, such as the pressure of eleven-plus and employment, many schools pay much attention to educate student's learning ability.
However, they ignore character education which has a big influence on student's developing.
Schools have responsibilities to lead students to be straightforward and guileless people.
Nobody can deny that character education is crucial.
It is reported that Chinese crime rate of teenagers is hundreds of times than which in America and South Africa.
So our schools have to take measures to improve the quality of character education.
Her name was C.
As long as they are at home, we will not need to go shopping and cooking by ourselves any more.
First of all, I think the development of new technologies to bring more convenience.
However, I think the pace of new technology invention is not able to stop.
With the invention of new technology, there are a lot of people addicted to attract into technology.
I think we should not because someone addicted to technology and to stop the development of new technologies.
But should be a better way to wake up those who are addicted to technology.
Of course, like the figure just to play with the computer while neglecting to communicate with family and friends is not good.
Churchill's speech on Hitler's invasion of the U.
Although he hated communism, he still thought that the citizens in the U.
  I see advancing upon all this in hideous onslaught the Nazi war machine, -delighted to find what they believe is an easier and a safer prey.
Here , we can see the Nazi soldiers were ready to invade the U.
When audience heard this, they will soon hate the Nazi regime and turn to help the U.
Setting off firecrackers is one of ways people express happiness during spring festival, however , thanks to set off firecrckers result in some security and environment matter always happen in society.
I always can see this phenomenon in my hometown, especially, when a family have happy event to host, then they will certainly set off firecracks in the day time or at night.
so this phenomenon is very commom in china.
From my standpoint.
I think this phenomenon should be forbid, first of all , setting off firecrackerc can release some harmful gases to air, it lead to environmental pollution, second , it is risky to children and might do n injury to them.
thirdly , it bring noise and have an big effect on neigborhoods when they are sleeping or rest.
It is widely known that Duchess of Cambridge Kate is an ordinary girl before she got married with the Prince William.
each girl dreams to be a princess, but only one can be.
We never seen the same person in the earth .
From another perspective , there are no two identical leaves in the world .
You are the only one in this world.
so variety just like the air that we live in .
Being ordinary or great are there for reason .
We write our history book by ourselves not others.
We shouldn't copy other's footprint .
Whether it is good or negative, one thing is certain that we are the only one in this world, all roads lead to Rome, do not envy others.
Sweden.
Sweden is one of the developed countries in Europe, situated in central of continental Europe.
It has an area of 4.1 square kilometers and a population of 7.5 million.
The capital city is Berne, and there is the famous city in the world -Geneva.
Sweden is known as the world garden because of it has a beautiful natural scenery.
The environment of Sweden is really fascinating and has less pollution.
 percent of people like watching TV to know the world .
Only 12 percent of people observe something by the newspaper.
Nonetheless , as far as I'm concerned, newspaper is a more appropriate way of gaining information.
Firstly, reporting news is much deep-per than TV news.
Secondly, we can read newspaper from time to time.
Time isn't a problem.
Finally, reading newspaper is able to practice and improve intelligence.
The next two years, I define it a time of personal growth and expansion, busy but happy.
first , we flew kites, It's very exciting.
Now l am a student .
That is must l am interested in job .
Then in fifty years l hope l can have a family .
Must have a child and happylies family.
I thank my life is very wonderful in the future.
My deam is l can have a big car and with my ded mom tavel around the world in the future.
With the rapid development of economy, more and more people are pursuing new ways of consumption, such as, collecting coupons, looking for group-buy and so on.
Because they think doing this they can save much money.
First of all, the cheaper the goods are, the more we want to buy.
It is more easily to make us spend more money to buy the goods that we don't need very much.
What's more, the clothes which are in sales is much cheaper than usual, at the sight of such low price, we tend to lose our mind and come home with packages of unnecessary goods, it is absolutely a waste of money.
Last but not least, the group-buy and coupons always have a lot of attaches conditions, you must use it in a short time, so, sometimes you can only eat the special diet which you are not really like.
Of course, there is no doubt that these new ways of consumption can really bring some benefits to us and help us save much money sometimes, But we more easily to lose our mind and spend much great amount of money.
Such as PS.
Davinci Resolve etc.
In my heart love is understand.
I konw my parents love me deeply and they know what i want , how would make me happy .
so they set me free .
they trust me because they know i am a positive girl .
they always suppot me to do anthing and just encourage even though i am in troudle that is useful experence they hope i become more and more brave and strong .many child feel much pressure from parents but i didn't feel .
I grew up in a relxed an free envionment .
I really want to say thanks to my dear parents .
I believe that each human being is free .
More and more college students find a part-time job in their free time.
At part-time job, we will know the difficult to earn money.
If we had a part-time job, we will wast much time to work.
We are college students.
At the same time, the USA had also witnessed a great increase of job losses in various manufacture industries .
Just as the title going, trade deficits and manufacturing decline are the legacies of NAFTA and the WTO.
As we all know, disposable plastic bags are widely used at a few years ago, the disposable plastic bags bring severe damage to throw away when we use it widely.
Nowadays people awareness the seriously of pollution take by disposable plastic bags, so the government take measures: limit the use of it, disposable plastic bags be not free any more, be offered in a much higher price.
To sum up, we should limit the use of disposable plastic bags, disposable plastic bags are bad for our healthy and environment.
In view of the present situation, it is high time that the government tried every means to protect the environment.
Some people think that we should read selectively, because we should select books on the basis of interested, these can promote efficiency.
However, some other people think that we should read extensively, we nend read a great variety of books .
In my opinion, if you are young, you should select extensively read, I think that what all know some is better.
The U.S. has experienced growing trade deficits and serious job losses for scores of years since the NAFTA and WTO was created.
These agreements failed to overcome the barriers to U.S. exports and the overvaluation of the U.
As we all know, more and more people died of AIDS.
This virus is very terrible.
And many people discriminate against those people who have AIDS.
Thus, these patients feel sad.
Let us suppose that we are those people who have AIDS.
If we face such bad situation.
I'm a volunteer.
And I heartily sympathize with those patients.
What's more, I want to I can do someting for them.
They may take encouragement from our care.
They are so poor.
In my opinion, they can stay alive with our help.
To be a collage sutdents, we have lived about 20 years.
When we meet frustrations, we should be confused or feel afflictive.
So, in my mind, frustrations are a part of our life, and we should not avoid frustrationts.
However, in the present, as a collage sutent, the ability of get over frustrations are not enough.
the part of reasons, I think, which have two sides.
the first one is parents cocker their children.
they always deal with everthings well for children.
and make children like the flowers in greenhouse.
the second one is personal reason.
The first is ourself, we should have the brave to face the frustrations and make effects to deal with it, and we also can turn to someone.
the second is school.
the most of time of a day, we stay in the school, so school can make some classes so that teach stusents how to face frustrations and send teachers help students get over.
the last but not the least, as parents, they also should encourge their children and give they confidents, so that help they get over frustrations.
Now, I will tell you something about the after-clsss activities that I have taken part in.
First, I'm always present mass organizations.
Such as the mess organizations about art and music, they can make my after-class time colourful.
Second, I like sports vrry much so I like playing football with my friends every afternoon.
Third, watching English movies is my favourite.
I think some of the movies are make-up stories, but some parts of the movies insinuate the reality accurate.
If you want to take part in after-class activities, you can enjoy yourselves.
But you can't spend too much time on it.
I have a busy father and a kind mother , my father is famer , he is 50 years old , he likes reading news paper .
Nowadays, laptop computers has become popular with college students.
Students with laptops will also have access to the Internet.
In addition, they will be able to use e-mail to 'speak ' with their teachers, classmates, or families.
However, the most important part of the program is that students will be able to use computers without going to computer labs.
There are some impacts on undergraduates's life and learning.
Some college students spend a lot of their spare time on playing computer games which is harmful to their study.
The main task of students is to study hard.
Personally, laptop has a lot of benefits for college students, for example, it can facilitate us to collect information.
When we want to do a special project, but lack of information, as long as we are surfing the internet by laptop, we can immediately find a lot of data which will help us a lot.
At the beginning of the movie, Da tong let Dennis apologize to paul because Dennis fight with paul.
In order to let Dennis say sorry, he hits Dennis in public and I think he wants to show his respect to his boss.
Afterwards, Dennis cries to his mother and said he refuses to apologize because the boy called Da tong stupid.
The situation makes the American so strange and American wouldn't hit their children in public.
This is deep cultural difference between nation and nation, I think American law play an important role in protect children.
And because of the distance from the school are very far, or many parents are very busy.
So, many students live in school.
Some people are support of it.
In their attitudes, they think this can solve many problems and save many times.
Their children also can achieve great protection from school.
However, other people don't think so.
They think these children loss the control of their parents, and have too much freedom.
As far as I can see, nowdays children most are only child.
When they live in home, they can not achieve great help with busy parents.
But when they live in school, they have many friends , classmates and teachers.
They can ask for help to them.
They also can get great control by teachers.
Every time , when I meet this condition, I usually respect another opinions.
For example, when I meet some hard problems in study .
In my opinion, however, these two views are certainly can be negative, the key depends on their own outlook on life, their attributed towards things, if you are a optimistic positive rational person, believe that love will is a good thing, but if both sides is very pessimistic, or negative life attitude, then fall in love really can interfere with one's study.
Therefore, we should keep optimistic attitude towards life, with optimistic, rational thinking should be learn to face and love.
and we can't get rid out of it .
students do their school assignments by it .
However .
Rely too much on computer , which has seveal problems .
rationality, and deal with it corretly .
is harmful for our health .
Talking about the fashion of this time is always my favorite thing to do with my friends.
It is a new style of TV show which choose the best singer of China.
The judge just listen to the song without looking at the appearance of the singer.
They only have a audition first.
If they think that they find out the voice they appreciate, they would turn their chairs back to the performance stage.
In my view, the idea of ths TV show is wonderful and evryone has an equal chance to be a singer singing on the stage whatever you are a teacher doctor or worker.
There are quite a lot students thinks it useful to get online.
The reasons is as follow.
First, we can easily get information with the internet search engine and this new learning way makes it possible to learn at any where or time.
Internet is just like a window which leads us to learn about the developmomental world and broaden our horizons .
Of course, it is usually used to communicate and share things with friends.
Meanwhile, the other students keep a different opinion.
They considered staring at the screen is harm for our eyes .
In fact, many students are addicted to chatting and their playing too much computer games takes up their study time so they usually can't get good marks at school.
Surfing on the Internet is a waste of time and energy.
In my opinion, apparently, it is wrong to judge whether Internet is wholly good or not.
A thing must have its advantage and disadvantage.
The Spring Festiv is one of the most important time to every Chinese.
We have a big dinner at my our home.
Some people think that do not help parents do housework but i think we should help parents do the housework , parents work every day after a very hard to go home to cook, so we should try to help parents do more housework do not let parents involved.
Some of them which support to get online hold the view that it's necessary for high school students to get online frequently.
They thought getting online can help us to access the knowledge and broaden our horizons.
Besides, we can exchange the thoughts and share the interseting things which happened these days with our close classmates.
On the other hand, others didn't think it's good to get online.
They believed that it will be bad for eyes if we spend too much time on getting online.
In addition, it's easy to fall in playing games and chatting.
In my opinion, it's a good and bad thing.
It can not only help us with the homework but also let us depend too much on it.
The most important thing is that we should try our best to use the Internet regularly.
He insisted that the elevation of excitement of the soul be the poetical principle.
Chinese people place great value to relationship, while westerns tend to the more realistic.
During recent years, the opinions about the life of university are seriously.
Some students think they should study hard and hard.
They think academic performance is still very important though we are university students.
Another part of students think communication ability is more important than knowledge.
As far as I'm concerned, both of them are very important.
It's real that only having a good academic performance can we find a good job, but we still should have a good ability of academic performance so that can we do the job better.
Among the European countyies, my dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
Switzerland is a developed country in Europe, situated in central Europe.
It measures forty-one thousand square kilometres and has a population of seven million and five hundred thousand.
Berne is the capital and third largest city of Switzerland and Geneva is the world famous city.
About half of my classmates hold supportive attitudes to getting online frequently, They have got more known more since they the first time they used the Internet, The explainations, pictures of the animals or machines broaden their horizons, The computes are also used to communicate with their friends, classmates or families.
But don't all the classmates support to get online frequently, In terms of health, getting online is bad for our eyes.
In addition, a part of the students can't stop them from chatting online or play games which are attractive.
In my opinion, The Internet is a wonderful tool for us to study, but sometimes it influences us badly, We are lucky because we have access to use the Internet, We'd better use the Internet scientifically.
The American writer Mark Twain once said, I can live for two months on a good compliment.
Cite examples from your experience , observation, or reading to support your ideas.
Have you listened the fable titled The Ant and the Grasshop.
Acroding to all the reasons, we can find many solution.
Secondly, We should take in to do more useful things to enrich ourselves.
On the one hand, we can find the best in ourselves.
I'm Vickey.
Now I want to tell you something about my life in Beijing during Spring Festival.
First, I often study and communicate with my Chinese friends and I play sports with them, too.
Besides, I have went to the historical sites and scenic spots, watched the Peking Opera, tried the tasty food, known about Chinese histories.
I love my Chinese friends and I love my life in Beijing.
In today's society, is facing many social phenomena.
Many people think lifted it up worryied that he will stick to his own, Obviously do good also slandered feel that they can not accept.
Therefor, many people not welling to help and don't want to help.
It is said that knowledge is power.
It is so easy to answer this question, which I think the pupils have cognized.
To be frank, we have been learning many the proverbs about the advantage of reading books.
It is known to us that schools all over the world all have libraries containing paper book and e-book in which we can find a various kinds of books which range over every field.
Nevertheless, only a little part of us make full use of them.
Most people would rather be busy in doing some other things, such as making friends, making money, surfing internet or shopping, than finding a interesting book to gain some knowledge.
In England, some magical book with a particular int has been created.
It is said that if you do not read it immediately, you will find that the book has been blank.
This kind of book is invented for those who always do not have time to read books.
My English name is Cindy.
I am 15 years old.
l am a senior high school student.
My new school is bigger than my old school, and the playground is smaller than my old school.
My favourite activity when l was in first grade is Chinese, because it's very simple.
She is a kind old lady.
one day , I go to a bookstore, I found a book named Ruth.
now , Now I'm a grown-up, We have to learn to be independent, Learn a person's life, The great success of the men said to loneliness.
  If you think you can .
the well-known saying which my friend always say.
Sometimes , when trouble comes people always wanna escape at first .
When i was 11 years old my english is really poor so that l can't have a good ranking .
Regardless of these time we still have a lot of free time.
I decided to go to the university called Saint Martin's which in America for culture communication, it is worth going there, even if I could hardly understand what they say, I will still learn a lot, for example the food in America, the traditional of America and so on.
Because I can help many unabled.
They want to keep screts just like we were young.
On the other hand, books borrowed from libraries or other people should be well kept.
All in all, reading should be done as much as we can.
In today's condition , the society needs a more thoughtful generation to support .
But , the condition of 90's isn't very well.
Of course they face a more compitytive society.
But it also can causes a more lightful future.
The other peopels' opnion also cause us fell upset .
the people who think 90's lack the coolporation and also easy to give up what they real wanted And what's more are self centred.
But I should say we also have a advantage that is willing to have adventure.
so please everyone please clap you hand for this .
The idea of me is we just have a little problem that we are too comfortable to understand the difficuit we need to confront .
Very hard though the work is, the hobby is essential.
Good morning everybody.
My name is B.
It's my great honour to stand here to give you a short speech.
I have a dream that one day every vally shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together.
I'm sure everyone has a dream of his own.
When I was a child, I wanted to be a policewoman.
As the time goes by, I had considered becoming a doctor.
But now I'm just a postgraduate student learning nothing about my childhood dream.
The changing world seems to tell me that people gradually get their dreams lost somehow in the process of growing up, and sometimes I personally find myself saying goodbye unconsciously to those distant childhood dreams.
Without dream, we will fall aimless and depressed.
They nourish our spirit; they represent possibility even when we are dragged down by reality.
I think the successful people are just the ordinary people who are not afraid to think big and dare to be great.
When we were little kids, we all dreamed of doing something big and significant.
Don't let the nameless fear confuse the eye and confound our strong belief of the future.
My dear friends, think of your old and maybe dead dreams.
I think the dream is not only the career you want to be, but also the life you want to enjoy.
In today's society, everyone is eager for success.
-ieve success.
In history, with strong will often be successful.
Gou Revival, for example, only to recover the more the country, Edison has a one percent talent, have to pay 99 percent perspiration to inventing the light bulb.
My favorite place is the reading room at the school.
It is a good place for students to stay.
The books in the reading room have word from different aspects, such as the books about histories, arts, geographies, literatures and even math, physics, chemistry, PE and so on.
I read word and magazines there because they not only provide me with much knowledge but also help me learn about what is happening around the world.
I can also relax myself in the peaceful environment there.
For me, the reading room is my favorite place at the school.
Love makes our life more color, makes our life has infinite possibility.
In our daily life, there are many things about love.
Therefore, the love is like air, Let us feel from more happiness.
I would like to treat the family friends, let them feel the love.
Once More To The Lake By E.
The sudden change of diction and tone and the unexpected ending make the closing paragraph of Once More to the Lake by E.
I am giad to haer that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
She teach us machs, too.
she had first impression on me deeply.
she isstrict with us.
she often asks us to mark our mistakes with red pens.
she checks our note books once a week.
And she often appreciate my classmates who do well in our tasks .
when I asks her probiems, she is always patient with me.
what is more, I am fond of her attitude to teaching styie.
Nowadays, more and more students are lack of confidence on campus.
It seems that it's a small problem, actually, it's dangerous.
Firstly, the studing shows that we can be in good emotions through physicial exercise regularly, so taking exercises can help improve our self-confidence.
Secondly, we should take part in all kinds of activities actively, because activities can enrich our life.
The computer is a wonderful machine, and it plays an essential role in our life.
On the one hand, some people use the computer to make computer crimes, and make people work unusually.
On the other hand, it is bad for your eyes to use the computer long time.
Finally, it is our duty reduce the computer problems.
I'm16 years old.
I'm a student.
This is my school day.
I get up at half past five and have breakfast on the way to school.
I go to school by bus.
In the morning.
I have four lesson.
But among them i have rest time.
I usually play basketball with the student higher then me.
I go home at half past five.
Almost of them go back home.
But I usually play basketball.
I think diligence can make up for lack of intelligence.
I do my homework at seven c'clock.
Now, in the college a lot of students are late and leave eariliy.
What's more, some students don't go to classes .
These things make us suprise.
As a college' student, we should obey the school rules.
Because it is our duty .
If we want to be a great stuent , we should obey these rules .
The result is that these rules make us not do something wrong.
So we should obey them.
As a student we should go to class on time and study hard.
For our future, our present play an improtant part.
So let us study hard and have a great college life.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, I am interested in English.
When I speak English fluently, I feel very happy.
Secondly, I am aware of the importance of English.
As we all know, English make we communicate with others fluently.
Last but not least, I can know many foreign culture when I learn English.
This helps me enlarge my horizon.
But the word observation means the act of watching somebody or something carefully for a period of time, especially to learn something.
  He paints not what he sees, but what he feels, what he tells himself about what he has seen.
Although the blind man cannot see the world through his eyes, he can feel it through hands, ears, legs and other body organ.
Secondly, we must keep our eyes open.
When I see those people in the picture , i feel so sad , because they are so thin , and they look so pain .
I think why their parents gave birth to them .
They are so painful.
If we have ability , i think we can give them help , all of us are people, we should help people who is in trouble .
I went to Beijing at the age of six.
It's my first trip.
Beijing is the capital of China.
It a beautiful city.
First day, we went to the Imperial Palace.
It's very gorgeous and big.
It's the centre of Beijing.
There are a lot of tall buildings in Beijing.
I think this trip is perfect.
If there is an opportunity, I well go there again.
Recently, there is a heated discussion about whether private car owners should be taxed for pollution.
Some regard it as effective way to control the number of cars and reduce pollution in the city.
Others don't agree to be taxed for pollution because of some reasons.
In terms of this discussion, I hold the first view.
I think it is necessary to tax for pollution.
Firstly, putting a pollution tax  on private cars, to a certain degree, will reduce the number of private car.
Because it increases the cost of car, people may consider it expensive and don't want to buy a car.
secondly, some people really have to buy a private car, however, because of the pressure of private car's pollution tax, they will choose to buy a car which has the low emmision level.
Or, sometimes they may take public transportation.
Above all, it's reasonable to tax private car owners for pollution.
Although it brings unconvenience to someone, it is really a good way to solve the environmental problem.
It is beautiful and has many green trees like spring, which matches its name.
I live in Shenyang, Liaoning, one of the northeast cities of China as well as Changchun.
Therefore, I can adapt to the new city as soon as I can.
Sometimes the morning is so cold while at noon it gets so hot.
Also we are able to communicate with a large number of native English speakers through QQ or MSN and develop new, unforgettable friendships, which is a great chance for us to improve both our oral English.
What's more, online learning removes the visual barriers that hinder us from sharing our thoughts and we are given time to reflect on the information before replying.
Generally speaking, new technology allows us to take on a magic adventure in the online world.
In my opinion the first of all teachers shouid be rich in knowledge, and strict but very friendly.
Good teacher do not means liking to give students a lot of tests.
Good teachers should talk to students as much as possible.
I think my teacher is very kind and patient, and they teach very clearly.
with the development of city and country, more and more people in country in order to have more money to work in the cities without their old parents and children.
In my opinion, the left-behind children  are very poor, each year they just have a little time together with their parents.
I think we can organize volunteers to visit them on the regular times .
On New Year's Eve, my family members got together to have a big and delicious dinner and then watch TV.
Till the 12o'clock, we ate jiaozi because it means healthy and you can keep alive in a long time.
Afther having ate jiaozi, we went out to play fireworks.
Because of my happiness, I stayed up all night.
When the next morning come, I got some money from my parents.
On the day of July 14, 2012, I boarded a train to Beijing.
I'd never go to the capital, and were very eager to go to Beijing, as the journey should be very pleased.
Nevertheless, I was very depressed.
Because I get separated from others.
and the teacher did not aware of there lost a student until I found the team with the help of a conduct.
When we finally arrived at the destination only to be told to live in the basement.
And I was assigned to the Catering Departent.
We had conducted a serious of training.
As how to fold the napkin, and how to set the table in professional standards, the correct usage of the tray, the different usage of various tableware and a variety of knowledge about etiquette, etc.
I gradually began to like catering service.
In addition to professional konwledge.
I also learned a lot of other things.
Thkans to this work I was able to come into contract with a variety of people.
It is very useful to in dealing with the relationship between people in the future.
More important for me is that I knew an example of following.
What she had taught me is the wealth of my life.
In the morning, I am visiting the Palace Museum.
It was valuable cultural relics.
I don't like reading, but I read a lot of thought.
One day, I read a book.
I read the book name  TEASING  , it is the Berenstain Bears series.
I think brother bear is good.
Though he teases siter bear, but when he tased by others, sister bear is happy.
We don't make fun of others, and don't teases others.
It is not good.
My name is Z.
I am 21 years old.
I graduated X teacher collage, I major in English education and I want to get a job as an English teacher.
I like English and children.
In the last we can held some active to past the day.
for example, we could go to the moutant.
We else could eat double-ninth cakes.
Now, we are used to travel around.
We help old men solve their problem.
I think this behave is very good.
I'm L, monitor of Class one, Grade Eleven.
As the weather in Tianjin is getting colder, it would be better if you can take some warm clothes with you.
When it comes to our class, I'm proud to tell you that we are in harmony with each other and everyone is ready to help others.
Three years ago, I went to Tibet in summer with my parents and my younger sister.
We spent two days on the way by train.
It was a long journey but it's not bored.
My first impression of Tibet was that sky is very blue and air is fresh.
When I arrived, Ihad a little headache and so unfortable that I even can't breath at first day.
Then we visited many places of scenic spot, especially the Namtso Lake.
In Tibet, I atelots of foods and I think the most delicious food is the snack of Tibet.
Thank you very much for your letter and the inclosed literature on Thursday 7 July.
Today is a fine day and it's my grandma's birthday.
I get up early and then have breakfast.
Because I believe the early bird catches the worm.
At nine, I get to my grandparents' dwelling.
When I see my grandma does housework I go there to trust her.
The sun is fatigue so he falls slowly.
Friendship mabe the most important thing in our life.
One day, I showed a new watch to my best friend.
The watch is very pretty and I like it very much.
I was very angry and I lost his temper with him.
Under the watch I found a not which said:  I'm so sorry to broke your watch, I hope you don't mad at me, I don't want to lose you.
I said sorry to him and we were closer than before.
Now I'd like to tell some of the problems occured and I put them into 5 factors.
First of all, there's so rapidly a population growth that the resources are running out.
After that, It's a great waste of energy with the over-developement in some areas.
As the population grows, water becomes less and less.
Also, air pollution makes us difficult to breathe.
There are really a lot of problems and I will offer some advices.
We should pay more attention to saving resources in order to protect the environment.
In my opinions, occupying seats substantially benefits us and meets the demand of fierce competition.
Nowadays, many people think the dressing is important for us, especially at working.
If you are an office worker, you should wear the suit.
If you are a doctor, you should wear the white gown.
If you are a shop owner, you can wear dress you like.
I think we must wear the formal dressing in office because it can give the customers a good impression.
It may make you professional, and the customer can believe what you said.
The customers can tell the attitude from your dressing.
But if we are not an office worker, we can wear the dressing which is comfortable.
Because the formal dressing is not suit for the freelancer, we can not wear it.
If we have the important time or customer, we should wear the formal dressing to express the respect for him or her.
As is known to us, smile is the best gift that the God give us.
Therefore , in our daily life we should make full use of smile to increase the happiness of human.
With the high speed development of our economy, our life quality increase, but the conversation between us is becoming less and less.
atmosphere.
The second thing, when we smile to others, we also can harvest many things, such as: happiness.
In a word, smile as an universal language plays an important role in our daily life.
We talk about what we cannot afford to lose, yes, when facing this problem.
I asked not a few students about this , their answers vary from person to person, such as health .
belief.
friend curiosity.
interest.
time.
right person.
last train home .
So what do you think about teachers' ethics.
In brief, teachers' ethics is a kind of behavior or rule to adjust the students and knowledge.
It is a kind of repution morals, kind of the general social ethics in education and growth of children.
But nowadays, a lot of teachers fail to observe it, especially in primary school.
I am a victim of it, when I was in grade one at my primary school, that it was dim morning , which i remembered it very clearly.
I feel a strong sense of difference.
just like Yan Hongyan, a very famous primary school teacher, she was well-known for multreat, the little child of her class was treated with great cruelty.
I think everything should be fixed now, and for this everybody should contribute a lot, now if you want to be a teacher, on one hand, you must learn more to enlarge your knowledge, in case your students put some strange, on another hand.
pass the college entrance examination .
I'm pround of her, she loves me all the time whatever is happening.
if i do something wrong she will be generous about me.
New years, the 2014 came to this world.
New class begin go on, I'm very happy, because Englishi writing class have a new teacher.
In twenty-first century, the rapid development of economy, people's living standards improve.
people's living standard is improving but the pressure gradually increased.
The students want to test a good fraction let teachers praise let parents happy, they often study late into the midnight.
Staff in order to get paid for over time work everyday and must be carefully and less appear problem.
Some people think that we should take good care of ourselves and do our best to rest, which can make us health, or we will regret for our wreck health.
As for the work and leisure, I think we should keep the balance between work and leisure.
When you feel tied at you business, you should have a rest or listen to music to relax yourselves, which can make you be energetic.
When you feel bored in you vacation, you can go on a trip to where you want to go, which not only can make you have a good mood but you can have better efficiency to your work.
Nowadays, more and more parents don't want to send their children to school, instead to let them recive home schooling.
Some parents think study at school give their children more pressure, because they have more homework after class, and some extra lessons, make their children unhappy .
In my opinion, I prefer study at school, because study at school we can find more fun and interesting.
And I think the important reason is build up a ralationship with other students, we should communicate with other students.
You also can learn how to help others.
What network communication to people is what sunshine to grass.
However, when it comes to the pros and cons of network communication, different people has different ideas.
Therefore when Bella told me that she got a Ph.
Therefore I said to her impatiently: I think it's good enough, please stop being so picky.
Though many of our local companies go out of business in the dash of the advanced technologies, we could learn from the developed countries and improve ourselves .
Today, there are more students and teachers who are taking the online course .
Online course not only conwenient, but also has enrich resource supply us study.
Online course let many students or other plepeo can learning more knowledge which are not pay and can't study .
We can convenient seek our we want with online course.
Use online course can rapid contact with teacher, and not direct go to find teacher.
In my opinion , i agree with online course .
Nowadays, there are some people like to show wealth on the internet.
For example, they bought brand clouths or bags.
Where thy went to travel.
What automoile they drive.
The Apple Watch, iphone6s, which are follow the trend update.
People have different views on this phenomenon, some one think it is personal pursuit, I would like to share my things with others, it does not your business.
However, somebody thinks displaying wealth on the internet unnecessary.
You displayed what others have not, it easy to bring pressure with oters.
As far as I am concerned, everyone has private freedom to display something on the internet, as long as it is suitable.
If someone display the luxurious pictures on the internet every day.
People will get bored obviously.
Study should be no national border.
our students more choice study abroad when they finish The university entrance exam.
I get it too .
However, studies shows that it brought many problems.
For instance, the teaching facilities and accomodation capacities of many colleges are limited and are unable to meet the demand for the enrolled students.
In the long run, competiion among graduates grow more bitter and bitter, the supply of university graduates exceeds social demand.
As a result, putting much pressure on transporation, housing sanitation, education, employment and so on.
Thus could result in violence and crime.
To solved the problem, I think the government is expected to implement lows and regulations to limit the exceedingly growing of the urban populaion.
In spite of all this, I am still believe that the intake expansion is of great benefit to our society.
For example, our country can keep up with the need of the job market to culiviated more qualified people to take up the jobs.
Secondly, the expansion has entitled many high school graduates to the right of receiving higher education.
I received you letter.
You almost have no friends.
You had classes or went on line at home every day, I also know you feel so lonely.
I miss you.
I want to introduce Switzerland whichi is the developed country that I appreciate most.
First of all, switzerland is located in the central of Europe, about 41 thousand kilometres.
As we all know, Switzerland is surrounded by Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
And then, Berne, the capital of Switzerland, which is the third largest city of Swirtzerland.
Anyway, Switzerland which is called the world's garden  has beautiful scenery here and there.
The most attractive thing is that it's watches, chemistry and food industry is advanced.
Through chatting, we can change our thoughts and perfect our personality.
As we know, English is used in more occasions.
More and more people communicate in English, therefore study English ie important for us.
If we want to succeed in getting bachelor's degree form university, there is no doubt that we must pass the CET4.
Thursday's writing class, teacher and we played a blind draw pigs game.
The teacher put a picture of pig paper posted on the blackboard.
We divided the students into two groups, the game draws pigs.
Draw pigs are blindfolded with an eye mask.
Each draw a part, one by one.
Because blindfolded, so listen to the next crew tips.
Finally, we set up a cartoon pig; look really pretty and Q.
we are very pleased with the.
This game let me to experience the life is not easy.
Nowadays, more and more new words have been created on the Internet.
When you surf on the Internet, you can notice many fresh words you have never seen.
Such as'geili'.
On one hand, this phenomenon is a develop of culture, on the other hand, it is the retrogress of Chinese traditional culture.
Beyond that, you can find many idioms have been distorted.
Although these fresh words made people felt fun, this may also lead a wrong attitude to people.
I have seen a report said that a girl who is a primary school student.
She failed her exam because she wrote the idiom in the form of the Internet.
This affair makes me think a lot.
People who created these new words to make fun and the net friends also make a joke of it.
As far as I am concerned, I don't think it is a good phenomenon to distort the idioms and create new words.
China is an ancient country.
Also China has its own traditional culture.
Nowadays, more and more new words are showed on the Internet.
As a teenager, what we could do is to stop its spread and broadcast our Chinese traditional culture.
Although the fresh words made us happy, we should also remember the national culture.
At that time, I was very sad and felt sorry.
As a saying goes, life is like a journey with an unknown destination.
Recently a growing number of fresh granduates find that being empioyed by a decent employer is increasingly difficult.
So somepepole consived companies shuold encourage high level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities to new generantion.
But I not really disagree with this opinion.
By the advence of medical technology people have a more and more health life, so they can do much more work than in the past.
In the next place , our country has already entered an aging society, the proportion of the elderly population is also growing.
Thirdly, the high age employees have better experience and training for their job than the new generantion.
I feel very good when I attend college for the first time.
I suppose that I'll have much free time.
The time gradually lose.
I find it difficult to make my dream come ture, because of joining in the Student's Union.
From then on, many things cling me.
Sometimes, I will take a deep breathe.
I will make a loud voice where no people here.
On the other hand, I have learned some methods that how to communicate well with teachers and classmates.
I also comfort myself that I'm tired all time, but I do some exercise and have become stronger.
Hello, my name is W, i come from X, a contemporary, beautiful city.
I'm a lovely girl.
This is the first time to Y.
It was a long journey, i spent two days to arriving here.
The train was slow, and here was no bed, just a set.
I couldn't have a good sleep.
So, when I came to ChangChun, I felt tired and sleepy.
Now, the college life begin, compared with the high school life, it is interesting.
I not only meet more friends, but also take part in more activities.
As for my study, I'm not good at English.
But I believe that if you try your best, everything can be done well.
In the end, I will adapt to the new environment quickly.
Some people remain poor state in distant mountainous of our country .
Children are not much money to go to school on time, and earthquake voicain and so on bring many diffculties and disaters .
Because people are not save nature resources and break the develop balance , which cause the volcain typhoon earthpuake break out .
In my opinion , we should help these poor and have diffculties people out and provide many foods clothes and books to them .
As we all know, drug problem has become one of the problems that people pay more attention to.
In my cognition, drugs are slow poisons which hurt people's bodies and make them be drug addicts.
It was reported that many Chinese stars were arrested and sentenced because of taking drugs.
Exposed by the media, they were discussed passionately in social life.
In China, public figures, like stars, must be right-minded, positive and moral.
People can't ignore a little darkness of their humanity.
But it is not the biggest difference.
Hollywood stars often confess that they love drugs.
They treat their behavior as a fashion.
It may be called no drug, no star.
At the new year party in Miami in 2009, there were ranks of cocaine and marijuana, scattering everywhere.
People looked crazy and they enjoyed the free atmosphere like in carnival.
Besides, people always found stars to smoke marijuana or take cocaine in nose.
Obviously, it was not fresh for them to take drugs.
Kate.
Moss, the supermodel, was exposed to take drugs.
In my opinion, drugs are more dangerous than people know.
In our country, we were imparted knowledge about banning drugs as we were children.
Drugs are illegal in China.
The legalization of anti-drugs can severely attack drug traffic and preserve people's profits.
It is said that Qu Yuan drowned himself in the Miluo River, and passed away by the dragon's trapping.
People boated to rescue him, but couldn't get a result.
World sorrow and throwed rice dumpling into the river to chase the dragon to memory him.
For thousand of years, the festival has been commemorated by eating rice dumpling and racing dragon boats.
My family is on the south of China, we eat rice dumpling on that day, too.
People all make rice dumpling themselves that day and the young men race dragon boat in my hometown, there's always crowd sightseers on the lake-shore that day.
You just need such leaves and rice to make rice dumpling, then cook it an hour, it means you can enjoy it when you feel a sweet smell from it.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a historic day in our life.
Such as shopping online is much more convenient in that it can't expend time to shopping in the malls .
Internet can provide choose online shopping can get something cheap .
But shopping online brings a lot of disadvantages.
After all, every coin has two sides .
First of all, reading provides us with a platform where we are able to have a chat with giants and the extraordinary historical figures.
Their success, failure, or meaningful experiences accummulated in their books, which in turn comes into our treature.
Moreover, books cover a wide range of knowledge.
As a consequence, there's no denying that they are absolutely necessary approaches to broaden our horizon.
In addition, it is reading that motivates our ability of thinking, learning and comprehension.
In brief, the demand of reading is in our blood, thus having no possibility of being replaced.
When I graduated from the University, I want to find one I learned the profession related work.
In fact the designer's work is very relaxed, I can drink coffe while work in computer designs.
So many people want to have this job, one can imagine my future work will be let others envy.
Nowadays, more and more people are busy doing the work.
For example, when we are having lunch, playing, sleeping, playing computer games and so on.
However, we must do lots of things what it is significant things.
In addition, many people have a rather acute sense of the shortness of each lifetime and they want every minute to count.
We know  no pain no gain,  At the same time, we should come on and let our life become very beautiful.
Different people have different thinking.
In a word, it is important to make full use of the time.
Nowadays, The Internet is used more and more widely.
More and more people, especially young people.
They communication with QQ , MSN and Weixin.
Every coin has two sides.
The advantage is that we can save time, make our communication more efficient.
The disadvantage is that we can not see real people.
It is easy to be deceived.
AT the same time, we will ignore the face to face communication with friends and our parents.
I agree with the latter opinion.
In a word, it should be noted that we should take strong actions to prevent young people.
We are students in college.
Every day, we take the lessons, acquire much knowledge.
As if we have learned many useful things every day.
Which is important, knowledge or morality.
Most of us may think that we should concentrate on our study.
But it's not true.
Morality is more important than knowledge.
But many college students don't really concentrate on it.
They who don't want to study hard only make every means to pass the final exam.
They spent lots of time playing computer games, singing songs in KTV and so on.
So they haven't thought about the morality.
According to most of us, we can infer that on the one hand, we are busy preparing for our final exam.
In a word, we should focus on the morality.
We are now living in an information age, in which TVis widely used.
With the development of science and technology, TV programme is a wide variety in our lives.
My favourite subject is history all the time, so I like that about history of TV programme.
I can understand more things about history on TV.
For example, it tells us some thing concerning former human beings' life, work and emotion, I also have a good command of the long history of China and so on.
I think through the TV can more vivid and easier to understand history.
Chinese mandarin has a long history in the world.
As the economic development, many people's lifestyle have changed.
Those people are weak.
For example, in the modern day, many people adopt a sedentary lifestyle.
They play video games and watch television while sitting, they travel while sitting, and they even work sitting.
The sedentary lifestyle will cause many problems, such as obesity and heart disease.
There are many ways to keep a healthy lifestyle.
Firstly, we should do many exercises, such as long-distance running, swimming, play basketball.
You should make a plan to you training.
Secondiy, you need a good Eating habits.
You do not pick the food.
Especially, do not forget to eat the breakfast.
Thirdly, you need enough time to go to sleep.
The lifestyle has relations with the health.
During the gloomy war, Fascists declared and waged a war against the U.
I'm firmly convinced that  let us redouble our exertions , and strike with united strength while life and power remains.
It is common for students in high school to wonder the meaning of college education.
College is a time of growth and expansion, which is one of the most essential meanings of college.
For one thing, students grow and expand when seeking knowledge and developing themselves.
In many high schools of China, classes are divided into two sorts, Liberal Arts and Science, which makes students spend the whole high school years studying on just one sort.
However, the departments of Liberal Arts and Science in college are nicely planned to make students of any majors achieve full development.
For another, students grow and expand when living with others, independent from parents's spoiled love.
College life make students grasp how to deal with others and to be independent, which will play an important role in later social life.
In China, most families have only one child, so Chinese parents cherish their children so much that they rather dedicate all for their babies.
That is why spoiled love can be found in most Chinese families.
However, this sort of love can never benefit children.
The talents our society need are not the immature ones but ones with strong independence.
Our club is very interesting, funny and valuable.
You can choose someone who you like.
In this club, you will know different people, do different things.
You can play with each other, you can say joke, read book, have some interested idea.
This is your school life.
It is known that mobile phones are playing a more and more important role in our daily life.
We can easily see people use mobile phone to watch TV , play games and surf the Internet and so on when they take a bus or walk.
Most people can not have an access to mobile phone past so that mobile phone wasn't very important to people.
Nowadays, various kinds of media have been developed, people's shopping via media are quite common.
Media and shopping to bring convenience to people, but also bring many problems.
Media and shopping for me, it has both advantages and disadvantages, First of all, Has the advantages of convenient remain within doors for business save time and Save considerable advertising costs and expenses, secondly choose large species many real supermarket shopping goods.
But the media shopping also have a big disadvantage, Honesty and credit is the biggest problem, Network deception of false advertising have occurred from time to time, fraud malicious have occurred, In spite of this media shopping charm so that people couldn't resist the temptation to it.
First of all, for consumers: first, can be in the home shopping  , without time limit orders; the second, a lot of goods to obtain more information, you can not buy local goods; third, the online payment than the traditional cash payment more secure, to avoid lost or was robbed of cash; third, from ordering, door-to-door without buying the goods in person at the scene, is both time and effort.
A bad teacher is just the opposite, he doesn't seem to care about the students enough.
However, forgiving my rudeness to whom I define as bad teachers  , in my opinion.
We can see from this picture there is a father talking to his son .
The boy said to his father: Dad, I am a bit worried about disposing of nuclear weapon.
From this dialogue we can know the father want to tell his son we should start from doing small things.
If we want to do some great things, those small things is basis.
The air pollution is very heavily recently.
We can't completely clear it, but we can avoid use the private cars to reduce the air pollution.
For our English learn, everyone can't learn English very well in a flash.
If we want to write a composition, we must remember thousands of words.
As a college student, it is important to know the importance of doing small things.
But a few seconds passed, when I almost thought that she didn't hear me, she raised her head and said weakly, I have a stomachache.
  Maybe I you should drink some hot water, it'll make you feel better.
  Well.
  Yes.
It's better now.
Most students choose to live in student dormitory.
Because they believe the benefits of collective life, of course, there are many people not agree with this view.
Some students are in favor of the idea of living in the dormitory.
There are many reasons, such as students must be responsible for their own action in dormitory life, and they also need to learn to manage their time and take their daily lives.
However, other people hold an opposite viewpoint.
They think living a family life is a good choice.
The promble on campus I want to say is most College Students are pay less and less their attention to their study.
Most students are devote most of their energy and time to these acctivities so that they don't have enough time studying.
Personally speaking, this is unwise.
Students should put study at fisrt place.
The author mainly tells us, the thing we thought we have already known can be strange as it were.
  I think so, when I really did read the same book 3 to 4 times during my holiday.
And each time I open the book and learn it, it gives me the different feeling.
Thousands of the facts showed us that every minute is unique.
Today I am I, but I am not the yesterday's naughty girl any more.
So do the other things.
No matter what on earth they are.
technology, it's a new form of the grass-roots culture.
It's a language which is convenient and fast to use, too.
However, the oppositions think that some of the cyber language is rude and vulgar.
And Chinese is the basis of traditional culture.
In my opinion, cyber language has both advantages and malpractices.
Winter is coming.
It means that the weather will become cold.
Before the winter we have many things to do.
People will wear thick clothes against the cold.
And animals prepare the food that they will eat in the winter.
Some animals will sleep in the whole winter.
This year, I cannot stay at home before the winter.
I came outside to the University.
My parents are not available before the winter, so I must take care well of myself.
Of course, I must study hard.
People are not being busy.
Some people think that society appeared many examples of this, a man of high school culture is looking for a high salary, security work will be difficult.
Many companies choose degree high priority, so Years of university education and high level of education has become the necessary qualification of employment.
Others people do not agree with this views.
For one things, Education isn't everything, People think that didn't test the university, there is no achievement in the future, this is a wrong view.
As long as their hard work, there is n o cannot do, even in the absence of higher education.
For another things, Nowadays, having highly educated with high degrees of reading, while ignoring the social practice ability, can only be an armchair strategist, eventually will be eliminated by the society.
My name is X.
With the longing of designing beautiful clothes for people, Li Hua would rather be a fashion designer.
Chang Lili enjoy being a gardener, the reanson is that she is crazy about plants and has a nice dream to make our city more beautiful.
Ma Kai, who has a great imagination, wants to be a writer, because he feel like sharing excellent stories with others.
For the reason of the desire to cook healthy food, Sun Jun would like to be a cook.
However, every coin has two sides.
Blog, of course, is the same and there also exists some problems about it.
Thank for you take the time to read my letter.
The contest in our college is coming.
I wish that I can invite you to be our judge in the test.
The preliminary contest will be held in the No.1 teaching building in the room 203 on Mar.31th at 8 o'clock to 10 o'clock.
First .
Good relative are betterto get a good job.
Second , you can read the classified on the newpapers which offer the information of job openings.
Third, you can register in the recruitment agency for help.
At last , you also can make use of the Internet.
Firstly, English become popular, as a student, we should follow the step of the society.
Secondly, English is a foreign language, by studying it, we can learn more useful things, such as foreign culture, foreign traindition.
Also, we can improve our skill of communication.
With the environmental problems becoming more and more serious, people begin to pay more attention to protecting the environment.
Low-carbon lifestyle is a manner in which people live to save resources and protect our earth.
Trees are split exccessively.
Resources are used without restriction.
Much CO2 causes global warming .
Therefore, people realise it's high time that we took actions to cope with these problems.
So, we advocate low-carbon lifestyle.
As a college student, we should also take our own responsibilities.
We may as well persuade our friends and relatives into living in a low-carbon lifestyle.
Specificly, remenber to turn off the lights when you are the last one to leave the room.
Recycle using papers and water to saving resources.
Eat green food.
And we should avoid wasting.
Nowadays, everyone living in someone else's care.
But some students lack awareness of gratitude.
Most family have only one child.
And everything has been planed when they were a child.
So they cannot understand the hardship of their parents.
Even some people always pay attention to the benefit more than gratitude.
First, parents should educate their children learn to be grateful.
I am Z, the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.
I'm writing to invite you to do a lecture on how to improve English writing level at 9 o'clock Wednesday morning in the lecture hall of my school.
There are many problems in students' articles, which make us feel confused.
The lack of vocabulary is one of the biggest problems in writing.
Students always can't find words that can express their meaning.
In addition, grammar is also a main problem.
Students are not able to use some subordinate clauses which can make their composition more beautiful.
Because of these problems, students' composition are all in the same key and never give people surprise at the moment.
I invite you for help us improve our writing level.
Teaching us some method on how to make our compositions more perfect.
As long as the speech is about improving writing level, whatever you say on the lecture.
The life of university is colorful.
In the university, it is obvious that the college students reserving a seat in the classroom or library, the freshman hope study, so they reserving the form seat, but senior reserving the late seat.
In my opinion, we should not do this.
I think we should make sure all students can see the blackboard.
It is revealed by surveys that a great number of college students download papers from the Internet to save the trouble with doing the assignments, which arises much concern.
First and the foremost, college students themselves are the main victims.
Maybe they can profit from the dishonest behavior at that moment but not for a lifetime.
There is no doubt that their papers have anything but novel because many arguments have been discussed again and again by others.
Once found plagiarizing, to some extent, the students will be punished.
In addition, if they succeed in doing this, the students are apt to form the bad habit of being dishonest, which will mislead them in their life or ruin their life.
Furthermore, this kind of academic dishonesty also has a great bad influence on the academic field.
Apparently, something like innovation would never appear in the academic field.
From my point of view, in order to prevent this phenomenon, relevant laws should be made to tackle the college students who copy others' academic achievements.
Besides, colleges can set different incentive system to encourage students to work hard for their papers and voice their own opinions.
Dear Mr.
I am a student in this school.
I am very interested in this class.
I can speak English fluently, so it isn't difficult for me to understand what you said.
The reason why I whant to learn it is that I want to know some differences between America society and China society .
And I like the freedom life and American's lifestyle.
I hope you can consider me.
I am glad to know that you are going the fours school.
country.
It's surround by mountains.
There have a pool in its east.
then, Though there is poor, there is beautiful.
last There is lots of lovely students and a lot of kindness teachers, they are hard work.
I hope you can come.
In a Word, If you Will come, I Will happy and for you to guide.
The novel description is one year near sixty years of age senior fisherman, alone goes to sea in one fishing, fished a big fish, actually did not pull.
When I read  the senior fisherman think: here to the seacoast really was too near, perhaps could have a bigger fish in a farther place.
When I read  the big marlin start fast to gather round the young fishing boat hover, twined the cable on the mast , the old person right hand lifted up high the steel fork, leapt the water surface in it the flash, did utmost throws to its heart, one wail ended the big fish's life, it was static static floats on the water surface.
Reading likes a road, which your footprints on when you walked through.
Some will feel dizzy or tired, some will suffer from lack of sleep, and some will lose their appetite.
However, as the students, we should try our best to conquered the obstacles which we must face.
Firstly, we are supposed to make a suitable plan, it is the most important thing that what to do in the beginning.
Seconndly, learn to take a good rest.
If you go to bed early last night, you would have done a good job during the exam.
Thirdly, a hot bath and a glass of milk before sleeping may bring good fortune to our exam.
I'm fine.
The hometown has been great changes since you left here.
The life of the people is geting better and better.
We are all very happy.
In the past, the houses were small but they are big and rommy now.
Lots of people have lived in the fully equiped.
apartments.
Every home has used the telephone and bought TVs, washing machines, and fridges.
Villagers have bought tractors, trucks and cars.
They can help us to go everywhere less time.
The schools here are not bad.
Many children study in the school.
The government pay more attention to the development of villages so that we can have.
Best wishes to you.
I had a wonderful experience during this summer vacation.
But when you were on the road, you may find that there were lots of waters on it.
My name is W, jessica is my English name, which is also the name of my idol.
First of all, I like singing and doing sports in my free time.
Therefore unlike many other girls, I'm good at sports.
Swimming, skating, basketball and so on.
Besides, I want to make more friend in the college and I'd like to travel all over the world.
What's more, my dream job is being a professional translator.
Perhaps someone thinks it's difficult to study well.
But I like it.
I hope I can speak fluent English in the future.
Last but not least I am kind-hearted.
On the other hand, some people have not only a house in the city.
For example, as a worker, if you want to buy a house in Beijing or Shanghai, you can't pay for the price forever.
Another reason, the Chinese population has grown up until now.
China is the world's largest population country.
And subjective reason is about our government.
They should limit the price and they should limit the number of the house.
As for me, I am absolutely in favor of the government take measures to restrict on the price and quantity.
In addition, the land agent should make the reasonable price.
In the future, i have a small house with a garden at the suburb.many flowers and trees in the garden.
I'm also a writer, i'm writing mang stories .
all stories it's i like it.
i am a student and i have so many problems.
i must work hard at school, so i have no time to do some sports.
And we don't speak to our classmates usually.
i also have some rulers at home.
i can't watch TV at home , play computer games or listen to music .
difficult to study well.
When modern people talk about lifestyle nowadays, the low-carbon lifestyle will surely be one of the most popular words in their discussion.
Maybe you are drinking nutritious bears' bile, maybe you are tasting delicious fin, maybe you are appreciating ivory's luster.
It is universally acknowledged that the animals' skin can make us prettier, and animals' internal organs can make us healthier.
But we can't just regard on ourselves.
Human beings live together with the animals in the world.
We have the same family, that is the Earth, so we should get along with the animals.
Nowadays, the sorts of the animals are decreasing.
Furthermore, many animals are facing the extinction as a result of the fact that the human beings destroyed their family and took possession of their lands.
From my point of view, lives are all equal in value.
Recently, there are a plenty of advertisements on TV promoting the theme, No business, No killing .
That's right, if nobody wants the animals' skin, the animals will not be killed.
That's just up to us.
Human and the nature should depend on each other, and live in peace.
Every life should be respected, no matter what you are.
Animals just same with us, they have the emtion, and they can feel the pain.
If we love them, they will love us either.
Ha-ha.
Exercise is good for us to build our bodies.
There is a famous saying: Life lies on exercise.
There are a lot of change in our village since you left.
And now, not only the road is more wide, but also the villagers are all have good jobs.
In addition to these, the government built the house to us, too.
So we do not live in the old and low houses.
These houses are so beautiful and big, so many people live in this complete function's flat.
Once upon a time, the roads are muddy and narrow.
Not only in the life, but also in the education.
The government is paying attention to the education.
So the education is better and better.
zhu yingtai disguised as ment to study in Wan song academy, in the meantime, she met liang shan bo and becoming brothers.
Butterfly lovers classmate three years, but he aways did not know she is a women, only read brother affection, no special felling.
I wish father female, she had to be returned.
Liang shan bo home is very poor, when he had to go to Yingtai home to marry him, her father already marry her to a rich man.
Later he was apointed as county magistrate ranked, because he too much thoughts, and finally died.
As this time , the tomb is opened, she jumped into it.
These pollute the water and fish is becoming fewer and fewer.
Or our world will become worse and worse.
We can still do lots of things to protect our earth.
There is a PE teachers room, and a Music room on the first .
There are seven classroom on the second floor.
There are nine classroom on the third floor.
There are seven classroom on the fourth floor.
And seven Teachers room on the fourth.
Those who hold the second opinion believe that help others will let you into trouble.
It makes more and more people are afraid of helping others.
Both choose have their own reasen.
But in my opinion, I think we should help other when they in trouble.
As we all know, reading can make great effects on our growth.
Firstly, although reading makes a man have a wilder ranger of knowledge, it's just to change one's mind, not the behaviour.
Finally, so-called, practice makes perfect.
The school's newspaper wanted English editor.
This job has two main part.
Firstly, You need chose student can understand text from English newspaper, English magazine or internet.
What's more, we hope this job's staff can require some demand.
First of all, You should pleasure use your individual's time volunteer to service for students.
More over, You should good at English and art.
Graduate study, a higher learning stage is significant for you because you can get not only the new knowledge but also the ability to study.
In my opinion, the one benefit is that you can learn how to collect, analyze and interpret data.
Another is that you can get will along with others and have the ability to conflict mediation.
The last is the skill of reframing given ideas for diverse groups.
In short, benefits of a master's degres include intellectual improvement, personal development, acquisition of enhanced speaking and writing skills and networking with peers and colleagues.
First and most important, I think, is that you must learn to study by yourself.
You should learn how to read up the literature and summarize it.
Then you must learn the new knowledge and know how to use.
The other is you must improve your reading, speaking and writing skills.
In conclusion, we should make our graduate study more meaningful.
Do what you want to do and what should do.
In order to make my summer vacation meaningful, I had planned so much.
For example, finding a part-time job.
Fortunately, my mom called me back to home and told me that there was a job waiting for me.
That was to help Lisa, one of my neighbors, with her English and Math.
Every morning, I had to get up early.
To be honest, I had almost enjoyed every minute except when she didn't understand me after my times of explanation.
It just made me out of control and felt upset.
One day, I went home and told my mom something about my teaching, she gave me a lot of suggestions to let me be more patient and kind.
From then on, I find it much easier for me to let her understand me.
I had spent half of my holiday in helping Lisa with her lesson and I think not only she had learned a lot, so had I.
Last week I went to Shandong with my parents, That a great time and oppotunity for me to accompany them.
When I was in college, I only can accompany them in holiday.
I love the foods there.
We went to the beach, swam in the sea , visited the museum and May 4th square.
It's known to us after read this book, Jane Eyre's childhood wasn't filled with happiness, her parents both died, her uncle took her to his house after her parents died, when she uncle passed away, people though her aunt was a good woman, because they didn't know how she hates Jane and were cruel to her.
From that time, I promise I will do a good girl like Jane Eyre and I still think this is a long way to go.
For today's college English there are many ways to learn.
Some people think that should group learning is better.
Some people think that group learning can increase interest in learning more, we can more easily solve some problems together.
They think this way can study English well, But also some people think that not group learning is better.
It also can let's not have rely on others, and everyone can enter their best to finish my homework.
The last, I think that group learning is better, It can let's not have a kind of helpless for English, we can solve the problem together.
At present, in society often have such a phenomenon occurs: people fall down in road.
some people think that help other people is Chinese tradition civilization.
So, if people fall down, we need to help them.
But other people think that we need not to help people if do not know them.
As far as I am concerned, my think that for a civilization country, help each other still is excellent tradition culture in China.
So I advise that we should help others in need.
In the chinese traditions, children are expected to pay parents back as they grow up.
In my opinion, I don't have sure idea .
Some times I think it's not a good way to pay back our parents.
If everyone say we should pay back parents when we grow up, we will have some stress.
In our society, many parents will take care of us more and more, only because of love.
On the contrary, we should often go to see them or a chat with them.
Pay parents something is normal, but we can't have a purpose to do these things.
Last, even if our parents doesn't expect us to pay back, we also should do something for them, when they are old.
college entrance examination.
so each other deeply, you will find society each piece of people things are so beautiful, light, further inspired deep inside you touched, exerting their own expertise to go and work for the society, the country and the world service; after all, I door of all long, if people no longer foreigners.
With the developed of society, our life has become more better because of cars.
their fuel will pollute the environment.
Cars have advantages and disadvantages.
There are several things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.
First, consult your friends, relatives and neighbors, who could offer some useful information .
Second, read some classified newspaper and register with the recruitment agency.
Last and most important one is that make use of the Internet.
----.
----.
----.
It's time for question----------.
Nowadays, a reality show called The Voice Of China is becoming more and more popular.
Responding to this tendency, I have seen the program this weekend.
Most attractively , each judge sits on their chairs, giving their back to the singers.
In the process of the auditions, if they want to show their interest in a singer, they will turn the chair to face him with satisfaction.
In my case, the show is worthy to be seen cause the singers absolutely have the beautiful voice to let you lose yourself in it.
Besides, the show gives a stage to those ordinary people to show their talent.
You can see how hardworking the competitiors are and to be touched by their excitement and sadness.
I have benefitted a lot from the show because of its positive spirit and of course it can free me from my heavy homework for a while.
Titanic directed by James Gameron presents a fictional love story on the historical secting of the Titanic.
Although the ploc is simple and noncomplicated, I love this movie.
The end of the movie can be figured out within minutes of the start of the film, but the love story is an interesting one.
Early on the voyageRose meants Jack, a lover class artisc on his way to America after winning his ticket aboard Titanic in a poker game.
If he wants something, , he goes and gets it unlike the upper class who are concerned with their social worries.
The ship Titanic itself expressed a mentally during this time period in which humans felt they could overcome Mother nature.
With the character Rose, a first class passenger, you are exposed to the arrogance high society.
Rose also opened your eyes to the anxious high society had and have woman were truly trapped and were seen as second class citizens.
Titanic is one of my favourite movies.
I learn a lot from it.
Love is the best thing in the world.
However, we human much cherish Mother nature.
We should protect it.
We can know more from them and if it decided to choose it.
Nowadays, online shopping already become a fashion.
More and more people willing shopping by computer and Internet.
By this way , we can find some bargain and useful goods.
In my idea , we need online shopping , but we must careful when we shopping .
well, me parents they had to go away on business for a few days.
On the frist day when they went out I was very happy.
The next morning I Woke up late.
so I was late.
The teacher asked me for myhomework, but I could mot hand it in.
When I got home, I tried to cook some rice, but I burnt it.
Reformation of market economy, expression of multiple social benefits in political participation, development of democracy and legal system construction as well as the formation of the open and interactive space of public media all account for the rise of the independent candidates on its background level(Zhou Shubin, Tang Juan & Huang Weiping,2004).
Cao Jian and Quan Tianci, on the basis of behaviourism theory, conduct a study from the perspective of analysis on personal reason.
They claimed that these candidates can be divided into three kinds: the general public recommending themselves, high school students willing to experience democracy election, the owners wanting to protect their rights.
Despite difference in these propositions, there is a general consensus that independent candidates impact the traditional confirmation election or arrangement election in China's Local People's Congress Election.
Nowadays, many sudents pay no attention to speaking in English studying.
First, they study English in the environment where English is not the mother language.
They hardly use English when they talk to other people.
Second, many students study English just for passing exam.
They don't need to speak English in exam.
So they don't need to practice speaking English in their daily life.
Third, they are afraid of making mistakes when they speak English.
To change these situations, no thinking man would refuse to these that the teacher should encourage students to speak English more in class.
Speaking should be added to exam.
With these efforts.
With the development of computer and technology, besides spread of the internet, provide superior convenience for human's life and work.
In modern society, many accidents about the information securities are happening.
For instance, the threats of hackers and computer viruses.
In my opinion, I think there are two ways to solve the problem.
On the one hand, government plays an important role.
Government should perform the responsibilities of intensifying the supervision.
Moreover, be strict with the social web sites.
On the other hand, people should manage our privacy.
Next comes, from psychological perspective, men are interested in psychological and women are more careful or hard.
As a saying goes  Self-confidence is an indispensable part of success  .
However, in contemporary society, the competition is increasingly stiff, which needs to raise us self-confidence.
Self-confidence is the main contributor to becoming celebrity.
The first point regarding this is that we should enrich academic experience to all fields we may suffer in the future.
In an individual's study, academic experience is a key determinant of self-confidence.
So that you can not only remove the barrier for communicating with eminent person, but also can widen the gap between you and your classmates.
Besides, it can also provide you with a sense of achievement.
But, if you don't have, when it comes to various competitions in which you may not achieve on time, which is not beneficial to build up confidence.
Furthermore, keeping a positive mood is essential for us, where we may use good mood to handle with difficulties.
Certainly, there seems to have enough evidence to confirm it.
Live in frustration, you can't concentrate your mind on problems that will cause you more and more anxious, which will stifle your self-confidence.
Last but not least, practicing is also important.
Maybe, at the beginning, we may tend to be pretty green hand, but practice, eventually, makes perfect.
As we all know, our school after-school activities are really interesting and fit for high school students.
I take part in many activities.
In the club activities I do some sports; such as playing football and playing basketball.
To choose after-school activities, interests are the most important things.
If you want to gain knowledge or some skills, you should choose the activities which you really show an interest in.
In a word, the community activities actively involved, there is strong team spirit of cooperation.
By reading more books and participating in more social activities, we can broaden our horizon and equip our brains with knowledge.
We ought to keep trying hard to improve our skills, raising us to a higher level.
With the development of economy, an increasing number of students can afford cellphones.
people's opinions about whether students should be allowed to use cellphones at school or not vary from person to person.
views are divided into advantages and disadvantages: In terms of the good aspects, above all, students can get any information they want through the phone, which can enrich their knowledge and broaden the horizon.
Just the proverb goes, every garden is without weeds some disadvantages are still there.
Those who devote themselves to cellphone games might ignore the importance of education.
As far as I'm concerned, we are supposed to make the best of use of the phone.
This is the Earth.
It is one of the smallest planets in space.
We live on it already thousands of years of history.
The earth is so important for us that we can't lose it.
With the development of our economy and changing times.
There are many kinds of pollution on Earth.
Such as air pollution, light pollution and noise pollution.
In my opinion, the biggest problems of the Earth facing now is the environment pollution.
Wherever we go or inhabit , we all can see rubbish all over the streets.
The main reason is that we think for ourselves instead of for our social.
I hate this behavior, but we are aware that such behavior can not be changed within a very short time.
I hope that our planet is suitable for living and working.
Besides , I think it reasonable and needful for teachers to learn something in vogue and close to the students' lives rather than just pay close attention to knowledge related their subject .
There are many wonderful memorises in our life.
Eye-excrises should be done during that time.
But all of us ignored the sounds of it's.
And our teacher who was in charge of our class heard our noise.
He was so angry that he held up his fists without saying nothing.
The atmosphere changed instantly.
At first, there were still several students talking.
Then the noise was more and more down.
Finally, all classroom was quiet.
No one said a word.
From then on, every time we paid all attention to do eye-excrises.
I remember a teacher's real angry is very frightened.
Slience sometimes solves problems more quickly and more efficiently.
I agree with his does.
In recent years, domestic food safety is worrying .
From the news, there are a lot of illegal cooking oil in the fried food.
And it appeared the tainted milk.
Some people still take the chemical additives into food .
These problems not only make with the cost of our health and environmental pollution.
Such as the illegal cooking oil contain carcinogenic substance .
Never mind, here are some suggestions .
First of all, we should as far as possible eat outside .
After all, it is not very clean .
Second, We should go to normal on the market to ensure food security.
In life, we always use a mark to represent one's ability in studying or working.
Although a person gets great marks in the tests, he does badly in the job.
Experience comes from life and we are developing by kinds of experience.
Experience is basic for us to learning more things.
However, we shouldn't absent learning.
If a person just has a lot of experience without learning, it's like a flower without water.
Then he can't develop well.
In the last, mark can't represent everything.
Experience without learning isn't better than learning without experience.
Both experience and learning are important.
There is a serious problem that more and more students ignore spelling during learning English nowadays.
The reasons for this phenomenon are as follows.
Firstly, many people pay more attention to spoken language, they think it is used in the practice more widely, so they ignore English spelling.
Secondly, the teachers put more emphasis on children spoken language on class.
For example, do more writing in the classroom, and the teacher can give students more homework about English spelling.
, Students also need more practice at extra time.
Nowadays, it is unusual that students have access to evaluate their teachers on line in many universities.
Some people are doubtful about this policy, believing that this policy may frustrate some teachers enthusiasm for teaching, who are evaluated badly by students.
However, others don't agree and assert that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
Then I have several points to support my view.
Frist, expressing opinions towards teachers on line makes it possible that students have a feeling of being respected and valued.
Compared with the previous mode that teachers occupy the leading position in class, students' being dominant is more scientific.
Besides, criticizing on line guides teachers to teach efficiently and makes them realize their strong points and weak points in the teaching process.
Only by this way can teachers improve their teaching methods and benefit students.
In addition, the communication between teaching and learning is enhanced step by step.
There are fourth floor in my school .
This is my school .
My water glass with the lightening pure red color , round and little shape which like a small ball.
I love Ms Yu best who is my English teacher.
But I was very shy and felt embarrassed.
At this moment , Ms Yu was very friendly and it was really nice because of the smile.
And I don't felt embarrassed.
He also said, Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Nowdays, a heated discussion on whether students should select lecturers has aroused people's attention.
Firstly, when selecting lecturers, they must like the lecturers and respect them.
Secondly, students should be accustomed to the way the lecturers teach.
In the first place, suppose they select the lecturers they are interested in, they may pay more attention to their study.
In the second place, they can develop good relationship which will make students achieve success in their study.
Now, many students have computers.
So, they have much time to play games by computer.
If they like they can play the game all day.
I think it is a bad habit.
We must quit a bad habit.
Don't indulge in the net games.
We can use this time meaningful.
And, many people sleep very slow.
Cost some money do some meaningless.
I think this habits will make our life to be defeated.
We should learn how to use the time.
We must destroy bad habits.
Give up bad habits will make us success.
If we want to learn something, we can cost many time to look book.
We must sleep ten o'clock.
must have correct consumption.
Sometimes how to make friends is not an easy task for students.
As we can see in this picture, a schoolboy holds a 100-yuan note, smiling and saying that:  It's nothing but to show our friendship.
On a personal note, friendship is the love without wings.
If you intend to make a friend with someone, you truly should devote your heart and soul.
When your friend is in trouble, all you need is to stand with him or her and lend him or her a hand, we are supposed to be understood.
For me myself, a life without a friend is a life without a son, however, a friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
I get along with my best friend sincerely, so does she.
As we all know, college life should be varied and colorful.
As far as I am concerned, on the one hand, extracurricular activities enrich our college life.
We have many other things to do apart from studying like taking part in various of clubs in school.
I believe that everyone can find a club which interests him.
In clubs, not only can we make many new friends, but can also enjoy ourselvers in doing what we want to do.
On the other hand, from extracurricular activities, we can learn a lot which we can never learn from the books, such as social manners and communicative skills.
As college students, we need to be more communicative and have at least a specialty.
In conclusion, extracurricular activities are integral to our college life.
To Ms.
Hello, Ms.
When entering the door of the college, it means we will live a life different from the high school life.
First, I think the most important thing is course study, it is directly related to our future development.
In the meantime, I can do some things I interested in, and do sports to strengthen my health.
It can improve my ability of doing things.
In my opinion, social practice is important to us.
At the school, join the activities actively, make some valuable friends.
Some people think the students who born in 90s, have their special thoughts, their behavior and merits make others worried.
The students who born in 90s, are confronted by more problems in entering higher schools and getting employed.
And the environment is more competitive.
But they never give up and in addition, they are creative.
They can try their best to work more efficiently.
Reading , like other activities , bring unique to readers.
In that different reading materials can give different pieasure to the readers.
When you are reading the novel, you would climb to the development of the story which make you crazy.
What's more when you are redaing the newspaper , you can comprehend what happen in your country or over thr world.
In a word , Reading can enhance the understanding of the world the people and ourselves.
She looks a little thin and short .
But in my heart, I love her forever.
I Kknow though my mother is very ordinary , she is still the greatest mother in the world.
Time flies, I have staied at home for 30 days.
during the spring festival in 2014, I returned home, making preparations for the most important festival in china.
I visited my grandparents and other relatives.
I staied with my parents, eating some delicious foods and watching the spring festival party together, and so on.
I just did the same as before.
Two days ago, with my friend, I visited our teacher-Mr Li, who are teaching the grade 3 in the Nanjiao middle school, he said because of the college entrance examination, his students always worried about their study, no matter they study well or not.
Although he always told them don'worry, don't worry  , they couldn't relax thenselves, he decide to hold a lantern party, helping these students have a good time, he ask us for help.
One year ago, we also had this feeling, Mr Li helped us.
So we started to play a plan for this party.
At first, we spent one day discussing the plan.
As a result of the discussion, we agreed to design a guessing game.
yeaterday, we prepared for the Lantern party, someone bought lanterns and small prize, the others made lantern riddles.
Finishing these works, we began to decorate the square with those lanterns, which sticked on the riddles.
Tonight, we lightedon all lanterns and visited every student to join in this party.
If they guess the right answer, they would get the lantern which sticked the riddle they guessed and a small prize, such as notebook, pen.
I feel very tired and happy.
Not only do I have fun with others, but also I an able to finish an activity with my friends.
The picture express that a teacher is giving a student a book.
The boy is very nervous.
The teacher's face fills a smile.
The book is certain literature, because I think literature is the most difficult.
When we read literature, I think the careful is the most importance.
In the first place, we will lose something importance.
So we will not understand meaning.
Next, We will feel boring and hate.
We will refuse to read it.
Second, if we like to read it, and like taking about literature.
You do not read it carefully.
You will do give other people a complete thing.
So I think the most importance thing is careful.
Before sleeping, children put stockings at the counter, for 'Santa Claus ' .
Nowadays, computer becomes more and more popular, and more and more student sink into the computer.
With the development of computer, people become more likely to use the computer doing something rather than study on book, especially the student.
They use computer to play games and talk with some unacquainted people.
Actually, education does not mean that we should study on book all days.
It means we should use all ways to gain knowledge, whatever the knowledge come from.
In my opinion, I think a good education need us use all ways around us to make ourselves feel substantial.
We do not only study knowledge, and we should also study how to make our spiritual also feel substantial.
And there some good and useful knowledge are not contained in our study books, this time, we should study from computer, computer contains a large number information, we can look for any information we want to know.
This is my opinion of the effects computer had on education.
Taking a look around we can find examples with ease a small computer is packed in a thick and heavy carton clothes are put in a well-designed plastic bag sand mppn-cakes are usually placed in delicate boxes.
On the hand , to earn more economic gains, a considerable number of manufactures usually wrap their products with unnecessary but appealing materials aiming atattracting customer's attention, arousing their curiosity and then stimulating their purchasing desire.
First, laws must be made and implemented to impose restriction onexcessive packaging.
Further to the event next week, as a seminar organiser, I am writing to check some details.
The first point, we have booked the 602 room for the event.
In the second, pleased note that you should confirm the schedule with security.
On the surface, E.
There is a conflict among men.
Even more startling to him is the realization that he is not his father, but E.
In accordance with the survey, now, college students spend more and more money every month.
Students don't have to make money and they don't appreciate the hard work , so they will cause irrational consumption.
As far as I am consider, I think as a student, we should save money instead of waste money.
We should understand our parents.
The pavilion is located in the middle of the garden, the pavilion on the southeast of the northwest has respectively to four directions: canteen, secondary school buildings, playground, and primary school teaching building.
As a college student, I am convinced that never can money equal happiness.
For example, most pets are very dirty and they have a lot of diseases with them which will make us ill .
Sometimes a dog will bite someone when it is angry .
During our daily life you can see Japanese everywhere.
when you surf the internet, you can see Japanese, When you go shopping, You can see many instructions written in Japanese .
Even when you read, you can find that many books are written in Japanese .
And do our homework on time carefully.
If we have any time , we can read some Japanese news and learn some useful words.
Don't worry about make mistakes.
I Hope to their graduation can work in the airport, and have a stable job, achieve their goals to do every thing.
It looks very beautiful.
Everyone has many interesting experiences.
We often share our experiences with our friends.
I couldn't swim in the past.
But Ireally wanted to swim in the river like fishes.
So I asked my friends to learn to swim together.
The swimming teacher taught us to swim.
When I had some troubles, my friend usually appeared next to me and encouraged me.
And she helped find out the roof of the troubles and solve it.
Emotional intelligence and intellectual intelligence are dispensable to our lives.
The emotional intelligence plays a prominent role in a person's way of dealing with difficulties.
It matters with your self-awareness, your self-management and social-awareness.
It was cultivated in people's later life.
In the school, teachers should also be wise to educate and lead the students so that the youth can get benefits both learning and ventures.
Of course, emotional intelligence is a million-dollars topic for common guys.
As for the intellectual intelligence, which was decided at birth, one can't make a lot of improvement in it.
It makes sense all our life.
We need our IQ to solve the math problems, and we also need our IQ to start some science projects.
A person with high IQ may have a significant achievement in some professional fields.
Both the IQ and EQ are very crucial in shaping people's process.
My father is a coal miner.
he has bronze -coioured skin .
and dense hair .
Father is serious .
Father hard word every day .
Father love me .
In our daily life, we will meet many kinds of different people every day.
Some one we will say hello to, some one we will smile to and others we won't notice.
If you ask me who I love most.
I will tell you my mother is my favorite people.
She has a little fat and is belong to general people of China.
She is kind and loving.
She teachs me how to study and how to be a honest person.
When I am growing, she always sets an example to me.
Form her, I know what is right and what is available.
I also learn how to live everyday and how to express love.
I know we should not waste time and food.
But as we all know , pursuit a dream isn't easy .
May in the course of your dreams, you will lose a lot .
People may have a taste of success, although people do not have.
This series of book will not difficult understand.
It is suitable for logistics major student.
We also have preferential price for this series.
If you buy the whole series, we will give you 50% discount.
This special offer expiration date will keep on 3 months.
We promise the quality of this series of book is very well.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some student agreed getting online frequently.
getting online could learn so much , broaden one's horizons as well as chat and share with others.
But some students were against to get online frequently.
They thought that it was bad for our eyes.
In my opinion we should spend correct time on getting online.
More and more college student fall into a bad habit , which is using mobile phone in the classroom at present .
They generally use mobile phone to read novel, play games, chat on QQ and so on.
they don't pay a attention to the teacher.
On one hand, this practice will let their scores fall; on the other hand, they show disrespect to their teacher.
What is more, some student don't let mobile on the state of no sounds .
In the classroom, sounds from mobile will interrupt class.
They must break themselves of this practice that using mobile phone in the classroom.
They can't carry a call phone class to avoid playing mobile.
They can do note in class.
In this way, they will not time to playing mobile.
They should be aware of that our duity is study.
Some people believe that university students go to classes shouldn't be optional, they don't agree students need attend classes on time like in high school.
But I don't think so, it just finds a reason for bad student who doesn't like go to classes.
The teacher not just gives you basic knowledge, the most importance is he or she teaches you how to use and develop it in life experience.
For one question, different person has different thought, it was not only improved our communication skill but also enhanced knowledge.
University does not like high school anymore, students also can be a teacher in class.
The teacher just help us to learn by ourselves, in class, we will learn how to study, how to distribute study time and how to work with others.
In conclusion, I think, as a good student who must attend classes.
In classes, we can know so many things than yourself learning in bedroom.
Lixia had fun visiting London and Beijing.
As we can see the picture, a son facing his father.
Saing''I'am a bit worried a about disposing of nuclear waste.
The picture takes message that a house is not , how can sweep the world .
the father want to tell his son that if you think little thing and not achieve it , you also not achieve big thing.
Our yongers more like the son in the picture.
There is only a child in many family, so young people become the focus in their family .
----One More To The Lake(by E.
People are born to death.
Life is the present the god gives us to experience all the joys and sorrows so that we can be a rich person at the end of our destination.
Bunyan has described the life as a journey, absolutely, as it is.
The article One More To The Lake  , written by the E.
White, shows us great wisdom and thought of life, death, time, comparing the past and the present of his own experiences to the Maine, which is the potential map of all of us.
The lake gives a great expression to the little boy, as a infinitely remote and primeval lake.
Without doubt, the author returns to the lake with his son because of the beautiful memory of the lake.
However, the feeling is the same as many years ago, the same small waves, the same boat, the same place, the same freshwater leavings and debris, which confuses the author that the years were a mirage and there had been no years and whether he is the little boy beside him.
All the things just as same as tomorrow and he seems to be living a dual existence.
All of the memory gives the author sharp and creepy sensation, as described in the Rip Van Winkle  .
Everywhere they went, the author can't distinguish himself and his son.
Somehow, life is a beautiful picture, and from the article, after the thunderstorm, like an old melodrama, all the life can still fill with light, hope and spirits.
However, with the time wearing on, all the people have to face the reality--life is not a circle and the destination of all of us is death.change is the immortal topic of life.
What we must focus on is the process rather than the destination.
So, all those times and memories which are infinitely precious worth saving and bearing in our mind.
Peace and goodness and jollity are always in the deep heart of the author.
Admittedly, life is never a easy journey with sunshine and always shot through with flowers and applauses, but also accompanies with frustrations and stumbling blocks.
All the different experiences can colorize and spice our daily dull life so that we can face our death strongly and confidently.
Death never comes alone but combines with new-born life, hope and spirits.
Namely, the evolution of human beings and life can be sustained in the other form.
It can be a chain in a sense.
Compared with the nature, the life of human being is weak but it can have supreme spirit, and all the life can be blended in the nature.
With the decay of vitality, weariness increases, the thought of rest will not be unwelcome.
I should wish to die when i have gone thorough all the sorrows and joys, knowing that other new-born life will carry on what i can no longer do, and content in the thought that what was possible has been done.
All of us, if in old age, can see life in this way, will not suffer from the fear of death, since the things we cares for will continue.
All the new-born lives will give us enough confidence, strength and rescue for the death.
In addition, the author shows us definitely his affection for the nature and all the wonderful and beautiful scenes bestow the tranquility and peace of the mind of the author.
Obviously, the nature have magic power to soothe all the spirits with weariness and scars.
All the lives can find their special homes in the nature, embraced by the nature.
Living in the harmony with the nature can water the spirit of us, we can find nothing may prevents us from freedom and get rid of hustle and bustle in the cities.
Both new-born lives and creatures facing the death are the great works of the nature, which creates the balance of the universe, Death and birth can not be a circle of only one person but, can be that of all the creature, making the immortality the perpetual theme of the nature.
When we die, our bodies belongs to the soil, spirits passing down.
Nature, life, existence and death are essential blocks of our life, like a balance, we can live in a wonderful life when we find the fulcrum of it.
Time , like grease smoothing a machine, can heal the wounds and take wonderful moments.
The things happened years ago is just like the moments yesterday.
Evidently, life is the present the god bestows us, with inspiration, aspiration, perspiration and desperation.
John Lennon said, life is what happening when we are busy making plans.
Time takes away a lot of wonderful moments and death comes, but we don't have the reason for reluctant passion for life.
We can find the peace and tranquility of our heart, and all the spirits left and witness the existence of us.
Most of them are of our China literary works, as the four famous etc.
In my National Day, I have been to BeiJing with my best friend.
Because it was the golden week, there were many people.
Huge crowds of people everywhere.
At first, we went to see the Imperial Palace and the Great Wall.
These let us feel that we were proud to be a Chinese.
The Imperial Palace noted the history.
There were many antiques which we could espy the great culture.
From the Great Wall, it was well-known wonder in the world.
Chinese often say:  you are not a real hero until you have climbed the Great Wall.
Last three days, we visited the streets of Beijing.
We went to the snack street.
There are a lot of delicious snacks, especially the famous Beijing roast duck.
Beijing roast duck is really delicious, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.
We were very enjoyed our journey.
We took a lot of pictures.
l like blue and pink best.
You know, nowadays , money is everything.
Many people do something because they want something .
He devoted all his money to the kid to go to school, even himself has no money to treat his cancer.
So you can do good deed without ang reward.
Yes, I know, you want to get something when you pay for something.
Just like the fishmen who was excepted to save the drown children was not going to save or even pick up children's dead body.
I think man shoud have their humanism, in any situation.
The university students made a great contrast between these cold-blood fishmen.
They do know they can't swim, the call in their heart made them to do it.
I do appeal people to help others.
Not all the people needn't other's help all the time.
As we can see , there is a universal phenomenonin our compus that are called seat taken.
It's easy to find it thatsome students think that seat taken is uncivilized behavior.
Some unlucky guys can't find good seats even that they are the earliest one to arrive at the classroom.
Because someone has gone here and put their books down on the good seats.
So I think it's wise to hold different view on it.
Everyone who wants to get better study effects is willing to stay on a good place.
We don't have the right to reduce their enthusiam of study.
In the momrning, I make the bed and helped mom cooked breakfast, mom was very happy saw this.
Then, I took out the rubbish, cleaned the living room and washed the clothes.
In the everning, I helped my mom cooked dinner.
Afer dinner, I did the dishes, I back the living room.
As is vividly seen from the picture , the boy gives 100 dollars for the girl to express the friendship , saying this is low case.
When we face problem , the friend can give us some advice.
Because out own points of view towads things may not be always right .
Therefore, it is necessary for us to seek advice from friends.
Civil servants is a superior remuneration, social status and relative work relatively stable industry.
I think examination of civil service in the modern society more and more people, can be reflected from one college graduates employment has the certain difficulty.
Civil service exam can provide a lot of excellent talents for the government, to better serve the people, for the participants of the civil service exam, in the fierce competition is conducive to improve their own quality and ability.
For parents, in the hope that their children have a steady job.
To sum up, attend officeholder exam or to decide according to their own dreams, we should have their own idea, what kind of work as long as the intention to be successful, the main can't blindly follow suit.
To believe that a three hundred and sixty lines out of the top.
In recent years, with the improved standards of living, most person attach great importance to exchange by phone.
In the library, everybody is concentrate read widely and Miscellaneous.
sudden.
Whom the phone sound break quiet in library.
It is dreadful in public.
Lead to the other cannot read the book.
In my opinion.
library should provide the rule.
blog.
They update the blogs every day.
Besides, we pay our attention to their blogs.
Blog is web log, it is a web side, of course for everyone, to express our mind, our news or our feelings.
By blog we cannot only share our happiness or sadness with our friends but can pay our attention to our friends blog, so that we can care more about our friends.
When we have difficulty in studies, there must be someone kind enough to support us by blog.
When our friends have lucky things, we could send our congratulation to them in time.
We also can change our mind with others by blog.
The more necessary of Internet in our life, the more popularity of blog is.
life become more and more better, but we need more attention.
Besides, our face to face the talk is reduced, so blog become the important way for us to communicate.
Becouse blog is set up in Internet, some people frequently tell lies in blog.
It is wrong.
There was a boy named Monty Rpberts, when he was a senior, he was asked to write a paper about dream, Monty's dream was to have a their own ranch.
when he handed his paper in to his teacher, his teacher gave he a larg red F, because he thought Monty's dream was an unrealistic dream , and asked Monty to rewrite it, but Monty determine to follow his dream.
As a result, his dream came true, and his teacher regreted to steal many kids' dream.
In the process of pursuing our dreams, most of us hope that there would be fewer obstacles.
Apparently, closed doors cut off our thoughts.
But if we think carefully, it will take on a new look.
While we meet difficulties, we can't be hopeless.
Because it just means this way is wrong, we can still take another measures to solve the problem.
Actually, when we are under great pressure, our creative potential can be developed.
For example, Edison looked for thousands of materials to serve as filament, after trials and errors, he finally found tungsten.
Faced with so many failures, he never gave up.
Instead, his inspiration came flowing.
Every coin has two sides.
Although closed doors can prevent us from observing things thoroughly, we can think about as many aspects as possible to handle this.
Mia is the princess of the country, her grandmother Queen Clansse really wish her to be the princess, but Mia doesn't intend to be, she just wants to be a common girl.
If I am her, I think being a princess isn't a good thing.
You can't do things you love to do.
And you should meet a lot of reporters, a lot of national governments, you don't have any free time to do the things you like.
This is very annoying.
Many people walk behind you and ask you too many questions, sometimes some of these may make you feet embarrassed, and you don't know how to answer them appropriate.
You even can't have personal secrets.
Parents VS Kids: I think a kid shouldn't always follow your parents'commands, sometimes your parents'command is not opinion, that will misdirect you.
You should have your own opinion but should not always follow others.
They can't be you.
Before doing something, think and think, that's really important, and you will benefit from it.
But one thing can not be denied, the orders of their parents is good, only those who love you will criticize you.
Regardless of the fact that whether there extraterrestrials exist on the planet remains a mystery, so far still a large number of people hold the firm belief that the answer is positive.
believe that E.
T do exist.
Firstly, looking back on the history, the rapid development of modern science and technology witnessed our happy life .
I am very curious about the aliens' life situation.
It's not easy to make a wonderful living.
How did they succeeded in making it and how long did it is still a doubt.
As is known to us all, the balance of the nature will be broken if we put great emphasis on technology development rather than focusing on protecting of the environment.
So, I want to find out how they can balance the economy and environment.
However, despite the fact that our earth have developed quickly like lightning, our environment is becoming worse than ever.
The last but not the least, whether a thriving cultural depends on the length of history is also my issue.
Our earth has get through hundreds of thousands of years, and culture becomes flourishing.
So, I am eager to get the answer of the exact years of existence of aliens.
On balance, I wish to have a heart-to-heart discussion with E.
. What I expect is that after our talk , we can develop a deep friendship , we can get what we want, we can learn something useful that contribute to our planets' development.
Well, on campus for the consumption of famous brand clothes.
Nowadays, the earth is becoming warmer and warmer as a consequence of the greenhouse effect.
Low-carbon lifestyle means low energy-consumption, low expenditure and so on.
Actually low-carbon lifestyle has become one kind of fashion in many big cities all over the world.
As college students, it is our responsibility to live and promote low-carbon lifestyle.
At last, low-carbon lifestyle is not just a slogan but a kind of lifestyle.
Last week, we had watched the film called The Shawshank Redemption.
In this famous movie, a man named Andy impressed me a lot.
He is a man which one of the leads.
He was wronged and got into the prison because of his crimes  .
He is very handsome, but he is so serious that he wasn't said any words to others.
Finally, he could said some words because he made a friend called Red.
They loved each other and took care of each other.
After over 20 years, Andy said that he would left, and one day with rains and clouds, Andy ran away.
I have been dreaming of being a university student for a long time before I went into the university.
Firstly, there are more classes than what I had thought I would have in university, though the classes we have now is less, when weighed with the class we have in Senior High school.
The second is the role our teachers play in our study.
For a simple example, we may see our teachers twice a month after their class, only, which means we should rely ourselves more than before.
The last, from my view, is that the way we use in Senior High school should be given up.
To make myself adjust to the new life here as soon as possible, I will try my best to obtain the key in the university life promoting my skills.
Just as the saying goes:  If you cannot change the world, please change yourself  .
People say, A year's plan starts with spring.
Spring is a season of sowing.
Farmers work hard in the field.
Willows burgeon forth; the peach trees blossom; the grasses sprout out of the earth; the wheat shoots are a lush green.
The swallows return from the south, nesting on the tree.
The whole earth is full of vitality.
In contrast, autumn is a season of harvest.
The wheats turn yellow; farmers are busy harvesting their crops.
The leaves and grasses also turn yellow; the ground is covered with the fallen leaves, like a golden yellow carpet.
The swallows back to the south for the clod winter.
The trees have only stark branches, looks very monotonous.
It's rainy in autumn.
It is very forturenat for us to live in this word which is very polit.
And we should lean how to be a good listener.
First, we must know the advantage of being a good listener.
It means that you listen carefully.
Being a good listener is a nessesary leasion in our life.
Listen to others, you will get frendship.
NOW mang students often pay little attention to their spelling that their writing is full of spelling mistakes.
The existence of the problem can be attributed to the following main reason.
The first, because most students think that spelling words is not important, so lead to mang simple words are spelling mistakes.
Secondly, mang teachers do not provide students with adequate knowledge of building up new words, that students memorizing words, so the students is very easy to spelling mistakes.
People all over the world set great regard on good manners.
To certain degree, good manners indicate a person's education and breeding.
In schools, it is part of student's moral training to develop good manners.
A person with good manners always wins praise.
There are good manners in which we behave in public places.
So is it to conduct ourselves politely and keep away from foul language.
It's known to us that we are now live in an era of globalization which is a double-edged sword.
It brings to us not only benefits but also disasters.
There's no mistakes to say that today's world is dominated by the western culture.
Such as advocating their social system and merit system worldwide, exporting their cultural products and expanding the influence of their festivals, western countries now make full use of the alternative of globalization to have an invasion of culture to other countries .
Second, we should make every effort to revive our traditional culture.
We all know that there are lots of dregs in our traditional culture and as a result, we should pay attention to getting rid of them.
Last but also the most important, our country should spare no effort to develop our economy, for the economy is the foundation of culture.
These are my ways to preserve our Chinese traditional culture, Also, it's natural that there're many other ways to make it.
Second, you should read and try to pronounce the new words when you listen to them.
Third, I also advice you, try to write every word every day ang remcember them in your head.
Our country's food safety always makes us worry in recent years.
For example, illegal cooking oil, pollution milk, chemical additives, pesticide pollution and so on.
These things make our hair stand on end, and we cannot believe a lot of food productions.
Food pollution to the society and people life bring a lot of bad effects.
Our healthy is under threat the food safety.
We doubt everything what we eat and drink, we have no security.
In this background, we should improve our awareness on food safety .
For example, I do not eat street food any more and I reduce the times of restaurant, I spend more time to do my food at home, and I lose my heart to do the cooking.
As we know nobody can go without friends .
A good friends is someone who make us happy or impressive.
why we need each other or what wo can do for each other.
Therefor, you don't need to worry about how to adapt to the new environment.
This is a vivid picture.
In our life, we often have the same doubt like the child said.
When we suffer from zhe problem , just like math, english, economic and so on.
Somepeople who have a bright head , can find a simple way .
Somepeople who don't have a hight IQ , can solve the problem use a hard way .
The others are difference of them .
When they suffer from problems , they will escape or give up .
Made problem baled and throw into zhe trash.
Sometime we always face problem, somepeople solve it , somepeople run away.
But if we throw zhe problem into the trash.
Our life is full of temptation, persist in the end is temptation, give up also a temptation.
I'm delighted to hear from you.
I'm glad to know that you have such a good teacher as Mr.
The teacher I like most is Ms.
Li, who teaches us chemistry.
I met her when I was in grade 9.
I didn't know her well at that time.
But now, we're getting closer.
I like her because she is conscientious in her work.
She is always ready to help us if we have any difficulties.
Nowadays, more and more people care about the Chinese education.
When we were young, our parents taught us by holding our hands, and our parents taught us how to use pencil, how to eating and what we can do or not, we were only following step by step.
When we grew up, we need to go to school, our parent would tell us Good good study, day day up  , we need try our best to learn and we need keep learning until 11 p.m and when on weekends, we should go to the extension classes for more scholarship.
In my opinion, chinese learning will create a lot of slaves who don't have creativity when we enter the university which beyond our parents' control, we are always playing rather than hard-working.
The following reasons can account for this kind of crazy.
First, nowadays college students face great employment pressure, civil services one of The most comfortable professions.
second, most students choose civil service, because it can provide a steady income and life.
But, in my point of view, The civil service has many negatives effects.
Generally speaking Everything has advantages and disadvantages, in the face of crazy civil service, I just want to say, everyone should know what i want, have a dream, then to work.
Spelling is a learned skill not a talent, Spelling can be mastered by learning a few basic rules about when to change the endings on words.
Many students think English is used in future life in a very small.
So the students very a negative psychology.
For example , the global warming is a serious problem for all countries , as the industry develops rapidly , people are constantly emiting gas into atmosphere , as the result , the temprature goes up , what 's worst , some glaciers are melting , particularly in Antarctic .
People can 't realise the crucial of the nature .
I still remembered that last term my roommates made a birthday party for me.
On that day, they were not tell me, but I found some strange movements on them actually.
They said happy birthday to me and prepared a cake for me.
I felt very happy in that moment and I will never forget that day because that birthdy was the first one I spend in school.
I'm now in the examination room writing my final paper in my high school career.
You have been giving me courage since I went to school, especially in my last year in high svhool.
But for your encouragement, I would give up for many times.
Recently I have been taking every efforts to study, which improves my grade a lot.
My hard work pay off.
I found this exam smooth and I give full play to my ability.
After this exam I will be free for a long time.
Then I want to pay you back.
I will help you with houseworks.
What's more, I will cook for you.
Less fortunate, the court in vacation, so we only waited until now to start legal proceedings.
I think that they have their own reasons, but as the people in the industry, their duties can, and do not have such a tit for tat.
In addition to the side to watch the people do not have to gloat, this is a social problem, not just exist in the square Korea, so we should be more thought to deal with this matter, rather than holding a watch.
With the passage of time, a lot of people now living habits case of major change , such as food.
dress.
Though very tired , everyone felt full .
we can also eat healthy food .
But now have changed , people is too busy to grow .
Nowadays , there are more and more entertainment activities to enrich our life .
In fact , there are many diffeneces between now and past .
On the other hand , that have not well place .
In this picture, we can see the young man asks his father question  Dad, I am a bit worried about disposing of nuclear waste.
In this society, everyone wants to be greatful, everyone wants to be famous, everyone wants to do big things.
From my perspective, every big things are composed of small things.
As long as you work hard with those little things and have a full preparation of the road ahead, you can do the big thing.
When I first went into the school gate, see my new classroom and teachers.
I thought I would have a new start.
The school day is very busy and exciting.
There are many new subjects in our school, such as: Chinses, Maths, English, Physics, History, Geogrophy, Chemistry, Politics, Art and Music.
We have four classes in the morning.
We have our lunch in the dinning hall.
Hello, everyone.
My name is X form Y city Z province .
I am 21 years old.
My major is business English at D College.
l like my major very much.
Because l think English is easy to learn except the English pronunciation.
I like to read novel and go out with my friends.
Along with digital message more and more popular, we have ignored to read.
Many people like to watch a movie or television than to read a book.
Because the movie have picture and voice.
Popular speaking , people become more and more lazy.
The movie have confined your mind you don't think and feel, all of things can pass to us.
We lost the original fun.
Being careful to read a book can calm down our mind and to our more and more positive energy.
Finally to us become very clever.
Reading is a good habit.
Reading can't be replaced by movie and television.
Dream is like a power that pushes us forward.
It's what you intend to work hard for.
I want to be a doctor, so I must study hard.
I take classes every day and listen to teachers carefully.
I read lots of books to learn more.
With a dream we can also be happier.
When you achieve little goals of your dream, you feel extremely happy.
Dream also stands for glory.
We want to feel good about ourselves.
One can feel that life is boring without a dream.
He may get pessimistic when something bad happens to him.
Dream brings hope and glory.
College is an important part in our life.
It is vital to our future and necessary for our life.
Some students use the time to find ways to earn themselves.
As far as I'm concerned, the above are not the best ways to the use of the college time.
If we want to make the best use of college life, we should do three things at least as possible as we can.
The first thing we must concern is how to arrange our time reasonable .
In college, we have more spare time compared to high school.
We can do what we want to do using the spare time.
The second thing we should concern is our study .
Many students don't think highly of the study and regard it very easy to get through.
The wrong thought always makes students spend more time on other things such as computer games.
The last but not the least, we should plan our future well.
We should attend some classes which are necessary for us.
In a word, college is very important to our life.
Time always goes by so fast.
My high school life is going to end.
Recently, I made great progress owing to studying hard.
This finally exam also go on well.
I shown my own level.
After the exam, I will help you do some housework and let you have a taste to my cooking.
What's more, I can take a walk with you to talk someting about our family.
Now I am not a child any more.
Thank you, mom.
Thank you, dad.
They always like to say you should do this.
The monarch type of parent is intolerant, autocratic and self-centered.
They are kind, good - natured and easy - going.
However, as parents' view of life diffirent.
Recently, people have paid more and more attention to the fake products, and the new reports about the fake products abound with our eyes and affect our lives.
There are several of the harmfulness of fake products as follows.
The first and most essential, some enterprises product fake products, which infringe consumers' rights and interests, including the right to know, right to health.
Consumers spend money to buy product, but if it was fake produc, which is unfair to them, and the fake products of food or medicines may harm consumers' health, the fake medicines not only aggravate a patient's condition, but also lead to threatening his life, and what's more, to result in his death; The second, fake produce may cause the disorder of product market, and many producers ofen follow, which bring about a inequality of competition, in addition, the fake products probably affect those producers who are meeting the standards.
In a word, the harmfulness of fake products is so serious that the government should crack down on fake and shoddy products.
Do you remember me, a cool guy who's studying in THE Attached High school to Nankai University.
NOw our school is going to hold camping, too.
I'm very impressed with you.
So I will introduce some features to you.
For example we can go around my city which has hundreds of years'history.
And then maybe you can stay in a Chinese family to feel our life and know about Chinese cultures.
It told that something bad happended in my family, so I had to reture to my homeland quickly.
I know you are playing a speech match recently, but I have no time to wait for you until you go back.
In my opinion, I have three reasons resulting in this phenomenon.
Moreover, some students dislike their major , so they tend to transfer to what they are fond of by this examination.
you do not forget your parents they are never failed to cheer you up .
At pretsent, a lot of College students have some unhealthy habits.
As a College student, if you have those unhealthy habits, you will lose lot's of things in the university.
those unheathy habits will stop them doing some interting things.
a shiftless student; studied in a shiftless way.
if we have something seek not the solustion, Some people are afraid of failure and they can not bear the blow of failure, so they stay where they are and try to not to mike progress.
In my oppinion, we should keep studing our objects, and look for our value.
Last year, there is an important and exciting thing happened in my life.
There is no too much homework and class and I will have a great time in my college.
However, the fact is contray to my thought, the college life is not so great as I think.
Within unfamiliar environment, I feel lonely and maladjustable.
I begin to miss my home, the strong feeling of missing home makes me frustrated and and sad.
Then I find I have no way to study as before.
It seems like each way lead to a fault direction.
I'm always try to find the best way to study and live a life.
After a year of college life.
I find myself changed.
I'm more mature than before and more studious.
I also become independent, not only functional independence, attitudinal independence, but also emotional independence.
I can even do anything on my own and don't need to rely on others any more.
I will do something I like but without the supports from others as well.
I don't feel excessive guilty, anxiety and mistrust.
And I know the importance of the relationship with friends, classmates and parents.
I have tried to communicate with them from time to time to maintain our relationship.
The knowledge I have learned in college makes me know that we should treat one thing in different views is really equal and we also should become aware not only of other groups in our own culture, but also people of other culture.
I'm an adult now, and I know that I should responsible for myself.
when I do something, I should think more.
I have learnt a lot and became more mature.
It means a lot when someone addresses them in a civil, polite way.
Nowadays, the global integration of economy and speeding information revolution have brought the world closer than ever before; meanwhile, western commercialism has flooded into China.
The answers to the question are quite polarized.
Someone believes that it is an unavoidable trend.
The others thinks otherwise, they highlight that it would undermine the influence of our own culture.
First of all, for the aspect of cultural exchanges, Westerners and Easterners are walking side by side, talking face to face, working and studying in harmony.
Chinese learn English, Americans study Chinese; we have tea, they drink coffer; we enjoy Peking Duck, they like butter and bread.
Besides, western commercialism, to some degree, promote the growth of economy in China's coastal cities and its surrounding areas.
Foreign investment can maximize the strengths of two parties.
China has massive land, abundant natural resources, a huge supply of skilled workers and the growing consumer market.
All these advantages are rarely found elsewhere in the world .
On the other hand, foreign investors from developed countries or areas have sufficient funds and advanced technology and managerial expertise.
What's more, it has a great influence on China's mass media.
Accompanying the western commercialism, a series of blockbuster hollywood movies has run into China.
Such masterpiece has truely irresistible charm for Chinese audience.
In addition, nowadays the high rating TV entertainment show Running Man has been brought into China, which is popularized by millions of Chinese audiences.
What's obviously is that we must have a study plan and try our best to absorb the top poi-ts of the class.
And remember that failure is the mother of success.
As the saying goes, true friendship can exist forever.
It's important to everyone.
If you possess it, you should be valued it.
For example, at ZhanGuo period there are two people called Guanzhong and Baoshuya.
At their young time they have a business together.
Baoshuya is a little greed, but Guan didn't mind it.
He even says Bao do that was because his mother was ill-ed and need money.
Afterwards, Guan was appointed to the prime minister.
Friendship on utility can not be forever.
A couple of virtuous friends is like that they can face trouble together and share a commitment each other.
No matter what happened, true friendship would give a good influence on you at any time.
Reading is a critical part of learning and growth and finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark within us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
Spending free time reading can improve our knowloage and save 64r time.
What's more, reading can relax our body and let us learn more out of textbooks.
This summer, my parents and I are travel Paris.
Nightclub is a place I must go because haven't been to nightclub means not go to Paris.
Many people believe that nightclub is worthless place.
In face this is wrong.
In Paris, nightclub is the brightest place at night.
There are women's beautiful battlefield.
There I only a feeling, it is hoot.
In the nightclub, wear whatever I can.
I can show myself in the different side.
Miniskirt, hot pants and high-heel shose show I sexy side.
Canyas shoes or lovely short boots and uniforms to show I pure lovely side.
Last but not the least important, we can release pressure through movement, just as a proverb says, The life lies in the movement.
It contains plenty of English vacabulary which is beneficial to improve the reading skills of students.
Some of them, because of the ill their family is broken.
First, we should not look down them.
Second, we should give a hand to them in life.
Third, We can encourage them to life.
Although china and the west have many differences, it does not mean the people of these countries have difficulty in communications.
Nowadays , more and more people use new ways of consumption in order to save money, student also like other people , coupons.
group-buy .
Firstly, in order to save money .
Currently, more and more discord events happen on campus.
For example, Majiajue killed all of his roommates and damaged his bright future.
Students would not spare the flowers and trees .
Actually similar incident in universities.
Thus, it's necessary to construct harmonious campus and depend on all the efforts of students.
What's more , we can not ease study until have a steady environment.
Firstly, we should cultivate a positive mental attitudes toward everything.
Secondly , the school should be holds various activities to unites classmates and make students understand how important to us human to take good care nature.
As far as i'm concerned, constructing tuneful campus not important but necessary, everyone has a responsibility to complete it.
To get a promotion was what you had dreamed of since you came to the this company.
For this, you have been working hard, and you took every opportunity .
I take a internship, consequently, I went to the detachment in July 18th.
As the old saying goes: things do not happen, things are made to happen.
Meantime, everything has two sides and credit card is not an exception, it has both advantages and disadvantages.
Firstly, it is convenient for us to take credit cards when we go to the mall and purchase.
You can pay money to other buy something.
Not everyone can become a hero.
They have a lot of quality and spirit of sacrifice oneself to protect others like.
The four heroes in the air disaster behaved as they did.
They could never have imagined such a capacity in themself.
Only minutes before their character was tested.
For at some moment in the water they must have realized that they would not live if they continued to hand over the rope and ring to others.
They had to know it, no matter how slow the effect of the cold.
They felt they had no choice.
I believe that they was likewise giving a lifeline to those who watched their.
They in the water set themself against an immovable, impersonal enemy; they fought it with kineness; and they held it to a standoff.
As is known to us all, difficulty is arounding our life .
Maybe some people will expand the role of failure , and look down on themselves.
On the contrary, Others will look down on the failure , and learn from the failure , Then, it will take them a little time to get over the difficulties.
Now, with the development of society English is becoming more and more important.
Some people think learning English is to make a living.
They believe English is just a tool we communicate with others.
There are also other views about learning English.
Some other people regard English as a means to improve self-cultivation.
This idea direct them learn English in many manner of ways.
In my opinion, English is not just a kind of language but also a type of culture which is different from ours.
The book introduced a tale including the writer and her two daughters , the writer educated her daughters with the strict Chinese traditional ways of education.
A large amout of English words covered the book in many ways, which has positive meaning to improve the ability of students' reading.
As the coin has two sides.
There are two sides to everything.
Such as the cooperative learning.
The most of the students think it is a good way to learn.
Part of students do not think so.
As far as I can see, I like the former.
There are the reason.
First, Cooperative learning make us hardworking, it makes us love learning more, We will contrast with other groups.
It is use for studying.
, but cooperative learning make me vitality.
Second, I like to discuss with friends.
Last but not least, I like a lively atmosphere.
As a result, I like cooperative learning more.
Our English class use cooperative learning.
This is a way that very original way.
I am very glad to hear from you .
How time flies.
We both are in university .
You ask me what kind of books should we read .
As many people say, reading classics plays a significant role to one's growing.
Classics can be read heaps of times.
As for me, I have read Pride and Prejudice for more than twenty times since I am 12, which has a long-term impact on me.
For example, it was your turn to be on duty that week, while you were occupied with something others.
Then you asked your classmate to help you, and he promised that he would do the sweep .
It's obviously that we can know the second is a real friend, but the first one is a person who is totally unreliable.
This system also can build up netizen's responsibility.
The result shows that 45% of high school students spend most of money on books while the majority of middle school students spend much money on snacks.
Some people think the credit card very advantageously to us.
They hold their view for the reason that they can use it convenient .
They need not to carry a lot of money.
The Credit Cards can be used to expend ahead of time and overdraws .
So a lot of people like using it to go shopping.
The credit card have many frauds.
We can not see our money.
We don't know that how the money is gone.
From my point of view, the Credit Card is convenient to shopping .
The reason is that we need it at present .
But we need to attention to our Credit Cards spending records.
Do not deceived.
On a Maths class, the teacher taught the studenys Multiplication Table.
From my perspective, I disagree with that student as learning basic skills is so important that we must learn it well, or else we won't solve the problems in our daily life easily.
Basic skills are so necessary in our life that no matter how the job market develops, they always play an essential role.
Nowadays, whether the travelling is valuable or not, travelling has become a popular controversial issue and this topic has aroused the great public concern.
Facing this issue, individuals hold the different opinion.
Some people think travelling abroad is worth for them to implement while the other people believe travelling just only waste their time instead of doing many important affairs.
I am the supporter of the former view and I enjoy travelling deeply, because travelling abroad is one of my dreams to come true.
Several advantages attribute to it are as following.
In the first place, with the rapid boom of economy and society, more and more people are wealthier than before.
Except it, as to the vehicles are advanced to arrive everywhere in a short time.
So they can travel conveniently and fast and they can go to the the other countries easily.
In the second place, through travelling, we can find the biggest joy of our life and make our life wonderful and colorful.
I think both middle-aged people and youngsters should trave for many times a year.
Furthermore, especially the young people who trave a lot , the wider horizon they will get.
For the English major students, they can take this opportunity to improve their oral English and skills and it is a simple and efficient way.
Last but not least, we can expand our social circle and open up a smooth way for our career.
Travelling is fraught of joyness and venture to exercise our bravery and enhance our physical quality.
On the contrary, the other part peole say, time is money, they are eager to make considerablemoney not trave in the life.
All in alll, everyone has their own choices, we aren't sure whether they are right or wrong.
I perfer to travelling rather than watching Tv and films.
Even if many of times no on would check you attending the class, you still need to go.
In our memories , as is always a teacher give an evaluation to a student .
And in my opinions , I think it necessary to give an evaluation to teacher .
As it is known to all of us , failure plays avital important role in our life .
When we go through afailure , we may feel painful , upset and depressed.
In my opinion , the ability of acollege student to deal with the failure is poor .
He may be at aloss and rather helpless behind it .
Like afriend of me , he did badly in his midterm exam so that he was very disappointed .
I think it is become he lack confidence .
Therefore , when facing afailure , he will be depressed.
In order to help students overcome the failure .
Recently a survey about phone calls and text messaging is a hot topic.
Everyone has different attitudes.
In my opinion, whether phone calls or text messaging is very good for us.
  I agree with the idea that mobile devices can help us reach other people.
When we have difficulties in doing something, for example, seeking jobs, how to live better and so on.
We can call our friends, then we may get some help.
Mobile devices can reach other people.
If someone leaves for something, but one thing that you should ask her opinion, she is not here.
Mobile devices will help you contact her.
Once my deskmate went home for her brother's wedding.
And we kept contact through mobile decices.
  I do not think so.
If other people can reach us, our friends and we will have better relationship.
If they contact us, they may need our help, they may miss us, they may want to talk to us.
We are friends, we should help them.
If so, our friendship will become better and better.
Mobile devices help other people reach us; mobile devices make us have many friends.
In conclusion, my attitude towards mobile devices is positive.
They make people's distance become shorter; they make people's heart become closer.
Now let me introduce myself.
My name is Macy, and my Chinese name is F.
In my free time, i usually surf the net or go shopping.
And then i really like pop music, thus, one of my hobbies is enjoying music.
For movies, i like romantic movies best, also i like Vampires Diaries very much.
Next, i like Chinese traditional culture, such as cross-stitch.
In my family, we have four members, including: my dad, my mom and my older brother, and i love my brother very much.
In addition, my dream job is English Translator, because i love english very much.
Though i am still a fresher, i still hope that i can improve every knowledge in English field.
Besides, i also expect that i can improve my courage from my college.
Forty percents of us think people should raise animals at zoos .
Sixty percents of us think people should not keep animals in the zoos .
Because they are not the real homes of animals .
In my opinion , It is cruel for us to feed animals in zoos .
Second , living in the forest can practice their living skills.
people are making use of blog to express what they think .
In my opinion, there are several reasons for the popularity of blog.
to record what we think , we do , and we see.
people who we even do not know well.
different places.
could teach us some knowledge we did not know before.
introduce ourself to ohers.
However, there exsist some disadvantages in blog.
broadcast unhealthy information.
the ability to think.
In a word, blog has advantages and disadvantages.
When reading occupies your lots of time , you will learn more knowledge that you don't know before .
How to remeber English words is a qusetion.
First, you should speak English in class.
After class , talk to your class in English as you can .
You can ask help for your teacher and class if you not uderstand.
You should write down grammer mistakes and write down the correct spelling or the grammer next to the mistakes.
You should listen to the radio or read newspaper for your listening and seeing.
Try to remenber 1-5 words every day , then you can lean English well day by day .
My life in China here is fantastic.
I have visited places of interests in Beijing which were bulit hundreds years ago.
Move over, I watch the Peking Opera , even though I can't understand a word, I think it wonderful.
In this year summer holiday, I took a trip to Yunnan.
I go there with my mother and friends.
It is in the southern part of our country.
And , you can get anywhere without culture in yunnan .
It is really a very beautiful place has grand mountains, clean rivers and kind people.
Trees and flowers are seen everywhere.
We are always go to kunming.
With the development of economic, people pay attention to education gradually.
To solve the problem of higher university, lots of Chinese university were built.
Nowadays, more and more students are accpeted by university in China.
As far as we kown, it is normal to go to university.
First of all, the number of college students is increasing.
The competition in work is drastic.
We have to worry about our jobs because it is hard to looking for suitable jobs.
Then, intake expansion in Chinese university bindly may waste education rescources.
Last but not least, intake expansion in Chinese university must deline the level of higher education.
Nowdays, less and less university students have never said Thank you for their parents.
I think the cause of the incident is as follows.
First, students do not facing these polite language.
They just think this is a small problem.
They may be think Thank you is not essential.
They think that if they say  Thank you for their parents , they will feel very uncomfortable.
They think it is feel like vomiting.
Then, they may be do not good at expression.
I suggest that say Thank you to our parents is a way of express for their love.
say love.
When I grew up I know teacher's work is very important and necessary to the development of society, at the same time, I think with children live togethe soon, naive, and can be forever young in spirit.
I don't think the education of children is a waste of tirne, on time, on the contrary, it is a valuable wark.
It is times when I am young.
In that date.
I study for a good class where I have some pupils.
And they are hard of studies.
teacher is concerned with our.
teacher are seem strong.
since that day.
I have a ideal which I become a teacher.
you may be surprised which teacher is hard work and low income.
I like children who get along with them.children make me feel young.others think of teacher weste time.
But I think it is interesting.
and I will point child study in the future.
Beause I love these children and I make them succeed.
After reading the passage, we known, over the years, Miss Emily Grierson's home has fallen into disrepair and become an eyesore among eyesores.
Due to the repid development of internet.
The food, everyone needs it everyday.
There are several reasons leading to the problem today.
First, black-heart businessman can get a very large benefit from use some unhealthy things to make foods, like dead pig, chicken or something else.
They also put some chemical materials into foods which can caused very serious healthy problems.
Second, the government does not pay attention to some large companies.
to instead of good meat.
and great brands, so they often don't pay a lot of attention to the qualities about their food.
However, the problem cannot be found at once.
When the problem exposure, it always be a very big problem which have a lot of victims.
To deal with this kind of situation, We should try our best to let the businessman known that it is not a long way to win benefit.
Maybe you can get a lot of money in a very short time, but latter they will lost all their customs in the future.
By the way, the government should also pay more attention to not only local businessman, but also some big companies.
So they do not dare to play tricks in the food which they made.
Also customs should take care about what they eat.
If there are some problems they should as soon as possible to let more people know that.
If everyone do what I said before.
At the beginning, you may find it strange to do.
It can make students catch rabbit in class instead listening carefully what teachers says.
To protect the high school from being keen on the mobile phone, here some personal slutions.
He interested in many kinds of activity for example: soccer, music and the Internet.
In the recent years, online shopping is becoming more and more popular.
Everything has two sides, so there are both advantages and disadvantages about online shopping.
For example, we can buy cheaper clothes on the Internet than once we buy them in the store.
Moreover, we can buy anything we need on the Internet.
Such as foods, shoes, skirts even if a pet.
It is convenient for someone who doesn't have time to go out.
All these are the advantages we can get from by online shopping.
However, when we buy clothes on the Internet, we won't know the clothes' quality.
It's tired for us to send it back to sellers.
We may never wear the clothes.
In my opinion, we can go to a store to look the clothes and remember the information of it.
When we get home, we can buy the same clothes on the Internet.
By this way, not only we can save our money but also we can buy some suitable clothes.
Now , I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
Berore the festival, people often do some cleaning, meaning sweeping the bad luck.
Parents buy some new clothes for their children frequently.
During Chinese Spring Festival, people put on their new clothes to welcome the new year.
Otherwise, the members sit around the table, eat dumplings and at the same time watch the TV show.
From my standpoint, Chinese Spring Festival is my favorite festival.
With the development of society, more people followed this whirlwind shopping on the Internet today, shopping online has become a trend.
As the weather gets colder, a growing number of white-collar workers are also more likely to shop online.
At home, easy and convenient.
In the traditional marketing model, a commodity to go into the hands of consumers.
Through layers of the exploits of agents.
While the low cost of online shopping is, site fees, utilities, wages, costs fell, prices also fell, but by national logistics Corporation, are often only a few days into your hands, and half the price of price traditions.
In the traditional way of shopping in the shops or large supermarkets.
Business time limits, consumers went shopping in person, online shopping much more flexible ways that customers can buy sell your merchandise at any time 24 hours, online shopping is not local, only require customers to open a Web site at home does not need to go out, the click of a mouse you can easily shop and sellers responsible for product delivery, can be completed in a very short period of time.
Compared with conventional shopping, shopping online return merchandise is a relatively cumbersome and cost risk things.
Second, receiving too slow.
Third, after-sales service.
Fourth, there is an online shopping drawback is that there are certain risks.
In my life I have met many good teachers, among which, I like my middle school English teacher most.
She was a little fat woman with long curled hair.
When I first saw her, I think she just like the other English teachers, who were boring and strict.
But , in fact, I was wrong.
I still remember the situation that she taught our first class.
A middle-aged woman with long curled hair came to our class.
She told us her English name was Emma, and requested us never call her teacher or teacher Emma.
On that day , we were singing, dancing and smiling.
I thought it was interesting at that time.
She was easygoing and she has never been impolite to us.
Oppositely, she treated us equally.
In her class, she always gave us laughter and told us mang English jokes.
She was such an excellent teacher that we got so much from her, not only the knowledge but also kindness, diligence.
She did not mind the students'slowness in learning, but what we learnt strong, she often asked us to recall the knowledge in class.
For me, she changed my mind in learning English.
Bfore I met her, I just thought English was boring.
I was informed not to wait for inspiration to start a thing.
I used to make the mistake of thinking that I had to feel inspired in order to write.
I have learned though, that is far from the truth.
I still fall into that trap while I was writing.
But that's in vain.
Besides, creative thinking also plays an important part in our writing.
Finally, you need a peculiar kind of sensitivity in your way to write.
More and More people look forward to being beautiful that's why there is excessive emphasis on appearance these days.
Some do cosmetic surgery and apply a heavy make-up while others even do some horrendous things in order to make themselves more beautiful.
These all do harm to people's health.
Furthermore, not only should we judge people by their appearance, but also we should judge the whole person.
Beauty without health is equivalent to a body without soul.
Only the people who with health are the most beautiful people.
As far as I am concerned, we should take actions to solve the problems caused by overcrowding.
In recent years, more and more people like to learn English online.
I think learning English online is a very good choice.
Finally, learning English online not only help us master the English, bnt also open us eyes.
With the development of science and technology, mobile phones are becoming the most popular communication device.
In my view, love means together  , our heart stay together.
To be honest, I really wanted back to that unforgettable days.
It was a long way to the countryside and it spent us a long time taking bus, we all feel tired, but we still have the strong will.
To our surprise, they picked up everything so fast because they were eager to gain knowledge although they were poor.
This is what the love means, we are here, we are together.
He escaped to London by himself because he can't put up with someone like Mrs.
Bumble and Mrs.
In a failed theft action, Oliver met Mr.
It was Mr.
There is a brave girl named Nancy, who risked her life telling Mr.
He became the adopted son of Mr.
As students, we always have a lot of exams every word.
The test is to use now check students learning.
First of all, some examinations do not reflect the true progress students.
Although their side effects, in the inspection and test show students' learning science and accurate.
There is a wide concern over the issue that which is crucial between Academic Performance and Communication Ability in the university .
A majority of people believe that Academic Performance is much more important than Communication Ability .
Whats more Academic Performance is also a key for graduates to go further studies.
In addition good Academic performance can also bring you a good job .
But on the other hand , other people hold the different idea that they think Communicatian Ability is significant to the former .
In the first place communication is a bridge connected to the different people .
As far as I am concerned , I think Academic Performance and Communication both are of great importance to us .
In short we should keep a balance between study and communication.
Capital is a very effective way to prevent these desperate and wild criminals from causing more disasters.
It robs them of their opportunity to live in the world.
It makes no preparation for them to create a bright future.
It is devoid of all possibilities for them to enjoy a wonderful life.
Not only does capital take no care of criminals' future, it also brings a large amount of sorrows and disasters .
It is universally acknowledged that everyone is born equal.
Therefore, we are supposed to treat everyone equally .
Capital is a kind of cruel, inhuman , ruthless punishment regardless of fraternity and philanthropy.
Besides, it also provokes a fit of sadness.
Last but not the least, it is lacking of kindness and forgiveness.
I'm Lucy, a girl from America, and now I live in New York.
Last week I went to Beijing for traveling with my parents.
We have been there four days.
The second day, we climbed the Great Wall, we were so tired.
And the third day, we went to the Forbidden City which is located on central axis of old Beijing.
The last day, we went to a Chinese restaurant to eat dumpings.
And then we went to Xidan to buy some gifts for my friends.
In the afternoon, we went back our home.
On the one hand, I recognized that almost everyone has this thought sometimes, because to some extents , each of us have more or less selfish , sometimes we only think ourselves, and do not think about others, some can produce this thought.
But on the other hand , I do not think people always like that.
As usual, people reach other because they have something want to know, so they want to reach others, and I am sure that all of us know it, so other people can answer their in no time unless there is some special situation.
People want to get along well wih other people, phone calls and text-messaging is a good way to reach other people.
As far as I am concerned, people do not always like think so.
because of the Internet.
Moreover, cultural encounters are the by-product of globalization.
In my opinion, cultural encounters cannot be avoided at present.
traditional culture.
by other cultures such as western culture, Japanese culture and so on.
Firstly, have a correct and fair attitude towards the problem.
is full vitality with thousands of years history.
In order to relieve employment situation, a suggestion is made that companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities for the new generation.
On the other hand, a considerable proportion of them are specialized personnel in certain fields.
Also note that Mr.
At the moment, we are all busy now.
My father is reading newspaper, my mother is writing letters to her friend .
watching TV.
Now let me introduce a series of activities that I've taken part in.
I took part in literature club three months ago.
So in free time, I hve a great chance to appreciate famous books which were written by excellent writers.
What's more, after plenty of study and practice, I've made progress in writing compositions.
In sport aspect, it's a desirable idea to learn ping-pang.
Having studied for a long time, playing it made me feel excited.
In addition, watching English films has become my main entertainment way.
I not only get realxed from it but also learn how to speak English better.
The activities which we enjoy can improve our abliity even helps us to lead a perfect future.
So we should choice healthy and fantastic activities.
If an activity is something you don't like, you can give up it though most of individuals are interested it.
I think something you really like, it's best to you.
Nowsdays, computers are very popular around us.
Many people like chat with people in the Internet.
This way have both advantages and disadvantages.
Beside, whenever you want chat , always have a person wait you.
But every coin has two sides.
To begin with , this way will make people have fewer opportunities to talk to each other face to face.
What is more, it may be let people perfer writing to speaking .
The last but not least, due to you and you Internet friends never see each other.
So, for society of managers, the government, it is necessary to make some regulation to regulate the behavior of the citizens.
The most valuable thing is that we know mistakes and put right.
Some classmates think going online is good for our study.
Because it can help us learn more information and broaden our minds.
We can only get a part of information and broaden our minds.
We can only get a part of information which we must know from books, and that's why we need to study online.
The second reason is we can communicate with each other and sharing things that made us happy with other people.
It will make us more happy to do that.
If we are tired of our homework , we can also play some games to relax.
But the other classmates think it is bad for our life .
They think most of students can't draw them up.
They will play games and communicate with other people all the time.
I think going online is good or bad depends on the person.
If he can draw him up well, it will help him a lot .
themselves lost contact with the outside world.
As the cartoon shows the Humble abode are locked themselves into a small place.
send.
they are indifferent to their relatives.
the Humble abode is a serious people for society.
and passion .
If asked whether we could still enjoy our comfortable, convenient and contented modern life without the new technological inventions, we would definitely answer no  .
Phones seem to be so dominant in daily life that they have become indispensable to our life.
There is indeed some truth in the worry.
People tend to spend too much time on technological inventions, which leads to the terrible result that people have no time interacting with others in real life.
If this continues, the gap between people will be wider and wider.
For another, people become too reliant on the new technological inventions to solve problems in life.
In view of all the above analysis, I suggest we make good use of inventions.
On the one hand, we should take full advantage of it to improve ourselves.
It is easily seen that many college students choose to take part-time jobs, such as family education, waiters and so on .
The Winter Holiday is coming.
So I feel extremely happy.
During the holiday we'll have the Spring Festival.
Every day in my Winter Holiday, I get up late.
First, I got up to meet friends.
After meeting my friends, my family including a trip.
Of course, study is essential, so I don't forget to read books.
Our country set anniversary for historical significant events.
If our country do not set such a anniversary for history, I believe that a part of Chinese people still do not know which year the Anti Japanese War explored, not to mention the specific date of the Anti Japanese War, I am very ashamed but have to recognize that I am the kind of person belong to that part of Chinese.
In July 7th,1937, Japan launched entire aggression war, it is called Anti Japanese War, this war is with the Second World War.
Confronted with cruel and heartless Japanese invaders, Chinese people do not fear, do not shrink back, take heart to meet this bloody battle.
The Anti Japanese War lasted 8 years, our country sacrificed more than 350 million people including brave soldiers and volunteered civilians.
After 8-year's battle, people, material resources and finance lost hugely.
In the end, China won the war and Japan surrendered without any condition.
Japan has offended China more than once.
Nanjing Massacre, we can realize the cruel means of Japan to China from relative film or themes.
However, we are living in the new and peaceful world, whatever identity we are regarded as except eyewitness, to watch the massacre, we will all grow a kind of anger that both man and God hate greatly.
In Nanjing, Japanese massacred 2 million even 3millions Chinese soldiers and civilians, set fire, robbed, raped violently and so on.
Japanese did not let women and children off, even old men.
All the crimes Japan has committed, regardless of the aggression of China or the damage to the world peace, all this can not be blotted out.
But Japan strongly denies his behavior to China, even has rewritten their textbook.
We memorize history, not for revenging one day, it is not an extension of sin, it is for remembering the dead who guard our country, bring peace to us.
In order to protect our home, to protect the future of us, they have sacrificed their life.
We only remember history, remember them, remember their sacrifice, and their sacrifice is in order to defend China.
Now, let us continue the protection.
China has gone through vicissitudes and improved more, we must not forget the effort of backside.
Whether the past China or present China, both of them are named China.
I AM VERY HAPPY TO RECIVE YOU LETTER.
AND HEAR FROM YOUR SCHOOL LIFE.
I ALWAYS GET UP AT 7 O'CLOCK.
I HAVE MY BREAKFAST AND THEN I GO TO SCHOOI BY SCHOOL BUS.
WHEN THE RING RINGS.
WE WILL HAVE MY FIRST CLASS.
MY BEST LESSON IS ENGLISH AND HISTORY.
BUT, I DON'T LIKE MATH AND CHEMISTRY.
I USUALLY HAVE CLUB ACTIVITIES AFTER SCHOOL.
I JOIN BASKETBALL AND THE SCHOOL CHOIR.
I will take his to the Taiji Cave.
I choose this place.
Because this place have lake and mountain.
Just arrive to this place.
You can go to play in the lake.
At the same time, you can see beautiful lotus.
Then, Though the woods.
You can play on the swing.
Last, you will really come to the Taiji Cave's door.
In the hole.
You can see many stalactites.
These are natural wonders.
These stalactites are colorful.
At last.
Many people propose the idea that education can be beneficial to the society.
To begin with, education can let our science and technology make great progress.
China, as a developing country, is determined to catch up with the developed countries.
The possible ways to do so is to give first priority to education.
This is crucial for China to catch up with the developed nations in today's surging waves of the technological revolution.
Next, a wide range of social issues can be effectively remedied by a high-quality education which imparts moral principles.
Suppose if education can be available to everyone, people will do with many things in a humorous and efficient way.
Besides, knowledge is power and education certainly can occupy the top place of any government's agenda.
Finally, a great amount of economic value can be generated if higher education is available to more people.
Diogenes Laertius once said  The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.
as we all know, love is around everyone.
There's lots of love around me as well .
She gets up early in order to make breakfast .
l think there are many people need love .
l'll help the old cross the road.
First, I want to claim my understanding of success.
Not teaching us how to find a job, how to continue to get a higher diploma after graduating from university.
Instead, unversity should lead us to recognize ourself, help us to watch this world using correct method, most important, it should help us find our dream.
I exist in this world, not because a good job, a good salary, but because i can think, i can look for my dream, i can do things that i want to do.
The happiest people is who know himself.
I am not saying job and salary are not important, it is just productions of our dream.
Whatever you do, just be your dream, just be happy.
I think the most important factor to be successful is that you must have your own thought.
Equally crucial, all these things are under general background of the market economy and hence we should implement everything under the economy system.
Hi, John.
I will tell you something about Chinese Soring Festival.
To Chinese, the Spring Festival is the most important of the traditional Chinese holidays.
The festival traditionally begins on the first day of the first month in the Chinese calendar and ends on the 15th.
Chinese New Year's Eve is known as chu xi.
Within Chinese, regional customs and traditions concerning the celebration of the Chinese new year very widely.
People will pour out their money to buy presents, decoration, matercial, food and clothing.
During the Spring Festival, people use red lantern and Spring Festival couplets decorate a house , put on all kinds of coloured clothes, often visit friends and relatives or together eat dumplings, fish, meat and other delicious food.
The children are looking forward to receiving red envelope money, and together they play each other the fireworks, with happy.
away from home even sell the children's organ.
But have enough time, which is not belong to him.
The principle must be clear.
The victims could be people or objects .
No crime would be ignored .
In a conclusion , we should prove someone innocent or not clearly .
Self-confidence, frankly speaking, has been viewed as an essential and indispensable component for individuals and groups to stand in society.
  There is no doubt that one without self-confidence cannot get along well with others.
Above all, tell yourself that I can do it myself frequently, which contributes to you enhancing your confidence.
Secondly, challenge yourself continually and do what you are afraid of before, which could promote your courage.
In fact, lack of self-assertion might attribute to fear of failures and worrying about losing face.
From my view, there is no need for us to be concerned about it.
Believe it or not, everyone begins with green hands and no one never lose face in his whole life.
Take it easy, failures and face-losing mean nothing in our profound and colorful lives.
By contract, if you make every possible effort to challenge it positively and actively, you might find out reasons and solutions.
Last but not least, to be a free and easy person.
There is no absolutely perfect person in the real world.
Thus, do not put too much stresses yourself, which results in sresss-related illnesses eventually.
It is manifest that only when you become positive and optimistic can you cope with troubles effectively.
As long as you are alive, you ought to be equipped with confidence by whatever way you can imagine.
The charts were too larger to spread on the delicate tea table, Dick saw the problem.
Once More to the Lake is one of the most enduring essay of E. B .
--remembered how the bedroom smelled of the lumber it was made of and of the wet woods whose scent entered through the screen.
I began to sustain the illusion that he was I, and therefore, by simple transposition, that I was my father.
Then the kettle drum, then the snare, then the bass drum and cymbals, then cracking light against the dark, and the gods grinning and licking their chops in hills.
The author uses the simple words to create a grand spectacle .
Our school was established in 2010, so the facilities is not perfect.
On the one hand, the quality of the food is bad.
For instance, sometimes the rice is hard and the food is too salty.
On the other hand, the price is too high.
Two vegetarian dishes need more than 5 yuan.
I wish canteen service could be improved.
They can keep down the price and improve the quality of the food.
My name is L.
I am good in English and graduated from Q University.
I have a good command of English, especially in reading and writing.
I am also skilled in all commonly-used software in office.
I am hardworking, outgoing and self-effacing.
I will get along well with everybody.
What is more.
I look forward to your reply at you earliest convenience.
Taday, a growing number of children in china are staying at home, not because they are giving up education but because their parents think they will actually receive a better education at home .
It has become a common part of people's life.
What impress us most is that people's opinions vary on homeschooling.
The reasons China's current education mode puts heavy study pressure on students and many of them suffer from depression and even commit suicide.
That is more that maintaining that students need interaction with classmates, so that they can fit into society.
As to me , homeschooling is advisable as long as the family can afford it .
On the one hand, as people's personalities differ, so education should be diversified.
Working moms, those with a baby child, always face big challenges.
The benefits for working moms who have baby children are obvious.
In the first place, they can get more money to support their children.
It is known to us that today raising a child costs plenty of money.
So the working moms' income can help their children receive better education.
Also, finding a job when the baby is young can help moms get more experience.
On the other hand, there are some disadvantages for working moms.
For example, when the babies are young, they need their moms' love and care, but working moms cannot take care of them every moment when the babies need.
So the relationship between moms and babies may not be so good.
Yesterday, I saw a film name UNBROKEN in the class with my classmate.
This film is very encouragement.
It just like a teacher, to teach me how to strong herat, more powerful and how to survive in extreme environments.
This film was talked about a soldier call Louie in World War .
When he perform a tasks.
The plane was break down into the sea.
Only 3 people alive.
They drifing at sea few days.
The lifeboat had one chocolate and a bottle of the fresh water.
With the development of science and technology, e-books are becoming more and more popular.
E-books have a lot of advantages.
First of all, it is easy to find what people want to read just by typing the title without going to the library.
Secondly, some e-books are free of charge and can be read without spending money.
By this way, a growing number of people can acquire knowledge and meet their need to study and work, which can perform people's behavior .
And it is very essential to develop a harmonious country.
What's more, paper books are made by wooden.
And these actions do harm to our environment, even the terrible environment has a bad effect on people's health.
E-books do have disadvantages.
For example, they hurt people's eyes if people read too long.
If things go on like this, their eyesight becomes more and more poor.
What'more, reading e-books needs people to have a computer and it must get access to the Internet.
Possessing these devices have to spend a lot of money and these can add to the financial burden of some families.
What makes matters worse, people can't make notes on pages if they want to write their ideas and thoughts.
As far as I'm concerned, history makes everything.
In the ancient times, people used bamboo books and now people use paper books.
Maybe in the future, people will never have paper books and they have to be associated with e-books.
As is known to all that there are more and more advanced ways for us to communicate with others.
I like blog writing.
For I think blog is very funny and convenient.
For example, if you are a shy girl, you do not dare to make a speech in public, but here, you can express your thoughts heartily.
Next, blog writing offered me more opportunities to approach famous stars, for many stars also use blog to communicate with their fans.
Finally, I agree with that blog just like a newspaper.
But to our disappointed, there are some problems about blog writing.
AS far as I am concerned, I claim to write blog is very convenient.
Nevertheless everything has two sides.
  Knowledge is power.
It was also the time, such as the magic bank.
Lu said: Time, like a sponge in the water, as long as you are willing to squeeze the total, is still there.
  Chi-round who, although difficult will be easy; the line than those who, although much will attain.
s, American quality guru Deming management repeatedly to Panasonic, Sony, Honda and other companies to give lectures, he taught the most simple method - increased by 1% per day.
Dear Mr.
I'm monitor of Students' Union, Li Hua.
In order to getting close to nature and taking exercise, we make a decision to orginise students to take part in an outdoor activity.
At the school gate will we get together at 7:30.
Actually our activity is from 8am to 11am.
Guang Ming Farm which is 2 kilometres away from our school is where we hold our activities.
Whether going there by bus or on foot is up to students.
In my view, it must be a full morning.
Planting vegetables as well as watering flowers is a part of our activities.
Please write to me to inform me whether you are coming or not on Sunday.
I had a long holiday for National Day .
I enjoyed myself.
Secondly I went for a trip with my parents, we went to many places of interest in Beijing.
we took many photoes.
I also see many foreigh who are very friendly.
I spoke to them, but I find it's hard to understand me for them.
that time I really realized we need learn english well to help us communicate with others.
After that, My sister held a party and invited some of her best friends to welcome and visit me, Iwas very happy that night .
After the end of the holiday, I still miss the fun of life, hope to the future life colorful, .
As for the warm memories, we would like to hold them longer usually and remind them of frequently.
Nowadays, Our country's air pollution become more and more serious.
Particularly, in some economy develop very quickly city.
Such as Beijing .
Guangzhou.
This measure is very useful.
Firstly.
to a certain extent , it can solve the air pollution.
It can reduce the automobie exhaust .
As far as I am concern , limiting the use of private cars is a good method.
It not only solve the environment problem, but also it promote the bus development.
On summer holiday my parents took me to Beijing .
We stayed at Huabei Hotel .
On the first day , we went to the Great wall is very long and oal .
Each brick is big and heavy .
lolts of people from different countries like climbing the Great wall .
It has a very long history .
I bought alot of souvenirs of the palaces these are.
I visited the palace museum and felt excited .
Nowadays, all of People of China are worried about Food safety problem.
Many booth at roadside use illegal cooking oil, Their food is carcinogenic, shortly, market appear tainted milk.
Their milk utilizes a lot of chemical additives like Melamine.
It will contaminate many people when they were lovely baby.
In order to ensure Human health, I think the government should set up trade barriers for food and People don't buy anything from the booth at roadside.
Hello , everyone .
What's more , college life means freedom and enjoyment .
Everything was strange in my eyes: different location, different atmosphere, different people, different habits, which seemed to turn my life uneasy.
On the other side , I didn't worry about consequence of examination any more and there were endless activities on their arrivals to wait for my participation .
Freedom really exist .
You know, I don't mean to disappoint you .
Behind my description , you can learn the first challenge you 'll meet is the adaptation .
Faced with this problem , we need to be properly confident .
Senior brothers and sisters are willing to give you a hand .
They are good listeners and also advisor , never put the resources aside .
Together with someome , you can rise or fall as one family , as one team.
As is known, it's not accepted by the wise person .
I always spend my free time in some interesting ways.
I've got a hobby that always makes me feel happy.
I'm fond of drawing picture.
I draw about the view of my city that I see outside the win dow.
sometime I go out to a village to get some good ideas of drawing.
Beside, I also hang out wiht some friends when I'm free.
I always have a good time and the time flies away when you enjoy it.
People face a lot of failure in their lives and it is a terrible thing to us.
We often consider that if we can do it successfully or not.
Especially, the closer we get to success, the fear we will worry about.
As the saying goes  Failure is the mother of success  .
We can learn the lesson from it.
People who toward positive attitude may think that failure is good opportunity for them to change their situation which would make them lose their hope, confidence and even ruin their future.
Most people suggest that heroes refer to persons who did a great success or died for the country, but Roman Rolland didn't agree it.
She concerned that a hero can not be told by his or her physique and pay more attention to his or her spirit and character.
Roman Rolland suffered from tolerating of miserable life.
Her life was arduous, which was full of poverty, botheration, loneliness and travail.
comfort each other.
It was necessary that someone consecrated great intelligent to people who were poor and subjected to disease, gave them consolation and inspire as well.
On the contrary, some people hold a negative attitude towards failure.
These people are given in when they are forced by poverty, pressure, failure and even made a little mistakes.
For instance, if you work in a company, you could not finish your assignment on time.
Nevertheless, I still don't believe that failure is a bad thing.
Success will be gained of failures so long as we need to how to learn the lesson from our failures.
Switzerland, situated in Central Europe, covers an area of forty-one thousands square kilometers.
It has a population of 7.5 million.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland and Geneva is the famous city of the world.
It was called  The garden of the world  because of its fascinating scenery.
It is a popular starting point for many excursions.
And you will have pressure in you live and may want to give up your life.
With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers, shopping online has become a commonplace in our life.
They just only need to click the mouses can sove everything.
Next in important is cheap and fast.
So people can save a lot of time and energy.
Firstly, we can't be sure of the goods 'quality.
Secondly, when we buy clothes, we can't try them on personally.
Generally speaking, I think that advantages of online shopping are much more than its disadvantages.
The most important is that we shouldn't be greedy.
to say it is a wise choice.
It has been a long time since I left home.
In China, I studied with my Chinese friends and we always communicated with each other.
We also took part in some sports activities together and we knew a lot about each other.
In order to know more about Chinese culture, I visited some places of interest in Beijing which were really beautiful.
I also watched Peking Opera which was really good.
The traditional food in Beijing is very delicious and I like eating it very much.
By doing these, I know more about Chinese history.
During the Spring Festival, I celebrated the Chinese traditional festival in my friend's home and we ate the Chinese traditional food, dumplings.
I love the live I had here and I enjoyed myself.
We also can accept to give you firm offers of C.
There are two opinion between them.
Some of them think getting online can help them to get information and you can broaden your horizon.
Sometimes, chatting with your friends is a good choice.
But some people don't agree with them.
their views as follows: Firstly, it is bad for our eyes.
Then, most of poor self-control children are addicted to chatting and playing games.
What's more, it wastes our time and energy.
In my opinion, we should think it in two ways.
In a word, we should learn how to get online.
I think we should give him a remedy to have a long contract with him.
I am glad to have the honor to welcome you, representing the whole class.
As winter is approaching, the weather here becomes colder.
So it's necessary to bring adequate warm clothes.
Our class are composed of 42 adorable students, and soon you will be the 43rd.
The harmonious environment will be easy to fit in for you.
Except for an exchange student, you come as a friend.
In your life, you may experience many things, but just one thing you will never forget.
In my first year of college, I found a part-time job.
Everyday after class, I would go to the shop to help them sell drinks for two hours.
At first, it was not easy for me since I had never done some extra jobs and had no experience.
I had not sold a thing all week.
Worse more, I started to complain about it and wanted to give it up.
What I thought was that I could not do it well, and it was difficult to accomplish.
When I talked about it to the manger, he said: one month later, you will think about it, and he also told me some experience.
The next week, I tried to do what he had told me, gradually, there were some customers buying my drinks, day by day, it became so easy for me to do the job.
I stopped complaining but started enjoying it.
Lucklily, the customers were not so picky as before.
No pains, no gains.
Whatever you do, you should not give it up, just take it as a beautiful thing in your life.
No experience, no growth.
Maybe it seems unfinished, but if you put your heart into it, you can do it well.
It is reported recently that two students who faked their ethnic identity to get bonus points in the college entrance exam has been punished.
People's views about this phenomenon vary form one to another.
Some people take it for granted since many people do so while some other people oppose.
To begin with, the integrity is the basic principle for harmonious society.
In today's society, integrity has been increasingly ignored by some dishonest people.
So I think stressing the awareness of integrity in an urgent action.
What's more, integrity is the key to get a long-term friendship.
Everyone is eager to have a sincere friend and nobody likes dishonesty.
People who are honest can always gain other's respect and friendship.
Without integrity, we can't do anything.
Moreover, the integrity is also one of our traditional virtues.
As the old chinese saying, man cannot live without integrity.
To be honest means that we should treat people heart and soul.
All in all, integrity is to our life what blood is to our body.
Integrity wins trust, respect and honor.
So it is desirable that the government should take some immediate measures to punish the dishonest people.
Every one want to be triumphant, but only a few of them can make a great prosperity.
Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
When I was a middle school student, my study was so terrible that nobody intended to make friends with me.
I was excessively lazy about the study.
Since then I got rid of the bad habit and learning more conscientious.
From then on I was always wrapped in books, neglecting sleep and meals.
Under the circumstances, I cannot learning unduly much.
There's no doubt that, everyone has a dream, no matter it's small or big or even it's hard to be come true.
  Without dreams, your life may just like sailing without a campus.
However, the fact is that many people will be defeated by the reality.
As between the idea and reality, between the act and the motion, fall the shadow.
Owing to this, many people having a dream always choose to accept the reality instead of insisting on their dream.
From my perspective, what we should do the best is to try to narrow the gap between them.
First , we should never give up our dreams, because the process of struggling for our dream is so meaningful to our life.
Furthermore, we need dreams, for they can give us a direction to find our way to success.
Just take Shelly, the British poet, for an example.
He insisted on struggling for his dream and strongly criticize the dark side of the reality and express his thoughts by writing some poems.
The student who face the problem of a checkout assistant is the one who I want to talk with.
I also think that woman is rude, but that's not the reason for you to take the money away.
This ten-pound note belongs to the supermarket.
In my opinion, if you are not pleased with the checkout assistant, you can find the manager first.
Then give the money to him.
And tell him your thoughts.
Only get the things right to you.
Mr.
Forty per cent of students thought that we should keep them in zoos.
In their opinion, animals which were kept in zoos not only could be taken good care of but also could be visited by visitors.
But the others sixty per cent of students had different thoughts.
They thought that it's cruel of us to do so becauseanimal preferred to live in the wild rather than living in the zoos, although they would have shorter lives.
I thinkwe should keep them in zoos, and it's neccessary forus to protect them , for example, reporting any hurting of endangered animals is helpful.
In our life, we must have many experiences that is unforgettable.
As for me, I also had the experience.
In my memory, the clear thing is the first day I went to a new school with my father, he was busy clearing my dormitory and making the bed.
I chould have thought I was brave enough, but I was worry.
when my father disappered at the gate of my dormitory, I was cried silently.
I chatted with my mother about my school life at night and my mother told me a thing that made me change my mind about my father.
She said that after my father went home, he also cried when they were eating food.
I thought my father was worried about whether I was hungry.
I could have thought father's love is deep and silent, so it does.
Now I feel the love clearly, He likes a mountain to me, children also likes a crystal for parents.
I love my father as he loves me, he is my hero, Thanks for the love he gives me.
English as a lingua franca is used by many states in all the would.
Under the globalization, every college students should learn English well.
First of all, to master a large number of words is the key to improve my English well.
If I want to learn English well, I need recite words.
So I plan to recite words every morning.
Of course recite words are not enough, I think I also need to recite the grammar and phrases.
Practice makes perfect.
It is true in anything, so I plan to do a lot of English exercises.
Sometimes I think learning English is boring.
So I plan to learn English from English songs.
On the one hand, listening to music can make me feel relaxed.
On the other hand, listening to English song can help me to learn English.
In the same way, I will watch some English movies.
I think in this way my spoken English will better and better.
I also plan to find a friend who can speak English well.
I want to make some dialogues with him.
I think it is necessary for me to learn English.
Of course if I can find a foreign friend, whose English is his mother tongue will be better.
We can help each other.
I can teach him Chinese.
I will insist to learn English and I will make myself really love English.
My namd is Huang Yuqiao.
My favorites subject is Chinese.
I think Chinese very much.
And my English is not very good.
I will do better.
I like listen to music, i like read comics and novels.
My hobby is painting and singing.
I want to become a painter .
I was wording hard for it.
I want to make friends with some friendly and helpful people.
I think play with them have fun.
I think I will work hard in high school.
Hello, ladies and gentlemen .
Take my classes for instances, I decide to pay more attention to my specialized course such as mechanics of materials.
I'm now having the most important exam in my life.
I can say nothing but thank to you both on this special occasion because words are failed when I think of the love you have shown on me.
During the essential year, I spare every effort on study.
So I get on well with the exam which I used to expected.
After the exam, I will intend to do homework which I was seldom to do to help you.
I would like to help cleaning first.
What's more, it is cooking that I want to learn best.
Dear parents, everything is going on well.
There has appeared a boon of television PK shows these years.
But others disagree with.
Even if some people who are lazy use the ready-made work.
So it only can make the strong people stronger, make the inferior people less inferior.
It good for us at this point.
There are only one earth, so we must love her.
Everyday people throw away a lot of rubbishes into the sea and late.
There are many factories in our city, and there are lots of car.
We burn things to make energy.
And we cut done many trees, the forests are fewer and fewer.
There is only one earth, so we should stop doing the things to pollute her.
The first one, we can't catch lots of fish from the sea, and we can't cut done a lot of trees.
But we can plant trees.
The second, we can go out by bike or on foot.
The third, we must take carefully to the water then we can't waste it.
Fristly, learning English is our study duty.
Finally.
Furthermore, once the credit problem produces, they will have a shadow in the whole financial industry .
What's more , there are many temptation wait for us when we are striving for success in our way that is to tough dream .
Dear little brothers and sisters, when you first stepped into our university, you must be excited about the new life and your bright future.
Therefore, I have some suggestion for your study.
Initially, you must be clear of what you are going to learn.
Secondly, the way of learning is also of great importance.
In general, college study requires a sense of self-principle and self-control.
Last but not least, to work out why you still have to study is quite significant.
As a college student who is not mature and intellectual enough, you have to learn more to enrich yourself, broaden your horizon, promote your spiritual level and put your dreams into reality.
Either have their own dignity, and peace of mind to spend money .
Listening plays an important role in our English study life.
Or say, listening is the most important thing when we learn English.
It must be that you can not do anything.
Just like deaf.
It's so terrible.
You can not answer questions.
You can not talk to others.
All bacause of your poor listening ability.
Now, there is an another question.
First of all, doing listening exercises.
This is the simplest and most effective way to improve listening ability.
Second, you can listen English music and watch English movies.
Learning in a relax environment can be more effective.
If you can hold on to the last.
Emily is a member of a family in the antebellum Southern aristocracy; after the Civil War, the family has fallen on hard times.
When Emily is about thirty years old, her father goes away but she don't accept it.
After she understanding her father's death, she becomes friendly and then she meets up with her lover, Homer Barron.
Although Emily is full of bright hope for marring him, Homer never thinks about marry with someone.
In end, she eventually murders Homer and dies as recluse.
Finally, her neighbors find that Emily has died for long time in her house.
Totally speaking, Tess's death is due to her family backgrounds.
The combination of Tess's family background.
I still remember my English teacher Ms.
She is the best thacher who I have seen .
My best friend in the middle school is Mengyu Zhang .
PLSD to be advised that the cargo under Sales Confirmation NO J-29 has been shipped , transport in HONGKONG by ship of May flower  .
This appoitment deal by CFR.
Alas, actually you were far beyond my wildest dreams and I had no idea about how to bridge that gulf between you and me, so I just wait, wait, wait.
I have a friend, his name is Bob.
Today is the birthday of his 13 years old.
His favourite colour is green.
His favorite sport is playing basketball.
He went to play basketball after school every day.
He likes the spring.
Nowadays, in our campus, we can see the phenomenon many students waste a large quantity of energy, water and other things.
It's crucial to create a conservation-oriented campus.
Firstly, the society is a conservation-oriented society so we should save more resources as possible as we can.
Secondly, the resources in our earth are becoming more ang more lacking of, we ought to leave some of them for our later generations.
As far as I'm concerned, we students ought to do something from ourselves.
When we leave our classroom remember to turn off the lights and don't forget to turn off the tap after we use water.
Besides, we'd better avoid using some disposable articles.
In a taxi to school, I found no money with me .
Doubtful , I tried again, coat, pants .
  just a little itchy.
Normal, I have been driving for 20years --.
Giving no chance to reply, you began to tell your story.
Based on the factors referred above, I think a correct attitude is that whether to choose one or not depends on the ability to him rather than the sexism .
This summer vacation doesn't like usuai, I didn't go to the beach or other places.
Dancing was tired especially sweating in summer.
It's very uncomfortable.
But I enjoyed it.
I was so happy that I got great progress.
Different people have different ways of learning.
On the one hand.
According to reports this learning method can further understand of text meaning.
I'm more easily understand the teacher's meaning and Mmake me in class has a high efficiency filter so as to achieve better results.
On the other hand Reading requires a lot of time and effort.
This may let us haven't enough time to play.
In conclusion.
The correct learning methods are intensely essential to people.
Nowadays, English writing becomes more and more important as one of the English skills.
Firstly, English writing is a very efficient approach to communication.
Communication at work occupy a vital initiative, no communication, no result.
Secondly, it's one of the basic skills for an internationalized talent.
Thirdly, it's a means of self-marketing in today's fierce competion.
Nowadays, getting a satisfied job becomes harder.
The Spring Festival is approaching.
During the Spring Festival, I can relax myself by various activities, such as reading and playing games.
The most exciting time is that when my family watch TV together.
We watch CHUN WAN every year.
Although many people think it is boring, I also like it, because it is a symbol of the Spring Festival.
This is my Spring Festival.
In order to get over all these sympathies , I would love to share some methods with those students.
First things first, make a suitable plan before the exam is of great importance.
Besides, try to balance study and rest as usual, stay up too late does harm to our health.
What more, taking a warm bath and drinking hot milk before go to bed, it can give you a sweet dream.
Recently, it has been growing up to public focus whether Postponing retirement age is possible, although now men retire at 60.
Firstly, from a firm's perspective, it needs to get new blood, cultivate core talents to keep thriving.
Secondly, from the social perspective, the high-level employees retiring at the age of 55 may reduce unemployment, helping for the social stability.
The employment and the promotion have been two plights for the new generation.
The unemployment rate is the barometer of social stability.
The retirement of the elder implies the promotion of the younger, while some young employees promoting signifies the opportunities for the unemployed.
Finally, retiring earlier is also benefit for these high level employees, who maintain a long status of spending little time on their families and doing what they like, except work.
So I think the Internet is a good and bad things, can use, but can't completely depend on.
From the picture, we can know a phenomenon, the number of college students taking part-time jobs is more and more from 1990s.
Teachers need to do it to teach their students.
are reading.
Because that can make you brain exciting.
But don't reading too much.
Because you need to relax.
But if you feel like doing it.
You can do if more.
Because it can make you happy.
You should try your best to read.
But don't do it only.
You can also write something and listen to the tape at the same time.
Environmental pollution is one of my most concerned about social issues.
I think person waste serious now.
Environmental pollution in many aspects.
Environmental protection is our most important task at present.
In order to reduce the pollution to the environmental, I think country should publish some policies.
Reduce the number of large ractory.
Less private cars and by bus or bike.
Finally, I believe in our common efforts of environment will become better and better.
Because of company has won a large export order, so i will organize foreign language training for some.6 person should attend it.
There are Zhangxue, Liuying, Shangyuemei, Yangyuan, Zhangchuli and Sunnan.
First, one kid only is very in common in most families.
Sometimes they may thank others for little things, but take their parent's love for granted.
Second, when they grow up and go to colleges, they may have many things to do for themselves.
So they have little time to say thanks for their parents.
On the other hand, even if they realized that they owe their parents a lot.
They still don't know how to express their gratitude to their parents.
First, parents shouldn't indulgence their kids.
At the same time, parents could create the opportunities of saying thanks to them for their kids.
Second, I advise that colleges should set some lessons to let they realize how hard their parents done for them.
And they need to express their gratitude to their parents.
last, as college students, should take a part-time job.
It can let they learn a lot.
In the recent years, the tourism has become more and more popular .more and more people enjoy spending time in travelling .
Because travelling nowadays is more and more cheaper.
Moreover.
Learn about the world.
Thus.
In order to attract tourist, a lot of stores .
With the increasing of the tourist .
Some of them does not know how to preserve the environment .
The more tourist .
the more car.
However, its advantage is always overweighed to the disadvantage .
For the first of all , the number of visitor in one area should be limited properly .
Third, it is important to deal with the rubbish properly in cities.
I want to learn English for different reasons.
First, I must learn to speak English to adjust to the changes that the world is becoming smaller and smaller.
In addition, the subject of the school requires us to study English.
Last but not least, English is a common language in the world.
My favorite person is the mother.
First, she gave me life, I came into this world.
From childhood, she taught me to Know - and how based on social.
She is very warm to others.
Therefore, Her popularity is particularly good, the people around all admire her, so she has always been my role model.
My mother is very good on my grandparents, I made a good example.
So every time to go home I will chat late into the night.
Each house guests, and she taught me how polite.
Although she is only an ordinary kindergarten teacher, but in the ordinary post, he made extraordinary achievements.
There is a old saying, you are precious treasure when you have a mother.
She gives me a chance to see this wonderful world.
She brings me up carefully.
She teaches me a lot about how to deal with others and remain good relationship with them.
Without mother I do not know what I will be like.
Without mother my life would be in mass.
From mother I learnt a lot.
Her diligence tought me that if I wanted something I shoud get it by my own hands.
Firstly, I should be more diligent.
We all know the old saying that: Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
No one was born to be successful, what behinds the glory of success are always the perspiration and tears that person hasa devoted.
For me, I was always afraid of piles of works and appears to be lazy.
I can find a lot of excuses for my sloth.
Secondly, I should be brave.
What I mean here is to overcome the timid and weak-willed nature.
Life is always full of misery, no on can really make clear of what's going in the future.
I'm young and energetic, I have the chance to experience failure and grow up.
Thirdly, I should be modest.
I'm a kind of person who enjoy the life we have now and feel satisfied of what I've already have.
But teh fact is that there are many people who are more talent than you, what I can do is learning from everybody.
Even though someone may not as excellent as you are, they must have some personalities that we don't have.
My first day in Senior High school is wonderful.
My first memory of school is the buildings.
The shape of buildings looks like the letter E  .
My first teacher is a conscientious woman called Ms Liu.
Then she let us introduce ourselves to each other in the first lesson.
It's my favourite activity when I was in first grade, because I can know about others easily and quickly.
My first best friend is Li Yishu.
She is enthusiastic and extroverted.
This is my first day at my new school.
I maked many friends.
I'm interested in sales staff.
I'm seventeen years old and i'm still at school now.
So i can only work on the weekends.
I don't have the experience in this job.
But i believe i will do my best to do this job.
I have lots of advantages to do this job.
First of all, My mother is a businesswoman in clothes, and i learn a lot of things from her.
Second, i'm very outgoing , and i think i'm so easy to make friends with a stranger quickly.
I look forward to getting this job cause i need the money to afford my study.
Tourism contributes to the increasing of the service industries, it also transforming the transportation, and encouraging the culture and the sport improves to a high level.
As the increasing of the tourist, tourism gives rise to a number of problems.
Therefore, we should balance the advancing and back.
There are sides of oppions about it.
Some students who are in faror of using phone can get a mass of information by surfing the internet.
However, others think that it is bad for our study to use phones.
Due to play games.
From that I said above, I think it is very convenient to call our friends and family to keep our relationship.
But just a popur saying goes: every coin has two sides.
The academic dishonesty on campus increasingly become a heated topic recently.
Last but not least, This act effects your future life, work and so on.
You always call SOS when get an assignment.
What's more, we can broaden our horizon and enhance the understanding of the world.
the people and ourselves .
Make a good friefdship is also important to you .
I suggest you to join a group of active .
That's all.
if you have some questions i will do my best to answer you.
So English plays a key role in many respects, such as traveling, commercial etc.
This year is my first time that I didn't spend the Spring Festival with my family in Tianjin.
I went to Hainan to go on holiday.
After giving my grandma a call, I missed her very much.
Maybe I let out such a sharp cry, an old lady came out to see what happened.
She was my neighbour in the apartment.
She walked up to me, with pity in her face.
She touched me by the shoulder and asked what was wrong with me softly.
She seemed to understand something.
She held my hand and walked toward her room.
I got a shock: nobody was in the room, but there was a great number of dishes on the table.
She invited my father too.
She said that her husband had died since several years ago and she had to spend the Spring Festival lonely, we were lonely just right, so she invited us.
During the dinner, she raised me up all the time, served meals for me, and told me some of her interesting experiences.
Soon, I felt happy and warm instead of sadness.
In this way, we spent a nice evening.
I didn't feel sad any more.
I was so moved by her behavior.
I can't forget her smile and the experience.
This is the best Spring Festival which I have spent.
I have two elder sister.
I like to watch movies.
But interestingly , i have never go to the theater.
I also like to play badminton .
But the most different hobbies i have is that i am crazy about skating.
Because they have regularly time to relax and i think they all have ability to deal with everything.
Or i will have a cake house.
I want to make more happiness to my customer and at the same time, making sweets can make me happy.
I joined many clubs , all of them are my love.
As far as I am concerned, the goverment should undertake the responsibility to reduce the real estate price soaring sky-high and take effective measures and asign the policy to let the citizens live.
Nowadays, many people bagin to ralize the important of their health.
someone think they only consider their food to keep their health.
They eat less salt, less oil.
Another people think they only consider the execise .
They do execise every day, such as running, Yoga, training, and so on.
We eat food every day, and the food is the most important source of our bady.
we can get energy from food.
So, wheather the food is good or bad, it is ralated with our body.
Thus, many people choose the green-vegetables  or other green food to eat.
In spite of having the green food, we also should consider the execises, it is nessary for us to fo it.
It can petect ourself from disease and other serious sicks.
So we can do it every one hour a day three times a week.
So, in a word, if we want to keep our psychologically health, we should do everthing for it.
it is not simpol and easy to keep it.
We should pay a more pation and consist on doing it .
Only in this way can I improve my spoken English.
. As an old man saying goes Practice makes perfect.
Secondly, I must go to the library to study by myself when I am in my spare time.
As an old saying goes  No pains , no gains.
  .
At the same time, the lion wakes up too.
the thought that  I must catch up the antelopes that run the fastest, if not, I would starve  flashes his mind.
In my mind, grasp now is she most important thing.
Because we all know a saying that every journey begins with a single step.
So if you want to be something important, just do it, just now, today is top concern.
But in our life there are so many people don't like do this.
they seem like have a kind of procrastination.
They like make one thing to drag and drop in the future.
In fact, it's a wrong thought.
Today is top concern, so let's change our lazy just do it right now.
From now on, I'm sure that if we can change it, we'll go to a better life.
According to the picture, we can see that more and more food ingredients which are bad for people's health are adding to the food.
It might seem that the new members are popular to the old member.
In my opinion, the main reason is that the producers want to gain more benefit.
On one hand, they can use these ingredients to attract the attention of the people, so they can sell these food well.
Finally they can gain more benefit.
On the other hand, they can use them to lower the cost.
The other reason is that people's need is imposing.
They not only need more, but also want to taste more delicious food.
In order to protect the health of the people, everyone should do something.
As producers, they should raise their professional moral consciousness.
Pay more attention to the food safety instead of the benefit.
As the customers, we should not go for the taste of the food.
When we buy something, please read the instruction carefully.
The other way is the governments' measure.
 Nowadays, with the rapid development of modern science and technology.
Mobile phones are continually updating.
 Mobile phones have became an essential part of our modern daily life .
It has brought immense benenifits to mankind.
Take a look around and you will find examples too numerrous to list.
A good case in point is that brings convenience tp people like helping students solve the problems they are faced with.
And what's more, it is helpfui for us to look for information we need.
 However, mobile phone has also created many problems.
 Confronted with such two kinds of consequence, we must learn the proper use of mobile phone.
When talking about this chart, different people have different opinions.
Some people can accept it and think it's good for love's developing.
But others don't think so.
As far as I am concerned, students's cohabitation is not so good.
Firstly, it's a waste of parent's money, after all we have't make money by ourselves.
Secondly, it's bad for student's health, student's have not enough knowledge to cohabitation.
It is well known that the food people eat goes into the body through the mouth, gullet, stomach and intestine.
Dr.
William Beaumont found out by observing a wounded stomach that what gave rise to digestion, a process of the changes in food as it went through the digestive tract was juice.
And then Ivan P.
Pavlov, a Russian scientist found out by an experiment on a dog's stomach how the juice was created.
Now we know when food enters the mouth, a nerve impulse goes to the medulla.
This is then reflected back by the nerves to the stomach.
When the impulse reaches the stomach, the muscles contract and the cells secrete their juices, a hormone which makes the stomach's juice-secreting cells pour out more juices into the blood.
So the food is made to keep changing from big ones to small ones.
In four or five hours, it enters the intestine, which will bring out a whole new set of cells secreting in the intestine as well as in the liver and the pancreas.
There are many reasons that can contribute to SOHO lifestyle.
Frist, access to Internet enables people to do their work at home.
And people prefer working at home to going to the company.
Working at home also save time a lot.
Second, people can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home.
They can control their time freely.
Third, people can have a well-balance life by taking good care of both their jobs and families.
Then, people may fall relax and less stress to make full use of their talent.
Talence is sometimes associated with mood.
I am a red star middle school senior high school students Li Hua.
I know you are still in the United States but now I have a very interesting activity that I don't know if you have the will to join us.
I am now going to take part in the dragon boat training camp.
This training camp will start and will be held in Wuhan during the summer holidays.
Believe that this activity will be very lively.
The participants of the event are some of the students who are interested in it.
want to take part in this activity because I am very interested in the Chinese traditional dragon boat and have a group of friends to play together also very fun.
This is all I want to say, I don't know if you are interested in this.
I really hope that you can join me in this activity.
Nevertheless the contemporary online had a heated discussion about legalization of marijuana should be or not .
Many people thought that marijuana is not a drug.
They claimed that marijuana is not addictive and the harm is not more than drinking alcohol.
Now many states have the legalization of marijuana.
So our country should also legalize marijuana.
In reality, marijuana is a kind of drug.
The major ingredient is hydrogen marijuana.
If marijuana was overused for a long time, there is a variety of the unfavorable influence to the body.
So even those states where marijuana was prohibited, it also remains as a drug.
According to the police and the media, drug cases' research shows that although some drugs such as marijuana are seen as a recreational drug, and have some disparities with extreme drugs such as heroin.
Furthermore, there will be more young people that get stuck in drug problem because of notions and self-control's absence.
We all have no concept.
However, at this stage, I suppose marijuana should not be legalized.
Nowadays, the problems of the food safety is ongoing concerns about.
It is the problem which we often ignore has influence on our lives and the social harmony.
We should improve the food safety awareness .
For example, try to avoid contains unduly chemical additive of objects such as junk food.
The people who i love most is my father, with him i can got so many joys, he is a people who has left a deep expression on me .
On my grade five, i was fond of playing computer games.
It means i can't go to a good high school.
Iwas regret not studying well .
During this time, my father gave me a lot of courage.
Please all classmates listen to me.
Now I tell you one thing.
The Professor White in the Beijing university will have a lecture on the importance of learning English in the school gym from 2:30 to 4:30 on Friday afternoon on February 27.
Nowadays, social network websites have rapidly increased in popularity.
Some in favour of them hold the view that they can share joy and sorrow with their friends wherever or whenever.
However, opponents argue that it is the social network websites that produce the opportunities that neighbours drop in.
As far as I am concerned, social network websites offer us a good platform to be informed of our friends and what's happening in the world.
My name is X and my English name is Eva, with the glass on my nose every.
As far as l am concerned, l am a strange girl.
For example, l like singing but no dancing .
l like seeing the sports games but no doing it.
However, l am also a shy girl.
By the way, l am as well as a pay attantion to my health girl, because l eat an apple every day.
Now I have learned your letter and completely know which you are worry about.
First, many people will meet the case like that, and almost everyone will go away.
So you are just a student.
Also you aren't so strong as them.
Then you shouldn't have a guilty conscience that makes you feel sorry about the boy.
Do not to fight with the three tough guys, that did no good.
Finally you will be injured in this case.
On the other hand, if you want to assist the boy, you should be clever that you can phone to the police or other people for help.
The death penalty has a long history, playing a vital role in punishing the criminals in the old days.
However, with the development of our society, it has become a step back .
What's worse, it is in the way of the realization of the two purposes of our penalty .
One of them is to prevent the criminals doing bad again.
The death penalty has ended their lives as well as the rights to improve themselves to serve others.
The other one is to keep other citizens from committing the same crime .
At last , the death penalty has brought lots of side effects .
The most obvious one is the big influence on their families .
Their parents feel heart-broken, seeing their children being put into the prison .
Moreover , their children suffer the lack of economic support and the discrimination of the society , which affects their education , relationships with others and even job-hunting .
Meanwhile , the death penalty has driven the criminals to be more cruel .
For them , they are destined to be killed .
Nothing can be worse .
Before being caught , they dare to do anything.
Also , it is not good for the forming of the teenagers' value system .
It tells them it is proper to kill others if you have legal reasons .
Here, we can clearly know that the death penalty is a step back of our society .
So we get peer pressure from others and we cause peer pressure to the others too.
With the growing number of our neighborhood members turned to be isolated while some of our neighborhoods used to be good friend became strange.
Careers and work do much more than communicating with others to provide oneself with what is necessary for life.
I can't deny it.
Nonetheless I think the happiness is also necessary.
As the chairman of our neighborhood community, I have many ideas to make this status quo better.
The second, our community can take some money to build some public recreation facilities.
At last, the sense of all members of our community is the most important is hope to connect with the others.
The sodium cyclamate is greeted to the melamine, the taint steamed buns and the clenbuterol's .
These additives state that people's understanding of the food's security risks is not high.
In now society, these peddlers seek excessive profits by using various means.
They even hurt people's health.
Melamine, the taint steamed buns, clenbuterol and the sodium cyclamate sodium one by one appeared.
These peddlers even add additives to baby formula.
But I think the reason that lead the food unsafely is not only the peddlers' greed.
So, in order to assure our food safety, we should improve our protective measures.
We should eat more green food.
We also need to know how to identifying safety food.
According to the graph from above.78 percent of TV viewer watch Sports.
While 54 percent of viewer watch Movies.
As we know.
It occupies the market.
We are always under the pressure because of the busy work, also.
Generally speaking.
Secondly.
Besides, people can know the culture .
Not only can they meet their aesthetic desires.
Thus.
One day, My father brought a beautiful dog.
I was happy.
because I very like dog.
They are very beautiful.
So I felt very happiness.
My dog, his name is jack.
And I have a friend.
he is jack, my dog .
As a student , I think , we should devote more enery to our study because we have much to learn .
So I have been prepared for it .
Second, I should follow our teachers' advice .
I must tell myself in my mind that I can make it .
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.
For example, nowadays, traffic jam which caused by private cars is becoming more and more serious.
It seems that riding bike is going to be much faster than driving cars in the near future.
On the other hand, the necessity of private cars shouldnot be ignored.
As a resule of the unsound public transportation system, people still need to use private cars to ensure that they can get to their destinations in the shortest time.
So the Internet on interpersonal communication plays an important role in our daily lives.
Maybe it is convenient for us to have communication through Internet.
We can save much time .
Moreover, we can say what we want to say on it.
However , there are also many disadvantages about it .
firstly , if we always use the computer to communicate , which will do damage to our system.
I am writing to apply for a position.
And, i absolutely need the job.
In the one hand, i want to improve mysalf in practical work.
I have abundant exercises in university.
I would be pleased if you could offer me an opportunity to interview me.my phone number is 2222, my e-mail is 2222@qq.com.
with the development of economy, a lot of people have their own cars, especially in Beijing.
Facing this problem some people think that it should be control car Numbers, some people think that it should be less a month having a car.
In my opinion, Drive one day less a month car Suggestions and no long-term solution to the problem of pollution, First of all, should advocate low carbon life, let everybody have low carbon life consciousness.
Finally, should improve the productivity, much less the pollution that car.
The same as 2009 there are 1 person in R&D department and there is no one in Adminstration deparement .
In the world, lots of persons enjoy reading.
they think read can enrich themselves.
First, we can acquire more knowledge, and know some useful things.
second, reading can also improve our diathesis.
Finally, we can enrich ourselves by reading.
Reading is a kind of comprehension.
Books can tell us a reason that we wouldn't know ordinarily.
As we know, reading would change our world, change our sight, improve our skills and make it.
Books are not only knowledge of treasure, but our mentor, it can teach us how to do it.
With the science developing dramatically , we have had foreigner from Venus or even other planets.
I'm concerned about one problem most.
That's the pollution.
For instance, the river are polluted.
As a result, clean water is no longer accessible in some area, and many people are ill.
Forests are damaged on a large scale.
Many forests've been destroied, thus unique animals fade out.
To say the reason for this problem, I think it's the factories' aiming at only profit.
On the other hand, there're too many cars and people in the world.
We consume much and make much rubbish.
We must take actions now.
I suggest improve people's awareness of environmental protection first.
As for governments, they should encourage behaviors that are good for earth.
In my opinion, high school students should take part in after-school activities frequently, because it can help students fit into society better.
Students can join many kinds of clubs that they interested in.
There are many communities in the school for example, music community cartoon community and chess community.
To participate in extracurricular activities can add life experience.
And take part in after-school can relax ourselves in order to study better.
Dear Mr.
My name is X.
In response to your advertisement, I am writing to apply to be a volunteer at this international meeting.
I am an outgoing and friendly boy who like English very much.
When I was in high school, I received foreign visitors as a volunteer.
Now, I take part in Volunteer Club in our college.
I really want to be a volunteer at this international meeting.
I think I can do this job perfectly, because I can talk with foreigner in English fluently, and the most important is that I am very self-confidence, and I believe I can do well it.
I know how to make a impression.
Firstly, we should be confident.
Confidence will make you look energetic and optimistic, which also affects people you are talking to.
Even if you don't have a good appearance, you can leave others a good impression.
Apart from that, we are supposed to mind our words.
When we talk to people, especially at the first time, it is wise of us to speak politely, and when we ask some questions, we should also say it in a correct way, which can ensure that what we say don't hurt others.
Lastly, body language is important as such.
We cannot stand too close with people, or it will make others uncomfortable and nervous.
To sum up.making a good impression is worth enough practice.
Nowadays, with the expansion of the scale of the enrollment, the quantity of postgradua-tes are also increasing.
The consequent pressure on postgraduates arise.
We are faced with four major pressure.
Job Pressure.
Every year there are millions of students graduating from universities.
So it's very difficult to find a job, especially in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen such big cities.
As a postgraduate, we are more picky in finding jobs.
Learning Pressure.
During our graduate's study, if we want to get the Master Degree successfully, we must publish at least one article on the core journals.
So, most of us have to pay more attention to our papers while we have little time to acquire other knowledge.
Economic Pressure.
According to the rules, academic type of postgraduate students have the subsidy about 200-300 yuan each month and a part of students need not pay for tuition while professional type of postgraduate students have no subsidy and need to pay more money for their tuition.
We are all adults, we will feel embarrassed, if we take money from our parents again.
Psychological Pressure.
Above pressure will lead to mental stress.
We often ask ourselves whether we can find a good job when we graduate from university.
As time passes, we will feel anxious.
Every one will face different pressure.
Nowadays, there are more and more people take civil service exams in China.
And many people want to know that why do they participated in civil service exams.
Every year hundreds of thousands of students have graduated from University.
They don't know what kind of job suitable for them, and they are very confused.
In this time they found that many students participated in thecivil service exams, so they also went to join in it.
In the one hand collage students face great employment pressure.
The pressure from their family and society.
Because they just learned little knowledge but charging too much money.
In the other hand , the reason why did people take participated in civil service exams is that they want to becoming government employees.
In my opinion, we can't follow the crowd.
We need to have their own goals, and following our hobbies.
As far as i am concerned we should learn more knowledge in college.
When it comes to my secrets of study, I will always admit that there are no very effective ways to adopt to help us to get good marks if we don not want to spend time and energy.
I think al of these so-called secrets are useful to me because I can enjoy my study and colorful life with their help.
As you can see, working hard is essential to study.
A suitable schedule and lifestyle will balance our life, so we can have enough rest when I can finish my task to meet the deadline.
Besides, frequent communication can benefit me a lot.
As far as I concerned, my secrets of study are so common to all of us that even students in the middle school know the importance of them.
However, how much you stick to them decides how much value you can get from them.
In my opinion, all the things in the world are changing.
And sometimes we have to change our plans to adapt to new situatuons.
Therhfore, we should stick them flexibly which does not mean losing our principles.
All in all, sticking to the secrets and making flexible changes accordingly are equally important.
Today, with the development of society, we pay a lot for the economic increasing, such as air pollution , water pollution and so on.
Above all, we clearly see : Internet reai name a little more well than bad .
When asked about their opinion of city life or suburban life, people always respond differently.
We can find what we need in the city, libraries, colleges, museums, and so on.
Of course, live in the city have also bad place.
But thinking about the death penalty is a contradiction of accumulation, then expansion, lastly the outbreak .
In addition, someone has been punished unjustly.
After many years, the confession were made.
It is held by some people that cooperative learning is good.
Students who have poor foundation were in a lost sight condition.
In the real life, as everyone knows, Good things never come easy  .
As a college student, there are enormous opportunities to enhance ourselves so that we can make a good step in our life.
Inaddition, we should take advantage of these opportunities to create much more good things.
Furthermore, as the saying goes  nothing is difficult if you put your heart into it  .
Apparently, it tells us that if you want to make a good thing you must have your heart put things you are doing.
Take my classmate for example, she always bring her books to library study very hard, finally, she obtains a good grade.
What is more, team cooperation also plays an important role to make good things, which may test everyone on the team.
As far as I am concerned, on the one hand, if you want to make something good you should set a goal and continue doing things according your goal.
On the other hand, you make preparations to solve problems which prevent you.
Last but not least, confidence not only can make you success when you do some difficult things but it can also bring you a good mood.
Only in these ways can we get good things.
In my opinion is that English learning shouldn't overheating.
Because learning English in a very large and have low energy.
And ever if learn good English but not to play abroad, said somehing foreigners are differ in learning.
Riding a bicycle is better than taking the bus .
One reason is than taking the bus is crowd in the bus .
The most important reason is that more riding a bicycle is more enjoyable than taking the bus .
It is a waste of time .
He has deft hands and can do many things, such as some simple handmade, or paper folding and so on, I never see a man so attentive.
As soon as we were born we might had leaned on father's arms.
As far as I'm concerned, now I should depend on my father I should make him felt my respect and my love.
Today my achievement is from my father's love.
The dependency means respect and love to great extent, now.
At first, I couldn't stand it .
Nonethless now, I think how marvellous it is.
At the first time , I thought she must be as usual as before others , Neverthless actually, I'm totally in the wrong .
She was just making a brief introduction about herself at that time.
  After hearing her sentence, I've transformed my idea about her.
She was different from other teachers.
She also reminded me of that day .
I think she must be angry with me , but She just smiled and said : It doesn't matter .
From now on , I enjoy attending her classes just because of her expression , her carefulness, her words, and most of all, her enthusiasm made me a deep impression .
With the help of her , my english writing improves promptly .
Nowadays, one of the universal issues that cause growing concern is whether it is wise of consumers to shop for sales and group-buy deals.
As we all know, students are so careful about pocket money in their daily life that they try their best to look for discounts.
However, such as, coupons, they can't bring us profits.
A good case in point is that of my once shopping experience.
When I was a senior high school student, You know, my pocket money was not enough to buy anything I want to.
So I always bought cheap shoes and clothes, which always fell apart after a while due to its poor quality.
But after a case I was totally changed this habit that love to buy bargains.
One summer, I saw a pair of leather jacket, great design, of good quality which costs 700 yuan.
I made the painful decision to spend the money.
Now, many years later, it's still in good shape.
Generally speaking.
Buying that group-buy deals or bargains is really can save money, but it's quality cannot be guaranteed.
What's more this situation will affect your normal life.
Hi, I'm D.
I want to have a wonderful winter holiday, so I make a study--rest plan.
Now, I think Daming spends less time studying and plays a lot.
If he does one hour's homework and has a ten minutes' break between two hours' working.
As we all know, earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need.
Earth helps people more.
Of course, people has been depended on it.
People have been polluted air, soil, water source.
The sky becomes grey.
Then the river becomes dirty.
people are cutting down trees.
And man waste water source and metal source.
To not every man's greed, we should plant more trees and flowers.
Then we shouldn't waste water .
Let's go.
We believe our sky will be more bluer, the trees will be greener.
Once More to the Lake is one of the most enduring essays of E.
The understanding of the passage of time is the main theme in the essay of Once More to the Lake by E.
I was sure that the tarred road would have found it out and I wondered in what other ways it would be desolated.
They went fishing the first morning, the author says that The small waves were the same, chucking the rowboat under the chin as we fished at anchor, and the boat was the same boat, the same color green and the ribs broken in the same places, .
I felt dizzy and didn't know which rod I was at the end of.
Then Lin Zhen qi.
Ling Qing , Chen Shuying and Li Jiayi do the similar work .
The members of the christians rapidly expanded in the UK, and in 1878, after accepting the advice of his son, William booth change name for The Salvation Army.
In the first world war, the salvation army's contribution in the service work, .
Us personal tax is also called 1040 Form .
From 1040, the form 1040 can be filed electronically .
But professional tax preparation service can be quite expensive .
Although American's federal tax code is famous for its complex and difficult .
It's different from our personal income tax.
Thank's for our team's hard working .
Opinions are divided on this issue.
Sixty percent of students think the entrance fee should not be charged for parks.
Because the parks are places for people to relax, it's built for the public.
However, the other students hold the opposite opinion.
They prefer to charge the entrance fee, but not too much.
So that these money can be used to pay for the gardeners' salaries or to buy some new flowers and saplings.
In a word, every coin has two sides, everything has advantages and disadvantages, too.
So, as the saying goes, we must See through the appearance to perceive the essence.
The whole living room is neat, commodious and comfortable.
As you walk into the living room, you can see a dark gray rectangle of the tea table in the centre of the living room.
More specifically, tea table on the left is a sofa that accept three seats.
As well as, the top right corner of the table is a purple for two sitting sofa, the sofa against the corner.
Furthermore, the low right corner of the table which is a light green sofa for one sitting sofa, it faces the corner of the tea table.
In addition, the left of the blue sofa with a purple pillows, behind of a lilac curtain, right with a table lamp in a gray stool.
Under the tea table with a light brown cushion that is soft just like a young's skin .
The floor of the living room is loog wooden floors.
On the right side of the wall is a closet that burning with fire make a living room more warm.
It is apparent from the line chart that the rates of smoking in Someland among women and men presents different changes from 1960 to 2000.
This number decreased gradually to 500 by 1974 and continued to fall but more slowly to 250 in 2000.
From 1960 to 1975, the number of men smoked dropped year by year while the number of women smoked increased.
Especially from 1970 to 1975, the rates of women who smoked went up sharply.
The number of female smokers rose to 300 per 1000 until 1975 and afterwards it tends to move slightly.
In conclusion, it is obvious that there are lots of differences between male and female smoking.
The difference lies in the trend.
Women smokers increased while men smokers decreased.
However, in 1975 the trend changed and two genders kept quitting smoking.
After going through one year's college life, I have met many friends and find many interesting things.
We usually eat and walk to class together.
And we also sing songs when we are happy and sad.
What's more, we go to visit some attractions.
The most interesting one is that we often cook delicious food at our dormitory.
I'm a mouse and no less happy than grieved.
All of those belong to me.
Until one day, i have a premonition that my situation will change.
Then, i meet with my best friend--a pig.
He is so good that shares food with me.
We think we will live in such a happy life until he is ill.
Before that day, we always eat together and comment on the taste.
But that day, at four o'clock, I wait for him to have supper, my dear friend does not appear at the trough and stretches out in the sawdust.
From his words, I know the master is able to save my guy and go to prepare.
In no time, I hears his screams that are pitched in the hysterically high range of pig-sound as if torture are being carried out.
Afterwards, God seemed to hear my prayer and he rights himself.
Shortly after five o'clock, he thanks to me when we are together alone.
As my spirits declines along with the pig's, the spirit of Fred rises.
When the enema bag appears and the bucket of suds, he assumes full charge of the irrigation.
Time passes quickly but things changes worse.
At last, I witness his death: He lies in the yard which is not far from the door.
His tomb is at the foot of the apple tree and Fred patrols around in simple but impressive circles.
  Every night I sang for him without knowing him, but now I see him, he is a true lover  , said the Nightingale, maybe I could help him.
With the development of our society, more fuel is needed to improve the industry.
As a result of this, much gas has been released into the atmosphere, especially Co2.
In the past, people are not aware of this threat to our earth.
But now, an increasing people begin to realize the grave.
Global Warming can cause many other problems.
With the temperature rising, the sea level will rise, too, and finally submerge coastal cities.
Many place will flood.
As the situation entails, every one of us has rebonsibilities to protect the planet and ensure the survival of our species.
In daily life, try to fulfill the concept of reduce, reuse and recycle as much as one's ability allows and the concept of zero carbon emission.
Using this as these ultimate goals and goodness, one should try these actions in every means possible.
Not one person but the whole globe should unite as one to the task.
Now more and more students like reading online because they think read online is very easy.
At first read online will get more hurt of you eyes than traditional read.
Apart form that traditional read is a culture of all the world, it can not be repiaced.
Of course reaing online also have many advantages such as you can read in anytime or anywhere.
But in my opinion I rather liking traditional read than reading online.
But I don't see my mother and father.
Deng Yijiang professor is to my influence the artist of one of the largest, he is a well-known choreographer who made it clear the my dream.
I love dancing and had some professional training during my junior high school.
Shortly, a big competition was launched in our school.
I took part in it.
He served as the dance of the judges.
However, I slipped on the stage in the fall.
I continued to finish the game, but I feel very frustrated about my mistakes, I feel very ashamed, I have been waiting for the judges of the judges.
Unexpectedly, he did not criticize me, he encouraged me, and told me that everyone has to do things will have mistakes, do not be discouraged, and then pay more efforts to avoid these mistakes, the next will be more perfect performance.
Later, I watched a dance directed by him.
In this play, l thought he tried to express his attitudes toward life.
What had been fully demonstrated was the young's confusion and dream, sorrow and happiness, as well as our efforts to overcome obstacles and achieve success.
I was deeply impressed by his work.
He gave me not only two words, but a station, so I can fly in the field of dance.
Deng Yijiang's works and his attitudes toward dance are still vivid in my mind.
The primary purpose of education is not to teach you to earn your bread, but to make every mouthful sweet.
Compared with senior school, the university make more free for me.
But there is an old saying that a coin has tow sides.
On the one hand, I have enough time to do what I like.
On the other hand, there is no person who inspects my study all the time.
Consequently, I'm with the view that self-discipline and seif-control is significant for university students.
I'll use up all the available time to acquire more and more knowledge.
To be a high-level translator is my dream.
However, I'm not upset about it.
Tomorrow is another day.
I like shopping.
I often enjoy window shopping with my friends.
I feel it very comfortable and happy.
I like some special things when I find that I often stop to see.
It's very interesting.
And I like to go discount stores.
Because it often sells some good quality merchandise at affordable at very prices.
It is its flaw.
When I bought some wonderful goods, I often share them with others.
They are happy in the same.
However, sometimes my mother doesn't feel happy, because it costs me too much money.
So, I prefer study at home rather than go shopping.
Sometimes, I go shopping on online.
On the one hand, I find it's very cnvinent to buy and I can see all kinds of thing, such as clothes, glasses, wathes and so on.
On the other hand, it's very cheap and beautiful.
Their new thoughts , novel ideas response to business, constructions , administrations and so on .
But in fact, it is not every easy to do this.
As the proverb says:  Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
If you want others to respect you and gain fame from them, you first need respect others and treat them as yourself.
I'm L.
As an organizer, I'm so glad to see you can join this competition.
As it known to all, English has playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.
So we want you to develop the ability of English speaking and listening through this competition.
Besides, the habit of reading is of vital importance.
When you stand on the stage, you should think about time.
Five minutes are available.
Fluent English speaking and qualified pronunciation are quite in demand.
A majority of students think that get online is good for us.
In the second place, they can communicate with their friends and share something they interest online.
Furthermore, they enjoy and relax themselves online.
But one coin has two sides, some students hold nagtive attitude to this opinion.
Firstly, it is harmful to our eyes if we keep watching the screen for long time.
Secondly, we will focus on chatting or playing games occassionly.
Nowadays, WeChat is becoming more and more popular among people, especially youngsters.
Secondly, it will influence their work and study inevitably.
As we all know, if we want to work efficiently, we must concentrate on ourselves.
But to some WeChataholics, they can't help using their WeChat frequently and they pay much attention on seeing whether someone has sent a message to them.
They spend too much time on it but it does no good to them at all.
Finally, WeChataholics are always threatened by dangers since they aren't aware of the surroundings when playing WeChat.
In my opinion, it's high time for WeChataholics trying to leave WeChat now.
Green vegetables to make our body must healthier, we eat up very comfortable, very sweet smile.
Today my dream is come ture, I working in a company.
I be good at work and get along with my workmates , we having fun every day.
I also having a beautiful house and big family, I having a car and I draving some place where is a peasful that I want to go .
I believe where there is a will , there is a way.
  Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
The death penalty a step back .
I think only few of Chinese are in favor of it ; while mostly are not.
People who support it since they believe guilty people who are sentenced to be shot is such a cruel thing in modern society .
However, those who oppose it hold that the death penalty is vital to ease social unrest.
I am support it, and believe the death penalty will be vanished someday.
Human beings are emotional and sentimental, yet may become shortcomings in daily life.
We are likely to do illegal behaviors on an impulse when compelled by others' insult words or behaviors.
As far as I am concerned, death penalty is not justice to them.
Things should be considerate thoroughly and death penalty is not the only way to punish people.
Moreover, we are members of the society, and we all have parents , brothers and sisters in the world.
Actually, it would be so cruel to the family members, especially their parents who may feel full of losing in their rest of life.
Last but not least, it is a fact that there are many countries which have banned death penalty .
For example, England in which most people were avoid of banning death penalty at first.
On the whole, the death penalty is not an essential way to reduce crimes and ease social unrest.
After finished reading the Speech on Hitler's Invasion of the U.
It excels all forms of human wickedness in the efficiency of its cruelty and ferocious aggression.
From his speech, we can learn that Churchil wanted to gather all the righteous power to go all out to defeat Nazi, then he used a parallel sentence I see the Russian soldiers standing on the threshold of their native land, .
I see them guarding their homes where mothers and wives pray.
I see ten thousand villages of Russia where the means of existence is wrung so hardly from the soil.
I see.
For example, he said:  I see also the dull, drilled, docile, brutish masses of Hun soldiery plodding on like a swarm of crawling locusts.
Recently years, with the development of the network, micro-blogging is becoming more and more popular.
Because of the birth control, most of the family accept only one child.
However, they may feel lonely.
At the same time, it accepts shortcomings.
Some children don't like studying.
So they play micro-blogging instead of leaning on the class.
Micro-blogging is the production of the internet.
Therefore, we should both beautify the campus environment and create a campus culture.
By analyzing, the NAFTA and the WTO do have much negative impact on the Ametican's economy, such as accelerating the trade deficits and job losses.
On the one hand, some people think that although we are university students , academic performance is essential to us.
The reason for going to university is that we want to get further study.
There are many things in the university that wait for us to explore.
As a saying goes, It is never too old to learn.
On the other hand , some people think that communication ability is getting more and more important .
We should make a better use of our university years .
Joining societies clubs or taking part-time jobs do good to our communication ability.
As far as I am concerned, what we have most in the university is time .
There is no doubts that academic performances is important.
to communicate is also important .
So we should keep a balance of academic performance and communication ability .
The European country I most want to visit is Switzerland.
It is located in the middle of European .
Its area is 41,000 square kilometers and it has a population of 7.5 million.
Berne is its capital city.
Swizerland has some famous neighbouring countries.
They are Asutria, France, Italia and Germany.
Swizerland's scenery is pretty beautiful and attracts a lot of tourists to visit there.
Swizerland is also known for its industry.
In a word, Swizerland is a very pretty and rich country.
It is well-known to our college students, everyone has experienced the hard life in high school.
First of all, the ways of teaching and study are the most biggest differences.
Teachers manage your study every day in high school, but as a college student, all the study plans are made by yourself.
You should adapt to it as soon as possible.
Moreover, our study goals are changed.
When studyed in high school, all of us have clear goal what is get into a ideal university.
According to my experiences, I think a college student should promote his abilities to decide for himself.
And making a ambitious goal to strive.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are different.
She is as tall as Liu Lili.
They both have straight hair, nonetheless Wang Lingling has longer hair than Liu Lili.
Liu Lili likes sports, nevertheless Wang Lingling enjoys reading.
They are both outgoing and popular.
So many kids like to make friends with them.
Liu Lili likes laugh and makes jokes.
She is funnier than Wang Lingling.
At school, Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili.
With the development of technology, the Internet has impacted our life deeply.
Nowadays, almost every family has a computer.
The Internet has impact on Interpersonal Communication.
It has advantages.
First, people can communicate at anytime.
People don't need to meet.
They can chat with each other across the Internet.
Even people aren't at the same city, they needn't spend much time going to see each other.
Second, it is convenient for people to get information.
In the past, people had to write letters to relate to others.
If they wanted to share pictures that were wonderful, they must post them.
Now, people can send information through the Internet and others can receive them quickly.
However, it also has disadvantages.
For example, teenagers like surfing the Internet.
They frequently use some words from the Internet which their parents can't understand.
Therefore, there may be some misunderstanding between them.
People can also chat with each other without meeting.
If people just communicate and do not meet for a long time, their relationship may become hard.
The Internet has impact on Interpersonal Communication.
Nowadays, there are more and more undergraduates because there are more and more universities, that cause part of really talent people will be invisible in the crowd.
As the matter of fact, the incresing number of Chinese Universities is not really excited.
In my opinion, more universities in Chinese can provide more chances for students who want to have further education, but there are quite a few commercial school , and we can not sure that the school we choose is not one of them.
As we all known, China has a huge amount of population.
Intake expansion in Chinese universities means the employment problem aggravated.
Moreover, some dronish undergraduates can muddle in the employment-maket with a same qualification with the others.
I think, the government should control the amount of university but make sure the undergraduates can get the best education.
With the improvement of living standard, the living cost becomes higher as well.
Many people have to be confronted with various pressures.
Some like stressful life .
Rencently, more and more undergreduates download papers from the Internet for saving the trouble of doing the assignments.
Morever, most of them even develop a habait of copying papers.
First, college students will never grasp the knowledge which is important to them in the future.
When they choose to copy papers , they give up their chances to think .
They can not understand what exactly the knowledge in papers because they never take it seriously.
Therefore, they can not learn anything in the university.
Second, it is a matter of one's integrity.
Grabing the fruits of other people's academic labour, to some extent, it is a reflection on their character , which is called dishonesty.no one would like a dishonest person.
Furthermore, it is easy to deceive others but it is hard to cheat themselves.
Above all , I think we should take some methods to prevent this detrimental behavior .
First of all, colleges can give students 'some lectures about the importance of writing papers by themselves.
Second , they will be punished if they copy orthers' documents.
They may have to turn in more papers or lose their opportunity to get diplomas.
I'm a new in my college.
So I'm curious about all of my college.
College life is a new and different experience for me.
When I first come into my college, I felt relaxed and free atmosphere there.
I'm aware of my college life will be wonderful from now.
Many friendly people around me to talk with.
Although I must do anything by myself in college life, it gives me a sense of responsibility and makes me more independent.
I come into contact with fancy and bold idea and appreciate them.
Despite I just started my college life, I enjoyed it brought something to me.
I think it's really colorful and challenging.
However, just as the saying goes,  every coin has two sides.
Everyone can achieve his own success and make his dream come true.
She sought her success by her years'of efforts.
In general speaking, she would do lots of work before she interviewed a person.
Besides, she would ask his friends and workmates for help to have a better understanding of his charactors, hobbies, and so on.
Being ready to interview, she would behave confidently, which would do good to her interview.
She has interviewed many Well-known people.
What's more, she can never be satisfied and is always trying to do much better , which makes her go far instead of being in the same spot and not improving.
With the progress of society , the great majority products were produced .
And nowadays, people are more pay attention to the brand effect of the products .
Firstly , I think the university students prefer to follow the fassion rather than outstyle .
My favorite place is the Dongbei.
Because it will snow in the winter.
It is very romantic but I never been to there.
As far as I am concerned, it is of great necessity for you to appreciate what your parents do.
On the other hand, as for the parents, they should know that it is common for adolescents to protest them for the kids have a different and creative style to think about things.
Thus, do not just abuse them when they are against you, which may destroy the relationship between you and them.
Moreover, in order to promote relationship with their sons and daughters, they should promote friendship with them first.
With the development of economy and society , people have to speed their steep to work hard , in order to stop them from losing thire work , meanwhile , people meet worse problem , that is stress.
First of all , you should do your own business better instead of paying more attention on others.
For example, Sometimes you do nothing wrong but you boss angry with you , this position may makes you feel uncomfortable and you even want to fight with his/her, please don't do this , you will make the thing worse.
You shoulg ask few hours to leave and walk out , in my poinion , nature will clear you mind and help you make better choice .
If you find you can't solve your stress problem, you can find your friends and your family numbers .
You can talk with them about your stress , they are the people who know you very much , behind them , they don't mind how weak you are , what they mind is how to help you , according to communicate with them , you will find you have so many people loving you , your can share your stress with them , you will become a happy person .
may do much harm to our health or even kill us.
I want to check details for an event next week with my two assistants.
I have booked the room202 for the event.
Please to confirm that the schedule with security.
One participant will be late because he must deal with something recently.
Why there so many students taking part-time jobs at their study time , it has following reasons, the most important reason is obvious, they were too much spare time by their own , the class is too short , many students can't find interesting thing to do, but playing computer game in dormitory.
as time passes, they would rather do some part-time job than play games, and they could get money from jobs.
The second reason is also important.
Along with the social development, the employer is more and more high demand to students.
In general .
Nowadys, the college students is becoming excessive.
The college students is not a gold than before.
Today we have a university life for about half a year.
And we have far away form high school.
We are an adult not a child.
Our teachers do not force us to do so much homework, and never look at us anytime and anywhere.
So we must know what things I should do and what time I should do something about my study.
Not only like that but also we should spend our spare time to make friends.
In everywhere, people need friends.
We can share some happy things with them.
Even when we are in a terrible state he can put out his hands and help us get aways from there.
Some old people say: ''if you are away from home you can rely on you friends.
In the back of chinese culture, the result of study is important.
So many employers look it very important.
So we should try our best to make our study better and better.
We should listen carefully in class.
And we should do homework conscientiously.
The current market downturn and the prospect of some years of extremely modest growth have pushed investors in a more somber mood with the consequence that there is no pressure to rush into deals.
Now the European venture capital industry is still small compared to US, but it is steadily growing, with plenty of money, a web of contracts and deep understanding of cultural, political and institutional issues.
Everyone ought to graduate from school, which means everyone should grow up and step into the society one day, step into a cruel but a real world.
To graduate is to take a step forward, to move onward.
However, I'm so shamed that I haven't ever contemplate what kind of person I intend to be.
Ten years after, I am a 32-year-old young lady, married or not, which rely on the fate.
Starting from the innermost, I sincerely hope to have a happy family, a warm shelter.
The man who establishes the family with me is my predestined prince charming.
Sometime we are so stubborn about doing things on our own that we are don't ask others for help, we may regard it as being weak so we prefer independence.
All that we consider about the reality is too simple to deal with everything smoothly by ourselves.
Fortunately, the presence of this person who have the same concept of value with me and take care of me in a family way will bring to life the dawn, like a god-send present.
We have a lively and lovely child that I promise to spare no effort to protect and cherish him or her, as my parents all through do for me.
In 2022, I will become a civil servant like my parents, they are whom I proud of so much.
Though this kind of stable life style is what I really need, it does not mean that I am just pursuit of a comfort and make no progress.
In fact, if you don't find any challenge to your life, you won't have motivation and anxiety to development.
I indeed believe the fact that, a simple job is as well filled with uncertainty and challenge.
Thus doing well every barbee is the only way which must be passed approaching to success.
Apart from family and career, it is of importance to recognize and understand myself.
Therefore, consideration must come first, then I ought to get down to hearing the voice from the cockles of my heart.
A positive mind is supposed to develop, as this would be useful when I face challenge along the way.
Through this type of mind, I will be able to continue with my life no matter how tough the situation is.
I always find a reason to be happy, which will fuel me to go on further and further until I reach my destination.
Attitude decides on destiny and step forward never stop.
I still need to at times remind myself not to be in a rush and make good preparations before action, that is, to plan overall course of action in advance.
Create a goal that I am ready to bet my life on and make sure it is specific, attainable and time limited.
On the journey to find true self and achieve my full potential, I sometimes get into hard times inevitably.
Whereas we must never lose any hope for the future, which will help me to achieve personal growth in any phase of life.
Today, more and more bad habits cause damage to our health.
In my opinion, we should have a more health life style.
In other words, we should change some bad habits and form good habits.
If we can do like this, not only give us a good heath but also could influence our friends surrounding us.
But it's difficult to get rid of the bad habits that we have made.
It make me feel tough to change the sleeping habit.
I couldn't have a good sleep if i go to bed before 12 o'clock in the evening.
So i attempt listening English songs while want to sleep.
TO tell you the truth, it's really a good method.
Confirmly we will have many problems in our way make a change to the bad habits.
I believe we will gain a success in our group process as long as spend energy and time.
With the development of technology, the number of people that use computers increase rapidly, and computers are used everywhere.
Some people think that the introduction of computers into classroom will change the traditional way of teaching and learning.
First, computer is machine which have no its own ideas.
After all, computer is made by human beings.
So its thought is limited and single which can not put forward opinions appropriately.
While teachers'thoughts are usually flexible and useful.
Second, compare with computers, teachers can lead us into the right way of study and live.
What computers can tell us is just the right or wrong we did.
Teachers can give us more help on emotional.
What's more, we are good at communicating with real people rather than the machine.
In one word, although computers are useful to our study, we should just look it as the tool that can offer help to us.
Teachers are the most important people in our life.
The picture tell us the little girl show her school life on blog.
At present, more and more people are happy to show their information on the Internet.
Internet is benefit to us.
Firstly, we can express our information very fast.
The second, we can get many new messages we need or interested.
Also, it is convenient to us, we can easily get news at home and communicate with others.
But it also have negative aspect.
Sometimes, we cannot finish a thing by ourselves.
Some people are becoming lazier and lazier.
High technology play an important role in our society now.
For them, we can change a way to show our love.
In a word, we can get news by Internet, but we should show our concerns by words or actions.
I hope everybody can find a balance to deal with it.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
Can also mountain climbing, exercise the body, look at the beautiful scenery, you can also see many lovely animals.
Are delicious .
The Yellow River mother sculpture, moral has nurtured us.
I hope you'll like it .
We are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.
We allow a proper discount according to the quantity ordered.
Thank you again for your interest in our products.
There are two kinds of e-book.
One is the machine which is dedicated to reading online books.
It is convenient to carry and use.
It has big space room.
You can order books based on your interests or needs.
It is also easy to search the content you want to see.
It is no backlighting and doesn't hurt your eyes.
The other one is what makes the content into electronic versions and then puts them on the Internet for sale.
It can reduce the cost of books.
you just enter the online bookstores and buy books with few clicks of mouse.
In my opinion, with the spreading of PC and improvement of network technology, e-book can replace the position of traditional books.
I usually have no time to play sports but spend some time in playing games.
Lots of students take part in many different kinds of activities.
I like drawing so I take part in the drawing activities every Tuesday and Friday.
It's very happy for me to darw with my friends and improve my drawing skill.
At this moment, I like football very much.
I play football every Monday.
It makes me keep illness away.
I like English films very well.
If I finish my homeworrk at the weekends, I will watch some English films.
Above all, interests is the best teacher.
I found that it is hard to live without parents.
In organizing class activities, we may have different opinions.
reasons for wanting a summer job are different frpm student to student.
Typist, construction worker, salesman, lifegurad, and waiter these are some of the more common jobs that students try to find during the summer months.
Credit card is a common occurrence in our lives today.
Some people are inclined to use credit card for the following reasons.
Fistly, Go out shopping can need not take a lot of cash , safe and convenient .
However , others people say credit card is very bad, because we are easy to form the habit of spending money.
Extended repayment interest is very high.
If you sak me my for opinion, I may say that I am crazy about credit card.
Futher more , sometimes money out on when not to worry in the short time can't get the money.
Finally, Debt still owe only thing is, as long as I within the time prescribed on the money, will not have to worry about will affect our credit.
In the past, People's only had a self-reliant sort of life.
They do some housework all day and eat normal food , their medicine condition also very poor and they go out have no bus.
Nowadays, we needn't do housework all day and eat some food, we have high quality medical and good medicine conditions, so that many people have lots of bad habits.
Because mistakes can help you realise what is wrong with you .
Whenthe text will come, some teachers always let us do some examinations, many studengs will copy to finish it , if you make too many mistakein it.
Do not worry.
Do not afraid .
Failure is the mother of success.making mistakes are normal.
We are pleased to inform you that our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 have already packed in the ZhenZhu vessel.
And it transport by May Flower in Hong Kong.
This contract is according to clinch a deal with cost and carriage.
we have sent to you by fax On March 15, in 2013.
A Russian strategist Suvorov said:  A real hero: to be brave, but not impatient, to act quickly , but not to act rashly, to be clever , but must be resolute, to be command, but not domineering.
Brave, act quickly, clever and command, all these are the qualities of hero.
When we see these, we will find it hard to be a hero.
But I think everyone can become a hero.
When we have compassion and respect for life, no matter what happens, we will have much courage.
As a recent survey shown that an increasingly overwhelming number of college students download papers form the Internet to finish their assignments.
To some extent, this kind of academic dishonesty is not beneficial to the improvement abilities of finishing one's assignment independently.
The harmful effects for this are as follows: In the first place, it is detrimental to the growth of a college student.
Without thinking, college students copy other people's achievement from the Internet straightly to deal with their assignments.
This kind of dishonest behavior will exert negative effects on their future.
It is meaningless for them to enter college, for they didn't acquire the ability to study independently while they download papers to solve the trouble with doing the assignments.
In the second place, it does harm to the development of the nation.
Downloading papers from the Internet is the same as not innovation.
From what has been mentioned above, we can come to the conclusion that both college and students themselves should take measures to solve this problem.
As far as college is concerned, college should establish some rules to ban this kind of academic dishonesty.
Once found, the student will get punishment and not be permitted to exceed three times.
Hello, my name is X, I am 18 years old, I'm from T city, Hubei province.
The city is very beautiful and I like it very much.
I am not outgoing but I am very lovely.
I have a happy family, a beautiful school and many good friends, I enjoy every day.
I'm very happy and I like to make friends with others.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman.
The people deceptive with each other.
They want to earn more profit for themselves.
All of them become dis-honesty.
They forget how to live with others correctly.
In my opinion, the honesty is vital in the daily life.
the honesty, which is a good virtue, can make our life more and more meaningful.
Friendship is the foundation upon honesty.
Honesty is the best policy.
My name is S. I am from X.
I am a new college student here.
You know , we are new college students here.
We do not know our college very well.
When we are in free time , we always chat online .
It is not convent if we have some problems with internet connection.
Above all, I suggest that school should pay attention to our new college students , and fix the problems for us .
Last but not least , school should creat a good studying atmosphere for our new college students.
I'm the president of Students' Union.
My name is H.
This weekend, I will organize some students to take part in an outdoor activity.
And I hope you could come.
Studying at school laies more and more stress on us, so an outdoor activity will help us get close to nature and relaxed ourself.
We can also take exercise.
The meeting time is 7:30 and we will get toghter at the school gate.
It will start at 8:00 and come to an end at 11:00.
What's more, it is GM Farm which is 2 kilometers away that we will go to.
As we all know , more and more students in college fall in love with others .
Some people are strongly against campus love .
Because they think that the assignment of college students is still studying .
Before working , the life of college is important , if studying hard , students can get much experience .
On the contary, some people accept it .
From where they stand , they believe that campus love is normal .
In my opinion , if someone meet the proper people , they can fall in love with each other .
But if someone feel lonely to fall in love someone , I think it is a wrong choice .
In my memories, my father is the most clost man.
When I was a child, my father was always playing with my brothers and me.
He seems a big boy.
Because he is happy in his children to play together.
If you have a such daddy you can also love your father very much.
Another reason, when I was in primary school when my father he taught me how to learn, and, taught me the basic principles of a man.
Remember when I was in junior high school, at school, I made a mistake, he knew, but he did not like the other dad scolded me, but told me where I went wrong, the patience to teach me.
The criminal case of Yaojiaxin reveal the serious situation of moral education.
Secondly, university moral education is effective , in our university , we have Excellent resources to carrying out moral training.
On the one hand, our teachers can provide students the moral model, students can feel the charm from teacher is behaviour .
Finally, moral education have the great signification, the undergraduate is nation is future.
in the near future.
they will become the elite of our country.
But I have a short-coming that I'm very lazy .
and I want to go abroad in the future because I want to travel all around the world.
My home is an apartment.
I live on the third floor.
There are three bedrooms, a living room, two bathrooms and a kitchen.
My bedroom is very big.
I live in a quiet community.
My community is not far from my school and the supermarket.
In this game have 7 competitiveness singers competition.
As we all know, smoking in china is a common thing, current smoking and much younger people.
Then, many young people are the social environment or the impact of their peers as well as adults and learn to smoke.
But at that time I was going over my.
I am angry, so I said to him Could you tune the sound down a little , please be a little point in the sound.
We are gold to inform that the Order No.1-29 for the goods under sales confirmation have been shipped per S.
Pearl , and will be shipped S.
Today, cell phone is not strange for us.
Almost every one of us has a cell phone, no mater it is perfect or not.
Cell phone brings us much convenince and fun, we take it with us every where, evern when we have dinners.
We use cell phone to connect with our parents and friends, to play games and so on.
Some people think that modern people waste too much time on the cell phone that they have no time to communicate with others face to face.
In my view, cell phone is a tool from which we can not leave in the recent society, we need cell phone.
More and more people get addiction to the mobile phone, especially the young.
First of all, we ought to make more friends in real life rather than virtual world.
Only we try to do these, has it been possible to fight against addiction to the mobile phone.
My first memory of school is excilent.
We share the same buildings with Tianjin NO.1 high school for example the gym and the swimming pool , I can't believe it at first because our meadle school dom't have them at all.
I'm looking farward to play in gym because I'm good at playing tennis.
I'm glad to hear that some of the classes in our school isn't compulsory subjects for improving some skills what I want to learn.
The teacher I remember the first is my chemistry teacher and we called him Mr. chen.
He has a lot of knowledge and a sense of humor.
My interpersonal skills is not good so I only have one friend till now.
I believe that there have many reasons for Blog's popular.
Firstly, Blog supports a convenient way to people to speak out freely as long as they never violate the law.
People can say something that they want to, and other people can make a comment, and they can exchange their ideas.
Secondly, people can ask for help in terms of Blog because there are so many human resources.
Many public institutions initiate help-seeking in Blog to raise funds to help many people who need help.
Much kind people can see the news and give their hands to assist those people who need help.
Although Blog supports many convenient to people, Blog also has problems.
Dennis Ritchie is the U.
In 1967, he began working at the Bell Labs' Computing Sciences Research Center .
He received the Turing Award in 1983 and the National Medal of Technology in 1998.
Dennis Ritchie October 8, 2011 in New Jersey died.
A lot of praise on the network with overwhelming grief, IPONE and IPAD swept the globe.
In fact, Mr. Ridge should enjoy the praise, or more.
Robert said that Ridge is a very low-key researchers.
Rich always want to work for more researchers used to work for other in the future research and facilitate technological progress.
I am going to graduation soon.
So I have to face to where I live in.
cities.
When it comes to big cities, lots of people are thirsty to work and study here.
On the one hand, we can get more chances of employment.
But living in big cities possess much pressure, it can lead to many diseases factor.
We aren't noisy.
We don't have the pressure easily.
I want to live in the medium and small cities.
But I am more willing to work in big cites.
I consider that working in big cities make me keep up the time.
Living in medium and small cities makes me physical and mental pleasure.
This is the question facing college students, who, upon graduation, feel puzzled at a crossroad in their life.
Actually, most students will be confronted with a similar dilemma when they graduate from universities.
In the eyes of mine, pursing graduate study outweighs finding a job in almost aspect.
I think four years in college only lay more or less a solid foundation and the development of expertise is yet to take place.
The best way is to strike while the iron is hot so as to help the substantial progress to arrive earlier.
Firstly, graduate study ont only boost our intellect but also help us build a well-connected network with peers and colleagues.
Secondly, as graduate students, we will perform competently and act on a higher level in knowledge application and awareness of critical issues than undergraduates in the job market.
Though it is so vital for graduate study, how we should do for a successful graduate study.
As far as I am concerned, there are several means for success.
First of all, try to be reasonable and know ourselves well in order to play to our strengths.
The second strategy is following other people's advice.
A person who is always asking for direction will not be lost.
Secondly, the personal placement test was not a real test because the result is not accurate adjust to somebody's ability.
Moreover, the foreigner teachers were not serious about our classes and they did not negotiate with students, as if they are just a machine speaks English.
Finally, the quality of the work and organisation is dissatisfactory, which means a limited-movie rather than English movie and culture teaching.
I live in Wuhan which is filled up with noisy.
Because I live in the community there are many residents, what awakes me every weekend morning is not the alarm clock but the noises from motor vehicles and talking of the people.
In addition, there are thousands of construction sites so that people who live near these sites will not have a quiet living surrounding for those noise generated by the heavy machine.
Besides, since the society is rapidly changing, an increasing number of people have their own cars.
It is inevitable that drivers will honk the horns.
Especially in the rush hour, these noises make my terrible mood caused by traffic jam worse.
In today's society, a large number of schools pay more attention to students learning skills.
So they force students to do much practice and have many classes to get good grades.
Only if a student know how to be a person, can he realize the importance of learning.
If he realizes the importance of learning, he will make an effort to study.
And he will get a better grade in the end.
So character education plays an important role in the development of students' life.
One who doesn't own filial piety can't make a great success.
One who isn't honest can't make real friends and they can't be successful at all.
Only if the person who owns filial piety and honesty, can he achieve his dreams and be successful.
Character education can help students control their behaviors.
To begin with, teachers can know what students' really need.
Evaluations will give students some control over and responsibility for their education.
There is much discussion about online shopping.
And it is easy to be seen that online shopping is becoming more and more popular.
Clearly, online shopping has many advantages.
Such as speed, you can buy things online and then you will receive them in a few days.
Not only is it fast, but also it is convenient.
Compared with tradional shopping, you can look for what you want quickly and accurately.
Just as a coin has two sides, everything has two sides.
Online shopping also has some disadvantages.
Quality is one of the most important things.
Online shopping can't promiss the quality.
As for me , online shopping should establish a safeguard system.
Like consumer protection agreement.
And on the other side, despite of the difficulties in finding a new job , the new generation can compete with high tech level employees by their personal ability, taking place of those who lack of proficient skills .
Therefore are they before the time of writing just easy to deal with, and no real attention to the importance of English writing.
J-29 by S.
S. Pearl  , and arranged transshipment via Hong Kong per S.
First floor , have There is a working skill classroom, There are a pair of scissors, double-sided adhesive .
Of course, there -are many classes , there are a lot of people, most are six grade, high.
second floor and third floor, Huge crowds of people, there is a big sister, big brother, there is have a little sister, little brother.
In this way, the entire campus was opened the pot.
One day, an old lady stood in front of a car which violated the traffic rules, and gained a lot of thumps-up.
Nowadays, with the development of society, more and more problems are exposed.
Government plays an important role to keep the society in good order.
in addition, personal behavior regulations should be hightlighted in many places.
Up till now, the number of private cars is increasing, so we will face more baptisms.
As we all know, depend on our single handedly, we can't change the persent situation, but we can improve it gradually.
the Spring Festival is the most important festival for all of us.
All family members get together to celebrate it, as well as me.
we often do a lot of interesting things during the Spring Festival.
It was ten o'clock in the morning on the day before the New Year.
We were driving on the way to my grandparents'home.
The house is not big, but verywarm, My family member celebrate the Spring Festival in it every year.
There are my uncle, my aunt, my brother, my sister, my second uncle, my grandparents, my second grandparents-in my family.
I have so many relatives that I can't distinguish between them until now.
All of us have a big meal on New Year's Eve, and watch the Spring Festival Gala together until very late.
In addition, my grandparents'house also has a small yard.
So it become my brother and me's playground.
When the night falls, my brother and I go out off the house excitedly.
We set off a lot of firecrackers and fireworks every year.
The sound is always deafening, but we need it.
The fireworks is great and colourful.
When we play enough, or we set off all the firecrackers.
We say Happy New Year  to each other to share our blessings.
Education, on the one hand, is a kind of behavior, which can increase our knowledge, technique.
On the other hand, education points to the education of school.
In this kind of education, it has purpose, plan, organization to make us suit society.
Education plays an important role in our country.
To begin with, our country, as a developing country, has a large gap compared with developed countries.
If we want to catch up with them even surpass them, education should put the first places.
Also, we have a large population.
The education of workers is the most important.
Education also has an important role in our daily life.
First, for individuals, education is the best way to improve ourselves.
Second, it can improve competitive ability in searching jobs.
For example, one person who is a liberal, and another one gets an undergraduate degree.
When they are interviewed by the interviewer, I think the interviewer may take consideration into the latter one.
At last, education can improve the quality of our training.
The development if our society is very fast , so we always have time to travel or on business trip.
If I were given choice between transporting by sea, air or rail.
Before making a good choice , we had better compare their .
because we all know , everything has two sides.
Firstly, The most obvious important characteristic of air travel is the high speed.
and another aspect is it is comfortable.
We can command a good view of buildings mountains and even clouds.
but as we all know, by plane is very expensive .
It cost over two times than by sea or by rail.
If you have a not too long trip, you had better take ship as your transportation , as it is cheaper and you can enjoy natural beauties in the river .
To it disadvantages, if someone is seasick, choose transport by sea is unreasonably.
Thirdly, about transport by rail, it has the most important benefit, because it is very cheap, if you have enough time , you can choose to travel by rail rather than by air or by ship.
Though by train is very low , at least with rail, you get to see scenic things.
Above all, every methods has its advantage and disadvantages.
if you want too fast to get to your destination, you had better choose transport by air, if You have lots of time, toucanYou can by train and you can See the scenery and you even can by sea too Enjoy the scenery in the river.
Of all the festivals, the Spring Festival is the most, important in China.
I had a good time in the Spring Fesvital this year.
On New Year's Eve, we have a special family dinner.
Everybody, even from far away, tries to come home for this celebration.
During dinne we eat and chat, and then we watch the New Year TV programmes.
We let off the fireworks at the midnight.
The celebrations usually last 15 days.
On the first day of the New Year, the Chinese get up early and say Happy New Year to each of the family.
On the second and third days, we go to visit our friends and relatives.
The 15th day of the first moon is the Lanten Festival.
In the evening there are lantern shows or lion dances in parks and streets.
People, both young and old, go out to enjoy themselves.
I'm very glad to receive your reply, you say you want know something about my favorite music and how to aiiocate time.
Classical music, is one kinds of my favorite music, one reason is I enjoy that used to play a musical instruments, and the other reason is I like that performance style.
But I don't like Rock very much because in my opinion music shouldn't be very noisy or very loudly , that make me fell very fidget.
About that New Year Park I think maybe I will playing the piano.
I think that traditional reading and online reading are all important.
They are different ways of reading.
Online reading is more interesting than traditional reading.
It have lots of the latest articles and reports.
Everybody can read them at home.
Traditional reading is more real and safer.
Because everyone can write their idea on the Internet, there are some wrong and false information.
We must look at the computer for a long time.
It will make our eyes bad.
Traditional reading is not like this.
The books that have come out are writing by well-known people or teams.
We can read it more safely.
We shouldn't only read on the Internet.
you may have received a number of inappropriate childhood emotional education, such as: cowardice is shameful,  anger is immoral  , sad tears are weak.
Thanks for asking me about my school life.
I usually get up at half past 6.
I have breakfast and then leave home at seven.
I have 10 subjects to study.
At school, I chat with my friends before classes.
past seven o'clock.
In Monday, the first lesson is chemistry, I like it.
Because I enjoy doing experiments.
I usually do my homework after dinner.
On Thursday, I stay on at school and I go to art club.
I drawing and painting in it.
In recent years, a large number of university students had entered university, now a problem has been discussed that should college students living alone or living with other roommates in dormitory.
Living alone can be more convenient, more private space and free time, for instance, you can sleep at anytime , and will not disturb others.
You can keep your own mystery, too.
But others disagree.
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer to live alone because at most time I need quite environment.
Friend can be made in any other ways except this.
Of course live with others lead a happy time.
Share our happiness and sadness, improve cooperative and shared spirit.
But it also kill the time you spend on studying.
After entered the information age, more and more things cannot leave the mobile phone.
Although this is not a serious thing.
For me, I don't agree with this practice.
LOS ALAMOS, N.
The area, a stretch of mesas that run more than 15 miles west of Santa Fe, N.
It affects the countless wars but also has influence on.
The Analects of Confucius, the root of Chinese Confucianism.
This view is the embodiment of a more negative attitude of contemporary young people of ancient culture that is classic books can only be used to the study of ancient history and culture but not have beneficial effects on the social reality.
If you become famous, you must be very busy, it is really bad for your health.
Some differentces between with them.
Size of solo is the same as big with fizz.
However fizz has the bigger markets than it.
But finally through the economic is improving .
It is more faster than fizz.
If you buy them .
Based on the variable weather.
I think it essential to prebare diffevent kinds of clother.
When it comes to the food in china, you can't afford to miss the chance that tasting all kinds of delicious chinese foods .
As is known to us all, the culture of America is different.
Nowadays, more and more people work very hard so that they can get fame.
As far as I'm concerned, I think one person who wants to get fame must know the importance of the fame firstly, and then towards this goal keep trying very hard.
Secondly, we must make a detailed plan due to the fact that we have known fame's importance exactly.
Thirdly, we must put into practice and we can do the little things from our surroundings.
For example, we can try our best to help others and we can also take an active part in some important activities and so on.
From these activities we can get their approval and then they will speak highly of our behaviors.
In general, if we can do everything by heart and treat others sincerely, we will get fame easily.
Group cooperative learning is a learning method.
In this regard, the student have different ideas.
There is also another view, group cooperative learning is not a good way.
In my opinion, group learning is a good.
My favourite TV programme is well known by the people around the world, that is The Animal World.
This TV programme show us a world of animals which we have never seen.
It can let us learn much about animals.
As we all know, there are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
However, others may think reading is waste time.
Secondly, when we read, we can have a specific place which is comfortable for us to catch knowledge .
You just do not make mistakes on you homework.
Without thousands failure and error, people can not succeed.
Only when he train himself day after day can he get these achievements.
If one wants to achieve success, only hard work and his perspiration can get him to glory.
If you want to success, you must be work harder and harder.
actually it brings some bad things too .
But we can't know these only know the appearance from the picture.
once our message was stolen .
For example, some one get overly interested in social practice and want to work full-time and earn money, so neglecting their studies.
I went to beijing with my family .
second day was rainy , we stayed at hotel .
Firstly, reading not only can broader your horizons, but also can shape a person 's personality.
How much a person to read can reflect a person's accomplishment.
Secondiy, reading can let us learn a lot of knowledge more than those of books.
We should not only read more books, but also read a good book.
Firstly, I must say sorry to our teacher, Miss X, because the last homework I don't have a good complete.
So I am very sorry.
Then, I want to say, I don't like introducing myself.
My name is Y, I come from Z P Province.
I think I am a outgoing girl.
But for the first time you meet me, I think you would feel that I am a quiet girl, but this is not true.
Once you are familiar with me, you would find that I am very crazy and outgoing.
I like listening to the music, but I don't like singing in front of many people, because I don't have a good voice, so I think I can't scare to the people.
I also like reading, I always believe that reading can broaden the vision.
Moreover, I can get many happinesses, and enjoy myself during reading.
I like sleeping very much, I always believe that sleeping is a enjoyable thing, I like.
And eating is a enjoyable thing, too.
To my future, I don't have many fantasy.
We are so pleasure to inform you that the goods under Contract No.
J-29 have been shipped per S.
And we will arrange transshipment of the goods in HongKong per S.
S. May flower  .
the appointment will be dealed with cost and freight.
After the discussing, we knew 40 per cent of students thought the animals should be kept in the zoo.
First, people can see kinds of animals in the zoo.
The rest of the students thought the animals can not be kept in the zoo.
The animals like living in the wild.
In my opinion, I think the animals who are in danger should be kept in the zoo.
Living in the wild is very dangerous and the number of endangered animals is fewer and fewer.
We should protect the animals and do something meaningful for them.
Second, we should not buy the hand-made which is made by animal.
I'm glad to know that you're going to Four Middle School.
The Four Middle is surround of mountian and have a lake that is in east of Four Middle School.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
Every time, the same sight.
Simple and warm I think.
It must be busy and I know I would try my best to work for that.
Not rich but enough.
My dream university is Cambridge.
It is located in England and it has a very long history.
This school has a very high reputation in the world.
It is very international and unique.
All the students here can pursue their own values and dreams.
By 1200, Cambridge was a thriving commercial community which was also a county town.
Then, in 1209, scholars taking refuge from hostile townsmen in Oxford migrated to Cambridge and settled there.
At frist they lived in lodgings in the town, but in time houses were hired as hostels with a Master in charge of the student.
Sustaining a world-class university demands investment in new facilities, new areas of study, and most importantly , in people; Continued fundraising efforts and innovative partnerships will be vital.
Boys, be ambitious.
This words are really exciting.
And it is really the place where you can catch your dreams.
the cobbie's attention, the cobbie was read a letter and lose his thought in something.
The cobbie, Tom, told the writer the deeply friendship between Ed and him .
Well, the story shows us that friendship is precious .
We share so much time with our friends.
What impressed me most, say, is his unimaginable patience and persistence which brings him a prize called salesman of the year and it is this that a treasured virtue which is too difficult to make it for each common person.
His mother who plays a significant role in his life that helps him a lot when he is help-needed and encourages he when he is down and blue.
In a nutshell, it is worthwhile to watch Door to Door which I've learned a lot from it and witnessed a disabled man's unique life.
There is a famous saying that goes, 'nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
First, I think human beings are ignorant in the way we treat the environment.
We cut down countless trees, burn non-renewable fossil fuels, hunt wild animals, pour waste water into rivers and so on.
It has brought serious consequences.
The ecosystem is upset.
Look, many rare animals are facing the danger of extermination, the water has been polluted, forests around the world is becoming less and less.
In my opinion, I think its high time that we should take action to protect our environment.
As we all know, love is one of the most essential things in our live, my life abound in loves, there are a sea of loves around me.
Such as the friendship, parents' love and so on.
However, we can't easily know about the love from others.
When we get love from our friends, we must be very excited and happy.
And we also show our love to him or her.
I'm going to show my love to someone, I'll say I love you to him or her.
I think I can touch the love they send to me.
The Mid-autumn is very important for Chinese people.
This is our Mid-autumn Festival, people are always very happy.
This winter holiday , I spent a exciting holiday going on a jouney.
Before I went there, I'm expect to trevel with my mother.
This trip we're going to Nepal.
It's a very beautiul country, although it's not very rich.
But the people in Nepal are very enthusiasm, friendly, plaim.
we went to several places.
The most unforgettable place is Chitwan.
Chitwan is a city in the south of Nepal.
It has the biggest country park.
We could ride elephants.
It's a very smart animal.
They brought many kands of animals in the forest.
In Chitwan you also can rafting.
The crocodiles were swimming around us .
I love Nepal.
Recently my classmate are taking part in a discussion about whether we should have an Engilsh listening test in college entrance examination or not.
The most important one of the four basic balities is listening, which can not be disconsidered.
Besides, it is an important way to get information.
However, some of them who are against it don't think so.
They think it's unfare because of the lintening effect.
There are diferences between countries and cities in teacher and equipment.
Each coin has two sides.
Both of the ideas has its own advantage.
Nowadays, when students learn English , they usually pay less attention to the words spelling.
Just a quick glance over any student's paper will reveal many spelling errors.
Some very common mistakes even affect the meaning:  he vs.
her  ; first vs.
In my opinion, it's due to the less emphasis.
As for the reasons , many students have the idea that small things do not matter and spelling is really a small thing.
In a group, people can help each other and solve problems more easily, but every coin has two sides, the others think that learning in a group is wrong.
As far as I'm concerned, I agree with study in a group.
My idol is my grandfather .
When I was a child , my parents have no enough time to look after me, so I usually lived with my grandfather, that experience is so happeniness and happy that I can not forget, during the time that I lived with him, he took me to fishing, catching insects, running.
It is good for both others and you.
I'm writing to tell you about some symptoms of anxiety among us students before exams.
Students who have anxiety often have some effects which lead to unhealth.
To some extent, this mood always does harm to students' health.
There's no denying that anxiety also affects our study.
According to this problem, there are some advice for you to get rid of it.
  Before exam, you should make a sutible reviewing project.
In addition, have good rests during the exam.
However, I have my own ideas, when I was very young, I wanted to be a teacher.
when l old.
I think the teacher's job is very important and necessary for the development of the society.
SOHO lifestyle provides convenience and become more popular among young people .
Different from working in a public job, they can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home.
Apart from this, with a SOHO lifestyle, people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about the complicated relationship with others colleagues.
And what's more , they can get rid of the traffic jam.
This means that you can simply log on to a website and search for the information that you intend and download them.
Account for this reason, a lot of people attempt to do it, and that might seem the method is convenient for us to finish the task.
Clearly that your teacher may realize that you didn't write it by yourself.
It is essential to say that it dosen't help you appreciate the subject.
As far as l am concern, it is not worthy that downloading essays from the Internet.
Nowadays, souring on the internet is very popular for many teenagers.
I think there are many advantages and disadvantages.
We can listen to the music, do some shopping and check the information on the internet.
It is very convenient for us.
But on the other hand, Internet is hurtful.
Many students often spend much time in playing computer games.
I think it is a waste of time.
We should do some meaningful things instead of playing games in our daily life.
Yaoming is my favorite sports star .
He is born on 9.12.1980.
Nowadays , more and more students are smoking in our class .
Some students suppose it is fashionable and others think it is bad for health .
I went Dali with my parents and we go there by plane.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
I love traveling.
In the past, university only for the excellent students.
It means only a few students could enter the university that most students miss it sadly.
But now, with the expansion of the university in Chinese, more and more students enter the universities to recevie the education.
In my opinion, it brings the chance to the students pursue the knowledge and reach their dream.
However, we couldn't to ignore the problem of it.
On the other hand, some universities blind to pursue the benifit and ignore the academic also make the students could to study the useful knowledge.
In fact, intake expansion in Chinese Universisty is a good phenomenon, we shuold surport it.
But as far as I concerned, I think the universities should ensure the quality of teaching not blind to pursue the benefit.
Last fridy was sunny, so many students were playing outside during class break.
Some students played basketball on the playgroud happily.
Suddenly, one of them fainted and fell down on the groud.
The others who were near sent him to the hospital quickly .
It made him get treat in time.
Although new technology invention has brought many conveniences to our life, it also increase the distance between people.
Nowadays, phubbing has been popular exceedingly, which is considered very harmful to relationships between people.
As far as I am concerned, there are primary reasons for it.
First of all, new technological inventions are so intellect that people rely on it more and more.
Secondly, people have more chances to get close to new technological inventions and can afford it due to the radical development of society and economy.
So modern life seems like technological life.
As we all know, every coin has two sides, so does technological inventions.
The original target of these technology products is to help human beings live a better life.
However, many persons are on the way to living the life which is lack of human beings communication.
Let's me tell you my school life.
I get up at 6 o'clock.
I have breakfast and leave home.
I always by bike to school.
At school , I talk about study with my friends before classes.
The first lesson starts at 8 o'clock.
Our school has eight of subjects.
I like maths best.
I think it's very interesting.
We have some club activities.
Such as see a film, play football, recite.
After school , I always play basketball with my good friends.
And then I have dinner at home.
I am Susan.
My best friend is Lucy.
We have something different.
I have long straight hair, but Lucy's hair is short and curly.
I like exercising.
And I am better at sports than her.
I often help her to practice playing tennis on weekends.
But she is good at school work.
And she always helps to bring out the best in me.
The last difference is that she is more outgoing and funnier than me.
She likes to tell jokes to the other and to make them laugh.
However, we also have similar places.
Both of Lucy and I like reading.
We often go to the library together on weekends.
  All in all, we are good friends.
Big lake an eye hope to go to can not see the end.
A read lake there are a lot of flowers, there are many unknown birds .
to the spring festival, the big people to the lack fishing .
they catch fish than angone else .
If we still turn a blind eye, so how can we have to say the word ethics  .
Thanks for asking me about my school life.
I wake up at half past six, brush my teeth and wash my face, after these I ride my bike to school.
The school subjects is very interesting, I like them very much.
My favorite class is chemistry.
After school, I usually go home quickly.
My after-school activity is just class.
With his father in debtors' prison, he was withdrawn from school and forced to work in a factory.
On Sunday.
We are going to the people's park by all the teachers and students in the school.
Visit the east lake in the morning.
At noon and then the lake for a picnic and kung fu is produced to visit the Shanghai museum 50points to school at 6 o'clock in the morning.
At 7 o'clock.
Don't be late and they wear comfortable clothes and shoes, bring your own lunch and drinks, ready to camera.
When we are reading we have to read word groups instead of word for word.
But today I was enjoyed this class, even though the time past quickly.
Imperceptibly, we can find that we are extremely dependent on cellphones.
Last but not least, we are desperate for communication rather than for the cellphone, itself.
Some of my classments think get online is good for us, because we can get information from the internet , and we can also broaden our horizons by internet.
We can also commulate with our classmates and share information by internet.
But there are also many students think highschool students should not get online frequently because watching the computer for a long time is bad for eyes, and falling in chating and computer games is bad for our study.
We're glad to inform you that the goods under sales confirmation No.
J-29 have been have shipped with Pearl cargo ship.
This is all about the CIF price.
you can eat the fruits if you can tell me their names in Enlish.
All the students listened care fully and studied hard.
He was a loyal courtier but finally opposed by aristocrats and later deposed and exiled by King Huai.
Finally he finished his last poem and jumped into the Miluo River.
In my memory, the festival is a day to eat some delicious food.
There is a common fact that no people think love is not important.
All of us are starved for it.
But most people have a wrong attitude towards love because they regard the matter of love primarily as that of being loved, rather than love others.
Benjamin Franklin had given a smart piece of advice to all who are starved for love.
If you would be loved, love and be lovable.
Not knowing much about it, I instinctively think love is something sweet but hard to grasp.
It is a kind of mutual appeal and a kind of understanding each other.
Most people fail to find the essence of love so they failed to know that there is nothing that needs to be learned about love.
People think the problem of love is how to be loved.
In my opinion, love requires our full attention.
No pains, no gains.
If we are starved for love, we should make it clear that it is important for us to love others.
The first measure to take is to love the one who you love with your full heart.
We should communicate with others so that we can have a good understanding of he or she.
What we can do is to take good care of them.
The second step to take is to make yourself good enough.
We can cultivate kind character, good attitude and so on.
You can see it no matter where you go .
There's a dramatic increase in the number of people who will prefer to it rather than the traditional book .
Many people believe that e-book is more convenient and easy to carry , apart from that you can also download whatever you like .
As far as I'm concerned, I firmly agree with the former point of view , as we all know the world is changing more and more faster , e-book is not only protect the environment but also more suitable for the people in the modern society .
Time flies so fast.
High School time is very memorable to me.
Unider the help of my English teacher, I have learnt a large number of English words in these three years.
Now, let me introduce my High School English teacher.
She is a very good teacher named Sue.
She is a firm, happy, independence woman.
As far as I am concerned, she is not only an English teacher but also an all-around person.
University Study is very interesting to me.
To be honest, I used to wish my University English teacher were a very handsome and interesting foreign man whose mother tongue is English.
I also wished that my English teacher had have classes outdoor and associate learning with play.
I want to learn a lot from University English Study.
Firstly, I want to learn written English and oral English to pass final exams.
First of all, it is not like Chinese wedding, lively and ostentation and extravagance.
Secondly, the scale is not as big as China's wedding.
The pressure of students is growing for the past few years.
parents always urge students to study hard and spend a lot of money on hire the teacher to teach their children.
These all results in students have so much homework to do.
Students performance is declining by the passage of the time.
Due to these all.
I think too much pressure makes the smartest student a fool.
Every student has different talents.
And is good at different part.
The study not only way to achieve success.
In consequence.
Parents should give appropriate pressure to children.
Parents can arrange time reasonably for their children to be relaxed and exercise.
Or give children more free time doing what they interested in.
Nowadays competition and wider , which covers sporty , job and education .
Ail of us in the society must be faced with competition.
On the one hand competition is good for our development .
To tell the truth, I dislike when people refer to competition.
As an old saying goes: every coin has two sides.
We are totally puzzled by these two types of condition.
The thing result in this may be what we called generation gap.
Exactly speaking, young people like fresh and special things while their parents like old things.
Just like music, parents like country music because of they thought it is quiet and peaceful.
Of course, country music is close to our life.
Nonetheless, young people thought country music is out of date and lack of movement.
As far as I am concerned, if only we make more comprehension between parents and children our relationship will turn better and better.
Mr Kolin is one of them.
We are pleased to inform you that your goods under No.
J-29 Sales Confirmation have been shipped per S.
Pearl and will be transshipped into S.
We have sent your shipping advice by fax in Mar 15,2013.
The more people drive, the more poisonous gases will be released into the atmosphere.
These harmful gases pollute our environment and threaten people'health.
What's more, there are so many traffic jams due to the numerous cars.
Thus, people have to spend time waiting.
As far as I'm concerned, it's better for one to work by bus ir by underground, if he doesn't have something emergency.
The government and organizations should arouse people'awareness of environmental protection through all kinds of activities.
When I feel tired and unhappy, the reading room is the best place to go to.
I thought making dumpings is interesting.
And the way to make dumplings is so easy that I can learn it in a moment.
Most of year time we are life in school, there are a lot of interesting thing.
We must arrive before half past seven in the classroom.
So teachers do.
If we can not in the classroom in time.
We will stand side of classroom door.
There are nine class in a day.
In monday, we have Math, English, art, Chemistry, Chinese, two self-study at night.
Iusually do my homework When I get home from school.
And I have dinner .
If I finish it is quickly.
That my general day life, it very homeliness.
Overall, I can't agree with that you can do something without self-confident.
I wold like to begin by pointing out that  self-confident as education, we should pay attention to it when we were a child  .
Some famous believe that education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper on your self-confident.
In many ways, it is a sight from the start and the end of your life.
Moreover, some individuals assert that self-confident relies totally on your parents and your education.
Neverless, I would be hard-pressed to imagine how the method to be succeeded will reach their ends without active individual involvement.
Quite ironic is that on the one hand some people wisely think self-confident is by our parents.
In other words, they can't get a clear perspective of self-confidence.
Self-confident is a mean that can help you success.
If you want to be self-confident, you should know some information of it before you do it.
It is a good way to be self-confident.
I think it is the most important part for every one in our daily life.
It is a good beginning of the thing when you encounter problems or you take an examination.
Self-confident is the cornerstone of the successful life, in many ways, to try to keep traditions alive with self-confident.
In my point of view, if you want to deal with it, you should be able to be confident.
If you want to success, you should know some results about it.
I'm X form Y Middle School.
In this particular contest, I was glad to have won the first prize in this contest.
And now I'm also glad to share my experience about learning.
For example, you can take part in the school English conrner, and you can learn some new English words.
It's also a good way to keep a diary every day.
It's very useful to improve your English skill.
And if you have enough time, you can find the website about Enjoy Reading.
You can practice English with your pen pal on this Internet and writing down your English articles.
I hope these experience can help you to improve your English skll.
Wherever in the world, the idea of what is a healthy family varied widely in different areas and period.
In my opinion, a healthy family is not only a system of shaving responsibility, but also a system of individual freedom.
There are five points about what's a healthy family.
First, a system of sharing responsibility.
The couple should take on the family's responsibility together.
Women have been in an unfavorable position for so many years in marriage, and husbands always think it is natural for women to stay at housework alone, such as cooking, cleaning and taking care of children.
This is unfair for women.
Second, respect for each other's privacy, the couples should respect each other and leave space for each other's privacy.
Though they are couples, each other have rights to protect their own secret.
Thirdly, the ability to bring quarrels to a quick and satisfying conclusion, When there is a quarrel, the husband should yield to his wife firstly.
This show is a spirit of a real man to be tolerant.
The most effective way is to be out for a while and then make explanation to the wife.
Fourth, clear parental guideline on right and wrong.
Parents is children's important teacher, and parent's behavior may affect children.
Nowadays many children complain that their parents are too strict with them and demand too much of them.
So clear parental guidelines is very important.
The last one is easy interaction among family members.
The family as a group, is more powerful.
A family is a smallest unit in society.
The roots of many social problems are within the families.
Most people were sleeping.
However, just as every coin has two sides, digital products may also have a negative influence on us.
For instance, some people are becoming too dependent on digital products.
Nowadays some students even can't concentrate on studying.
In brief, I believe that digital products have more and more advantages than disadvantages.
In the modern day people are increasingly being aware of the importance of health.
And there is no doubt that everyone wants to have a good body.
Everything has its limitation.
Our body is the same.
If we work around the clock for a long time, we will get sick.
In addition, if we don't get proper exercise, the final result will be obesity.
A healthy lifestyle includes a good diet, getting enough sleep and doing an appropriate amount of exercise.
There is a saying goes that an apple a day keeps doctor away.
What's more, we must eat breakfast daily.
Enough sleep is very important too.
It can make you energetic.
Physical exercise contributes to our metabolic system.
My favourite teacher is Ms Bai.
They say that first impressions are very important.
when i first meet her, i think that she is so beautiful and fridenly.
It was the first lesson with us, she introduced herself to us.
It is important for us to better understand her.
After a week, she is already popular.
Because Ms Bai's method of teachering is very interesting.
when we get into trouble, Ms Bai teach us solution method instead of answeras so that we can get good marks in chemistry.
During scientific experiments, she explains excatly what is happening and as a result.
She often cited examples in order to us can understand better.
She tells jokes when she think we are getting bored.
Remember once, i get bad marks.
I felt so sad.
She made a conversation with me.
I think she might criticize me, but she gave me comfort and encourage.
She said she can help me solution my problem.
I am grateful her.
With the development of th education, classroom activities have became various.
Some studnts would like to study on their own, they think study is very important for themselves.
When they are studying, they want to a quiet environment which could be beneficial to their study.
However other students prefer to study in a group.
Form my point of view, it is very necessary for us to study in a group.
When we study on our own, we could be bored.
Studying a group can make study funner, it can raise students' enthusiasm of study.
During the communication of classmates, we can find some questions which we ignorned and make relationship of classmates more friendly.
I sincerely invite you to join our outdoor activity which is to be held by Student Union at GuangMing Farm, situated 2 kilometres away.
As it's really a good chance for us who lead a busy city life to make some change, we are really looking forward to geting close to natures by means of planting vegetables, watering flowers, picking up fruit and so on.
Moreover, we can take exercise which we are lack of in the meantime.
We will get together at the school gate at 7:30 and start at 8:00.
It will last till 11:00.
I have got a idol called Jackie Chen .
He is very successful in each film.
And he works in each film .
They are all my favourite films.
For example , last week , I quarreled with my best friend.
One day, when C.
In now society, people who have morality is needed.
I think that school should pay attention to morality education.
School should usually organize students to social practice to improve students' practical ability.
Our student should increase our own self-cultivation.
On BBC, one of the news states, London's Metropolitan University stopped taking new students for its undergraduate degree in Women's Studies in 2005 and the last 12 students will graduate with a BA in the subject this July.
Hi.
We can think if we were writers how could we organize the plot which makes us strict.
today, we watched a video about those people who suffer from AIDS in the class.
I felt very upset after saw it and I think they are so unfortunately because people do not want to make friends with them.
They are so unfortunately, so I think we should give them some help.
Today in China most people are smoking include young people.
All people know smoking is an unfavorable convention.
It is unfavorable for our health.
Someone supposes it is a popularity.
They employ the most money to buy the cigarette.
Someone claim it can help them become a bit positive when they are in trouble.
Young people smoke in that study or popularity.
I disagree that smoking.
We know, psychologically problem aways lead to some disease.
Some person like living in the city because the city life has many advantages.
Living in a city can offer easy access to job, shopping and entertainment.
Life there is more colorful and meaningful than that in the country, and there are more modern conveniences in cities for us to enjoy.
By the way, the traffic is convenient in the city.
People can go anywhere they want by public traffic, taxis, buses, subways and so on.
First, country is close to the outdoors.
They say life in the countryside is closer to nature and better for their health.
Second, it is far away from the noise and air pollution and traffic jams of the city.
Families that live in the country have the benefit over crowded cities and industrial areas of having clean air.
For me, I would like to live in the city when I am young.
And living in the countryside when I am old.
In recent years, on excessive packaging become a kind of staly.
All we know, conkelose let's us beaty, ring let our hand more long, meanwhile, packaging also let a averiety of gifts expensiver.
There is a general debate nowadays about the issue of the homeless people in the word, coupled with more and more homeless problem in many county's .
As a matter of fact that getting worse every year .
We must hear a prominent marchen named The Little Matchgirl in our childhood.
In this story we should make out the little girl is homeless person too.
So we can imagine that homeless people either haven't a snug.
Not only they don't have a house to protect, but also have inadequate for comestible, clothes, clean water and the like.
In addition to these, we can wise that homeless people just like us, they also have father, mather, and maybe someone have kids.
Though they don't have a house, they also have their family.
It is undeniable that this is on doubt that people should have sympathy for the homeless because many of them suffer from unfortunate and need assistance.
Start with short term help-provide food and clothes or clean water.
Thirdly, the price cheaper.
But some small goods will buy on the net.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, English is interesting and play an important role in the world.
Secondly, English is applied around the world for computers and sciences.
As a result, we have to learn English to know more developed and advanced knowledge written in English from other countries.
English not only provides us lots of fun, but also opens up our eyes to another world.
He began to learn medical, afterwards because of China's war, he thought to save more people, also can't change reality.
It is often said that confidence is the first secret of success, without confidence one can do nothing well.
Adimittedly, self-confidence plays a crucial role whether learning or life.
Life is like a chess game and we are the pieces, we will lose heavily if we are not confident during the process.
In order to build up self-confidence, the most important thing is to adjust our mentality and maintain a positive attitude.
First of all, we should come up with our merits and demerits.
Recognize the disadvantages, improve it and seize the opportunity to show our advantages.
Secondly, self-confidence cannot stay in the imagination.
We should start with actions such as use a great variety of chances to exercise ourselves consciously.
Confidence needs to be trained in every moment of life and it also needs more self-expression.
For people who suffer from social phobia, they need participate in more group activities.
There is an old saying  one takes on the color of one's company  .
Thirdly, it is also effective to set appropriate goals.
Setting a goal itself is a form of confidence.
Once we have targets in heart, we will exploit our potential continuously and try best to realize them.
On all accounts, there are many methods to build up self-confidence.
With the development and application of high pier in the viaduct, more and more attention are being given to the quality of high piers in the bridge.
Load resistance in the high pier of the viaduct need to be much stronger and marvelous section takes many problems in construction.
To solve the problem of large section in high pier and load resistance, not only can greatly improve the quality of high piers but will accelerate the development and application of high piers of viaduct.
High-strength concrete frame column can reduce the size of column section, reduce weight and will not reduce the mechanical properties, which not only solves the problem that ordinary concrete have in quality and in construction but improves the economic benefit.
Confined concrete can effectively reduce the component section of concrete structure, increase the use of space and because the section and the weight is reduced, rate of earthquake is also further reduced.
Several possible reasons are as followed .
The advantages of going abroad are as follows.
Firstly, students who go abroad can have a favorable language environment, that is conducive to learning language.
Secondly, it can widen their vision, learning advanced western technology.
However, some people think it has disadvantages.
On the one hand, the students are too young to look after themselves, for they are lack in life experience.
On the other hand, they live without their friends and parents, feeling alone and missing their hometown very much, which has a bad effect on their studying.
When I was a child, I don't understand the hard parents, I always feel that they should bring up me.
They should let me to go to school and let me eat satisfied wear warm.
Now I grow up, I know their is not easy, but for so many years I have never say thanks to them.
Now most of the college students also like me.
We all think that their parents dont't have to say this, some people will feel embarrassed, and also some people will feel disgusting, the other people think it is noy necessary.
But I want to say, throw away the idea, their are your parents not others, don't feel embarrassed, bold speak your mind, I believe they will be moved.
Ther will feel that children grow up, know the consideration for them.
Actually they want is very simple, as long as you good is their biggest pursuit of life.
With the development of society, people on the school is also more and more high.
Filial piety is the most important of all virtues.
Sons and daughters should fulfil their filial duty to their parents.
The core of traditional filial piety cultures is love, while the core of love is the contribution.
Honesty is the best policy.
Cheating in nowadays is still a big problem.
People cheating in the examination.
In a short time, some people may take advantage of dishonesty to get what they want.
Character is a project of our life.
Good character requires doing the right things.
In order to keep public out of smoking, from 1th Jenerary 2011, the government has put on the notices of stop smoking  .
of smoking.
And about 75% of the person are man,25% are women.
Besides, about 5.4 billions person are being hurted by second-hand smoke.
My world was occupied with exercise and examinations before I enter the university.
The colorful life of university let me feel emotional.
About the problem whether we should participate in campus societies, my classmates have different horizons.
Some believe that campus societies could enrich our life.
They regard it as a good way to make friends with people who have the same interest as us, a stage where we might show our abilities, develop self-confidence and broaden our views.
While others don't think so.
As for me, I enjoy kinds of campus societies, which bring me to a fantastical world.
Taking part in clubs light my boring life just like a lighthouse.
However, All thing should be regularly  .
As the saying goes, pratice makes perfect.
, means you practice something over and over again you can gain a good command of it.
I always believe it.
Learning English you must not only to memorize the word but also to used it in daily life.
Use English, Try to conmunicate in english with your classmate or your teacher ect.
My favourite Radio Programme is The Central People's Broadcasting Sation voice of China.
It belong to the night emotion class programme, and every night.
This programme is mainly carries on the emotion exchange.
Show host will tell some interesting story, can also speak some ordinary person soul-stirring story.
The programme give people some spiritual comfort.
The host will heart and soul with each audience through sweet or vigorous clear voice communication.
The show portrays contemporary Chinese spiritual home.
some people think that firecrackers is a good things.
They believe : at first, it can increase atmosphere when they are set off on holidays.
with friends obviously can deepen the leadership each other.
In the meantime, you can enjoy the grand view and gain a pleasure of sharing with others.
However, others person disagree to set off firecrackers.
love the broader and deep tradtional Chinese culture.
Oneday, I was sleeping but woken up by my parents' laughter.
I was a little angry.
But the curiosity won.
I went downstairs, walking into the living room.
To my surprise, it was playing a blind-date show.
As far as I'm concerned, the reasons for this phenomenon are follow: First, more and more single persons are delayed on matrimony by annoyingly busy.
They need blind-date.
Second, TV stations seize this opportunities to make profits.
Three, in order to cater to audiences, producers had better make more innovations.
In my opinion, the producers must act according to their conscience.
And the persons in blind-date show should be responsible and serious.
We audiences had better give patience and encouragement to them.
Lectures and discussions teaching are two ways.
To nowadays teaching, college students have different preferences.
A number of them like lectures teaching.
Teachers have a special way of their own about teaching.
As a college student, we have different academic courses.
So we will accept a great variety of different teaching methods---lectures and discussions.
Then, it makes us have different views.
Because the method that suits oneself can be better learning.
In my opinion, it's essential for us to accept a great variety of different teaching methods.
The packaging of products draw people's attention and is affecting consumers to choose when shopping.
The packaging of products such as colors and shapes play an important role in selling.
But it has no means to become the standard when we are shopping.
Good packaging does not necessarily have a good product.
For example, a mooncake costs only two or three yuan, but when it's put into a delicate box, the price will go up highly.
First, what weshould figure out is what is put into under the packaging.
Second, thinking more fron the pespective of marketing and comparing more similar products with which you want to buy.
There are many reasons for me to study English.
On one hand, with the development of social, English become more and more important .
On the other hand, I can learn more about western countries by studying English.
What'more, as a word saying: One is never too old to learn.
Sam and Tom are good friends.
There are a lot of differences between Sam and Tom.
Sam is smarter than Tom , and Sam is taller than Tom.
Sam is funnier and more hard-working than Tom.
Oh, Sam gets up as early as Tom.
Tom is good at sports.
He runs faster than Sam.
He is thinner than Sam and friendlier than Sam, so he has lots of friends.
As is known to all, waste on campus has become a serious problem.
We can always see some students dump a lot of food.
Sometimes, they buy much food, but they don't eat up.
As far as I'm concerned, we should set a good example to reduce waste on campus.
should eat it up and don't dump it.
Food doesn't come easily.
Last year, it was the first time for me to make purchases of goods on the Internet, which made me desperately sad.
After a few days, the package remained not to arrive, made me upset.
After the Spring Festival, I got the package in the end, while I was surprised by the clothes' quality.
I have learnt a lot during this shopping experience, which is I will never buy anything online.
Charles Robert Darwin was born February 12, 1809.
He is a British biologist, founder of the theory of evolution.
In 1831 he graduated from the University of Cambridge.
  The book tell us if you can adapt the environment , you will survive in the world.
Origin of Species is the basis of modern biological theory of evolution.
It subvert the Creationism.
  The Origin of Species is a creative book.
It is an artistic work of Academia.
In my opinion, Charles Robert Darwin is a creative person.
His examination help people increase the knowledge.
He made people learn more about the world.
He was a great scientist.
University is full of fantasy for me.
As we can see from the picture, an old woman, who lives alone, seats in front of a mirror and talks with the person in the mirror.
Or to say, she just talks with herself.
At the first sight of the picture, my heart was deeply touched.
Using the most beautiful time of the life, parents bring up their children day and night.
Maybe there are many excuses which we can accept understandably.
Sons and daughters have to busy themselves with work.
Or maybe they have to take care of their little baby.
However, parents ask for big nothing, just a call from you or a dinner eating together.
All in all, it is time for us to be concerned about our parents, no matter how busy we are, just like what they have done since we was born.
The first step, call your parents and tell them that you will have dinner with them tonight.
Secondly, go back early and help mom in the kitchen.
And then, just talk with your dear parents at the table enjoyably.
It is a natural phenomena.
The climate change is only a guess ten years before .
Now , however , future is extending in front of us .
What the Canadian see is the Arctic ice that is disappearing gradually .
What the people of Latin America and the South Asia see is the destructive strum and flood .
Many scientists think , a large number of the greenhouse gas emissions cause the aggravate of the greenhouse effect , it is the basic reason of global warming .
Nonetheless , not all scientists think so .
Some people suppose it is quite another matter .
They make claims that global warming is a nature phenomena.
It is nothing to do with human activities .
Firstly, we should eat a minor quantity of meat to the best of our ability .
In that there is a lot of resource waste during the cultivation , feed , transport and so on .
Secondly , our government should pay attention to resource reclamation and try our best to be frugal of resource and employ popular type of shipping .
Thirdly , it is important that we should grow trees and greenbelt in spring .
Awaiting summer , we will see a green world .
Nothing is impossible for a willing heart .
I believe , we can see our country through .
Sometines you have to stop thinking too much , and just go where your heart takes you.
As long as we do , we can deal with it .
The picture said that someone puts some online rumors on the internet.
Others seeing them are afraid.
As we all know, online rumors are harmful.
Because the people spreading of online rumors will take in us so that they can gain lots of interests.
So if we are cheated, we will lose many interests.
Such as money, spirit.
Even they can threat to the personal safety.
So facing the online rumors, we should keep calm firstly.
And we ought to know characteristics of the online rumors.
When we don't know the news is ture or false , we can ask someone for help.
We can tell police the online rumors.
All in all, we are sure not to believe the online rumors when we across from them.
I read a book named The Old Man and the Sea  , whose writer is a famous person in Ameirican.
An old fisherman, had not caught any fish for 84 days.
He set out to the sea again and went far away from home.
Fortunately, he found a big fish this time, he struggled with it, and killed it in the end.
He fought for it, not only wanted to make money but also show his pride and prove himself a true fisherman.
The fish was very large, dragging the boat drafted for two days and nights.
But the big fish attracted many odd herds of sharks to eat as food.
The old man was exhausted when he was at home.
  said in this story.
He still was appreciated and he was respected by other fishermen.
Seeing us again, when we meet some difficulties in our lives, we are often unconfident and we always complain a lot.
We should learn the spirit from the old man and do not give up easily.
It is uesfol for our whole lives.
Anyway, try our best to do everything.
I think the subject is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large export order, people whose foreign language is bad.
the subjects will start at 5.00pm in the conference room.
the person i want to appreciate most is my mom.
it is my mother that gives me life and all her love she is a womon with short hair and shi is also a littie short.
she is patient with me and always smiling while talking.my mom teach me how to think independentiy and helps me to build up my confidence.
when i have some difficulty in my study.
it is my mom who encoroges me to work until i solve the problem.
when I'm feeling sad or bad.
Books can also reflect what you like.
Such as you want to go to travel, like to travel, or you will look at some travel notes.
When do you often see a writer's books are, elucidation he in the regions that are similar to those of you or of worthwhile places for you to learn.
Classics in their view are out of style, boring and on fun.
We can easily find support from that telephone now can be called between many people, not as the classic one that can be called between only two people.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of information technology, no one can deny the basic face that Internet play an important part in our daily life.
On the one hand, it is widely acknowledged that Internet have become an indispensable part of society, which make our life and work more comfortable.
Besides, Internet make our life more and more convenience.
As we all know that every coin has two sides.
On the other hand, if we depend in Internet, for which will bad for our internal communication skill.
As far as I am concerned, for which problem more good than harm.
For Internet, we should treat correctly.
It was a person not a ghost.
with the development of society, home has the most important meaning of country, which is on behalf of 56 minorities.
We must love and protect it forever, and at the same time, home is just like a harbor.
As far as I'm concerned, it is important for us.
Home consists of many members, for instance, your parents, sister, brother, also your grandparents and so on.
When you encounter some unhappy things, they can comfort you and put you at ease, and hear your heart carefully.
So the key point is that they will be happy what you are happy.
their families-continent, but Taiwan is located in the other side-the strait of Taiwan .
So the government takes measures to avoid the USA destroying the relationship of China and Taiwan, meanwhile do their best to prepare completely.
Only if we can have a happy, peace, secure life.
Now we know everybody likes to get home with their families during the holiday.
In a word, we know if the country home is lost, we cannot live harmonious society, meanwhile a small home is lost, we cannot have confidence and perseverance to face up everything.
The classic plays an important role in your life.
However, nowadays, some people think that reading classics.
There are many reasons for this phenomenon.
First of all, most of them are in the shadow of practical ideas.
These classic is unlikely to meet these requirements, such as professional skills or find a good job.
And, more importantly, online reading can help people obtain information more easily and effectively, by contrast, reading classic is very time-consuming.
As college students, we sdhould fully realize the importance of reading a classic.
In the future, we face a lot of pressure and challenges, vocational skills obviously not solve all these problems.
His name is Zhang Jiebin.
He's tall and thin with short black hair.
He is quite shy with strangers, but he gets on well with his classmates.
He likes reading very much, he goes to librany nearly once a day.
basketball, football, table tennis, especially badminton.
he is really bad in this sport.
I think he also does badly in basketball and table tennis.
said.
you.
example, all of the people here could have a better life.
The house got bigger and some of us even moved into the beautiful flats.
The roads which were muddy and narrow that days got spacious.
And they connected these villages and the towns.
We also bought a Tractor, a truck and a car.
The biggest change in my heart was that the student could have good education.
There were so many changes in the countrysides that I can't tell you all.
Last Sunday, I was going over my lessons, because there will be an exam next week.
But my roommate had nothing to do.
So he watched the football match on the Internet , it was very noisy, and he also cheered the players.
I was very angry, and I couldn't stand.
At last, I let him turned down the sound.
Rencently, I read news about on income sources between Chinese students and American students.
It's reported that illustrates the different in sin-us college students source of income.
Chinese students and American students are different from the ways of education.
I suppose that the differences has the following three points.
First, It's reason for Chinese and American have the different state of the union.
Second, Chinese students have some difference of the American students' education.
In my opinion, I think our students should learn more way from American students.
It has many fans in the world.
And apple company producted some products, like ipod, ipad, iphone.
Iphone appearance is very simple and generous.
And it can be installed on so many game and software.
Iphone could be the first time to update the mirco-blog or Renren and so on.
Although I like it very much, but I didn't have.
Because it's expensive for me, and it need enough flow.
Then it updated soon, for example you bought iphone4, iphone5 will listing soon.
And many function more suitable foe the business people or in foreign countries.
Shortly before, the creator of apple---Jobs, died.
People feel sorry for this.
I think without him, there is no apple today.
He is really great man.
Although Jobs is gone, but his spirit of innovation and firm, stay in this world.
As far as I am concerned, opportunities, determination and perseverance are all important.
Beijing is a very old city.
Its story is very interested.
It have many beautiful parks.
But the best one is the Summer Palace.
It's famous for the Great Wall.
It's very long and beautiful.
Visitors shouldn't miss it.
It have many execellent department stores.
The Beijing opera is very famous.
A lot of people like to see it.
The weather is always good.
In Beijing, the most famous food is Beijing Duck.
It's very delicious.
Everying coin has two sides .
E-books also have advantages and disandantages .
so , we can find it more convenient and frivolus .
It is more easy to carry out outside .
For example , we can download books from the Internet for free or we can read them directly online besides , if you are tired to read the book now , you can preserve it and you can read this place the next time .
The last one but not the least one, E-books are more envirmental protection .
It is known to all that disasters are hanppened frequently and the most important reason for the phenomenon is the decreasing of trees .
E-books also have dis adevantages .
As far as I am concerned , we can read some not so important books by computers and celephone .
And we can look into the distance after the long time reading .
Everyone know the Hazy Weather, but we all don not know it in detail.
So i looked into it yesterday through the website.
The reason of why wo should know more about it is we meet the Hazy Weather more often.
There are a lot causes for it , such as vehicle exhaust, and the waste gas from the factory.
For our health, it is our duty to do something to solve the problme.
For example, we need not to drive our car everyday.
The leaves fall from the trees.
Leaves whirled in the wind like the flying butterfly.
The whole earth will be dressed in white.
There is the old sayings  to open a book is always helpful.
Ten years later, I think it should de like this.
In this picture, we can see a young boy and his father are talking about something in a room.
The boy worried about disposing of nuclear waste.
But the dustbin in his room is full of garbage.
The young boy is always thinking about something very far away from his life.
He worries about disposing of nuclear waste, but does not want to sweep his own room and empty the dustbin.
He has a broad field of vision, but from a certain point of view, he ignored to focus on his side.
In my opinion, the son's idea is not wrong.
Because he is not only take care of himself but also pay attention to the world and human.
There is no denying that all kinds of after-school activities add happiness to our school life.
I like sports very much.
I often play volleyball with my friends in order to keep fit.
I can get happiness and friendship when I am with them.
What's more, jogging is a great choice for me, too.
Though someone thinks it is too boring.
It goes without saying that I took part in my school orchestra last month.
And we gave a performance which I thought was amazing.
It is high time that we studied hard.
Everyone knows that the Internet developes better and better, besides, the development of net gives peple a new way to make friends and love someone.
Some people who prefer it think that a cyber love is beautiful beacuse distance make beauty of love.
But in fact, there are lots of points that should pay attention to.
You know, most people on the net attracted because of good looks, but they don't know it is deceitful.
Furthermore, true love dose not grow without contact between two minds.
As alawys know, it is really dangerous to meet net friends who have never met each other.
True love depends on acceptance of each other's demerits as well as hunger for each other's merits.
Firstly, l will continue studying about something new by reading many books to improve my quality.
Then, l will find a job about tour guide because l love travel.
Meanwhile, l will have several part-time jobs which make more money for my parents.
After that, l will bring my family to walk around to open their eyes.
I will afford to do sports with them every day, which makes us healthy.
My future is in my heart, to achieve what l want to do, l will make great efforts now.
We know that AIDS is the one of the most dangerous disease in the world .
When I saw those pictures about AIDS .
I feel so sad .
Espiation saw those children who suffer from disease .
They can't play like normal children .
They don't undstand why the disease have't right .
A lots parents don't allow their children stay away form them .
The patient of AIDS 's children also need care .
They look forward to someone's love to make them feel happy feel the world is full of love .
So move now .
You can wrriten letter to them .
Sending some funy books to them .
Or send some money to the medical establishment hope it can find the right way to cure AIDS .
I hope everybody could pay more attition to the children who got AIDS.
They're not demon.
They just children.
When they happy they will give you a beautiful simile like normal children .
Trust me .
Polar bears are one of the largest and most dangerous hunters in the North.
Their bodies are built for winter and they do best in colder areas.
Unfortunately, polar bears are now threatened by recent climate changes.
We can do somthing to the global warming such as plan tree, don't drive the car.
To ride a bike, reduce the greenhouse gars.
I wish the polar bears will have a happy time.
From childhood we read a lot of literature, including poetry, prose, novel etc.
Nowadays our earth is becoming warmer and warmer.
First, we should use more clean energy.
Third, we should recycle bottles, glass and plastic bags.
My firat trip it's went to the Dong Bei when I was eight year's old.
WE went to there by train.
the train it's very fast.
I went to there with my parents and my grandmother.
We clambed mountain by the sightseeing bus when we at Ji Lin.
We saw the Tian Chi and Korean's collage.
They were very beautiful and nice.
They were delicious and smelled very good.
I liked the food very much, I'm very enjoy the trip.
This trip made me very happy.
From above, we can find that the reasons are as follows.
First of all, witn the development of science and technology, more and more people are busy working, too busy to cook by themselves, so they have dinner or supper in the restaurant near the work place.
However , these restaurants' workers often add something harm to our health in order to improve the taste.
Secondly, some people fail to develop a healthy habbit, such as washing hands before eating, no eating the leftover food and soon, that makes illness finds it way in by the mouth easily.
Nowadays the crack of the steel bridge in soldering holes accounts for a large proportion of the fatigue crack, of which the influence cannot be ignored.
So effective studies of the fatigue crack can wait for no longer which are of benefit to all the world.
The author uses the ANSYS finite element software to simulate the orthotropic steel bridge deck of a steel box girder over the hole numerically.
This essay tells us the processes to simulate the crack.
First of all, definite the calculation model and material parameters.
And key parameters, namely the shape of two through holes, thickness of top plate and diaphragm, are analyzed.
Then, definite boundary conditions and loading conditions.
Finally, calculate the model.
At the same time, the author uses some comparative ways to analyze the influence of the fatigue crack.
There are many conclusions we can be drawn from the essay.
For example, the stress at welding seam calculated using the soldering hole shape of highway standard is larger than that of railway standard.
The railway standard, which are 19.7 Mpa and 16.5 Mpa, respectively.
The railway standard is favorable to fatigue, the maximum stress at welding hole edge according to railway standard is larger than that of highway standard, which are 19.7 Mpa and 16.5 Mpa, respectively.
The highway standard is favorable to fatigue.
And the thickness of top plate has insignificant influence on stresses at soldering hole and welding hole edge.
Besides, the maximum stress at diaphragm varies significantly when its thickness changes and the thickness of diaphragm has great influence on the stress, which decreases with increasing diaphragm thickness.
English is one of chinese student's important subject.
Learning English include the lisening, speaking, reading and writing.
I think, first, exams should be modified to add some factors into it, which would help students pay more attention to spelling.
Then, schools should also set effective mechanisms to help teachers as well as the students to realize the importance.
To deal with this problem, successfully, we should be made aware of the serious consequences of misspelling.
We should try to establish the connection between the word and the word.
It considered as the best time in a day.
By the way, blue is my favourite colour and it stands for calm and peace.
I can read the whole book with my soul at peace in this blue sea.
First, a teacher who is rich iin knowledge is a good teacher.
So that he can teach us knowledge.
Second, a good teacher who loves to talk to students is a good teacher.
Then the students will talk with teacher relax and they will not think about too much.
It's good for students'health.
Third, a teacher who's lessons are amusing and interesting is a good teacher.
In my opinoin, the good teacher is kind and patient.
So that I can ask teacher for many questions.
And then he will explain to me so clearly that I can understand it.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of new technology, e-book is more and more populor .
In addition, e-book is environmental .
So it is not very easy to take .
Besides, e-book affects people's vision seriously.
We should keep the pace with morden city .
Her name is Lisa.
Five years ago, We went to the same mid-school.
Before we became the best friend, We were only the classmate.
We never fight and argue.
A few months.
She was adorable.
She loves kidding and listening music.
Her hair was very curly and black.
She also was very kind, easy-going and so on.
When she helped other people.
She was very happy all day.
She played basketball for the most part and She can play it well.
She was crazy about table tennis.
All in all.
L like talking with her very much.
L supposed that we got on with each other.
A lot of people love playing with her.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some students don't agree with it.
They think it is bad for our body, especially eyes to get online frequently.
The more time we spend on the internet, the worse our eyes will be.
In addition, it takes some students much time to chat with others or play computer games.
But the other students think it is good for us.
It makes us access the knowledge and broaden our horizons to use the Internet.
At the same time, we can share the knowledge we learn with friends.
In my opinion, two of opinions are both right.
If we use the Internet in incorrect way, it will do harm to us.
It's an great honor for me to speak here.
First, let's start with a widespread example.
An undergraduate asked for a trio of Apple Products , tending to follow the fashion trends.
What really affects is our vain glory.
Vain glory blossoms but never bears.
So what can we do is to stay far from vanity, and live in a rational life.
Best friend will make a breakthrough in company with you, he will never leave you behind.
Looking at pictures isn't in conflict with reading passages.
A harmonious family provide a comfortable condition, which is good for children to develop theirs' personality.
Besides it is good for every family number to get a lot of benefits.
If children living in a family where is full of feud , the children will be influenced by this and it will injure their hearts .
So I think all people should join together to create a harmonious family .
Water is very essential for people  s living, but the amount of water can  t meet people  s need.
With the industry developing, more and more water need be used .
The temperature raising daily.
Susan Hobson is my secretary and she has worked in my office for two years.
She is a competent secretary who is hard-working during her working time.
She has many good qualities such as devoted to career and known for her honesty in office among her colleagues.
Besides, she has a good command of English and German with influent speaking.
First, you can not keep learn.
Second, you must prepare a book to finish the wrong topic.
Life is so difficult.
when i wrote to the 100th word.
I find that the words were on the wrong place , so i moved it.
And it was a stop , then i pressed the back key.
And the page turn the search bar.
And i searched it again.
It was in a white screent .
Everything was gone except the time  .
Above this, Some people even worried about us.
They think that our 90s focu much on self and despise the teamwork in our daily life.
And they also think we lock perseverance and are easy to give up.
They even think we are blind pursuit of what is popular nowadays and too eager to be successful.
But i don't think so .
It is too one-sided to consider all the 90s as mediocre persons.
In my opinion , i think our 90s are very patient and tough.
That's all.
I said, Comrade Yang, I want to buy two packs of salt and 2-metre cloth, and ----.
  OK, here you are.
Reading has been widely advocated.
The old saying, to open a book is always beneficial .
Some people think that reading is important.
By reading books, you can know many messages that you don't know before you read.
Second, reading can enrich knowledge.
Books record a wide range of the things about life.
Through reading, we can learn about various aspects of life.
But other people think, reading is not important, we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences.
First of all, they think through the practicing, we can learn many skills.
Secondly, practice teaches us skills.
Practical ability made us know how to learn a certain language, how to get a good job, how to become popular in your circle and son on.
In my opinion, you can improve yourself in all aspects by reading and reading is a critical part of learning and growth, at the same time, we should pay attention to practical ability.
Not only to read many good books to enrich your knowledge and get whatever information you need.
Mrs Sun is my English teacher.
She is twenty years old.
She looks very nice.
She quite tall, with big eyes and short hair, and she wears glasses.
She always wears dress.
She is always friendly to us.
Her all students love she very much.
She likes singing and dancing.
Last summer, a new selling point known as blind audition brought the attention of audiences to The Voice of China which are first shown in Zhejiang Satellite TV.
In this show, four famous singers as judges do not appericiate the contestants' performence face to face but sit back to the contestent until then decide to turn the chairs to show that they would like to coach this contsetant.
If more than one judge turns, the contestant has the right to choose one judge as his or her coach.
Recently, people often discuss a topic which is important between theory and practice.
However I do not think that the topic is meaningful.
In my opinion, we should attach importance to both theory and practice.
In the first place, Theory is based on practice.
Theory comes from practice.
Theory not been tested by practiced is not worthy of belief.
On the other hand, Theory, in turn, severs practice.
I do not think that it necessary for us to cherk every theory.
As far as I am concerned, Theory and practice are interrelated each other.
Now since most school do not attach importance to moral education, without virtue only cause there are lots of creams.
They don't show filial piety to parent, not honest and dependable, even on bus refused to give seat to old.
Newspapers also frequently sees college students because his seat even shout at the elderly.
If people cannot even basic morality is not good, even if he has a high capacity, to the society he isn't a useful person.
Because he is a selfish man, he wouldn't make any contribution to the sociable.
Now I'm having a good time with my chinese friends.
First, I study with some chinese students, and do some sports with them, for example play football.
And then, we visit some places of historic interest and scenic beauty.
We also see Peking Opera in Beijing.
I live in a chinese student's home, and I enjoy the Spring Festival with his family.
I like the life that in China.
My father is an extremely crucial people for me .
So I can always depend on my father .
When I was a child , my father plays with , which makes me grow up .
Now my father teaches me how to make friends with others and depend on myself .
My said, parents can help you , teacher can help you , others still can help you .
But all these people only help you to depend on yourself .
Althoug I can depend on my father .
Nowadays the electronic computers are now in common use all over the world.
When I was in the 3 grade I was closed to the computer firstly.
On my studies, the internet is a good resource I can make rational use of it.
When I surfing on the net, much surfing has impaired my vision.
A coin has two sides.
Nowadays, more and more college students have a lot of unhealthy habits.
Good habits play an important role in our life.
As for as I am concerned, a part of students usually pull an all-nighter to play computer games.
So those college students in the class are not committed to listening.
Their study are not good.
And spend a lot of money on those are not necessary.
In order to their huge costs, their parents most be crazy at work.
It is harmful to us.
Some students always stay up into night although they don't play computer games.
First and foremost, so precious is time that we can't afford to it.
you can do something good for you.
For example, we can read books, they can open our minds.
Besides, we should go sleep in time are prepare for work tomorrow.
Last but least, we should realized that it is not easy for my parents to earn money.
we should keep thankful to them.
We are able to communicate with others in online instead of answer a couple of questions in a big class .
At present, there are a number of people more ande more rely on computers.
It's shows that use computer to do thier work, chatting with other people on the Internet or palying computer game.
There are many else.
But it will bring some problem owing to relying too much on computers.
In my opinion, I admit computers have make our life convenient and rapid.
We can easily do many things.
But computer also may cause a few problem.
For example, many people's writing ability is more and more weak and many words we couldn't write.
And computer makes people lazy.
So, we should propose people don't rely too much on computers.
The olympic Games will be held after four years.
SOgoverment will be putting up new buildings in the capital and the whole area .
Kurt Gunter designed the buildings and workers will have completed the new stadium by the end of nest year.
Ten years later, I must have graduated from college, and I can do what I want to do.
With the development of science and technology, the phenomenon of global warming.
For example, human activity causes decline in the forest area.
A lot of people use fossil fuels, leading to increased carbon dioxide emissions.
For this phenomenon, we should take some measures to alleviate global warming.
As a college student, we should learn the knowledge of increase global warming.
We also can save energy and no waste.
We can hold activities, such as planting trees, do volunteer work.
Tsinghua University is my dream university.
It has long history, which interests me most.
As one of the famous universities in China as well as the whole world, it represents the high technology.
Tsinghua University, Located in the northwestern suburbs of Beijing, was set up in 1911.
In 1928, Tsinghua University changed its name as National Tsinghua University.
In 1938, it changed its name as National Southwest Associated University and move to Kunming, Yunnan Province.
Tsinghua University has many departments, even some well-known schools.
The University includes several departments.
They are Department of Architecture, Department of Building Science, Department of Civil Engineering, Department of Construction Management, Department of Hydraulic Engineering, Department of Environmental Science, Department of Environmental Science, Department of Precision Instruments and Mechanology, Department of Precision Instruments and Mechanology, Department of Thermal Engineering, Department of Automotive Engineering, Department of Industrial Engineering, Department of Electrical Engineering, Department of Computer Science and Technology, Department of Automation, Department of Microelectronics and Nanoelectronics, School of Software, School of Aerospace, Department of Engineering Physics, Department of Chemistry, Department of Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Mathematical Sciences, Department of Physics, Department of Mathematical Sciences, Department of Physics, Department of Chemistry, School of Life Sciences, School of Economics and Management, School of Economics and Management, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, School of Law, School of Journalism and Communication, Academy of Arts and Design and School of Medicine.
The famous four buildings, which stand for the whole Univerty, are the auditorium, a library, the Science Museum, the Coliseum.
We can know others.
Just like The Land Of Woods And Waters, landscape garden, assembly hall, the main building.
They all make Tsinghua University become mysterious and histories.
I suppose I can enter Tsinghua University one day.
I'm the nersonin charge of the school.
Now we need an editor of the English version.
If you do it, you will need to choose articles form English newspapers and magazinesand the Internet, and, you need to select and edit the articles from students.
Throughout the years civil service exam registration personnel number, enter oneself for an examination for civil servants peremptory has become a popular trend, as a way out for comfort.
Another view can see an official Chinese several thousand years of history, has always been a people turn is the main and important way.
An official means high person, shall have the right money and treasures will be plentiful.
Judging from the current also means to obtain a good seats.
For the earning, he first realized is even worst and a good income, a stable if luck can also have a tight, the future is more likely to Carnegie Hall.
I think the key or the management of civil servants and examination method.
Civil servants, civil servants, just as its name implies is to serve the public.
Now that is a fundamental service personnel should be aware of the public is.
Should want to other services staff have a strong sense of competition, have to have.
China's employment environment is not optimistic.
Difficult employment, and is not usually difficult.
Thirdly, the rights and interests of Chinese common laborers has largely been illegal trampled and deprivation.
Light can very clearly see from the social welfare, civil service benefits is best, all kinds of social welfare can complete implementation of the national requirements, and even some units will is beyond the scope prescribed by the state.
In ordinary workers here at the grass-roots level, to fully perform the enterprise is very low, many of them are disguised to deal with, or transfer of loopholes.
Coupled with relevant government department supervision does not reach the designated position, or some local authorities are everywhere for these situation, therefore grass-roots employee's welfare extravagant hopes.
Combined with the low level of wages, workload is big, and competition is intense, so of course everyone wants to take an examination of civil service.
In recent years, the advantages and disadvantages of phones have become a hot topic both on and off campus.
There are a recent survey of 2000 college students asked about their attitudes towards phone calls and text-messaging.
What they like most is that they can reach other people while what they like least is that others can reach them.
There are several reasons for this.
First of all, students get more opportunities to communicate with their old friends and relatives who are far from them.
It is an excellent way to improve relationships with them.
And then , it costs less to send a message than write a letter or any way else.
For example, if they have anything emergency, a short message will be convenient and useful.
It is very cheap but timely.
Last but not least, it is general that the Internet with cell phones among college students are widely.
They can learn news, look for useful information, chat on line, etc.
From my point of view, with the development of technology and economy, phones will be more and more convenient for people, especially our college students.
Nowadays, more and more universities think the most important thing is study and cost lots of time to develop students' study ability.
As a university student in the new times, we should develop study ability and moral character in the meanwhile.
If we want to be a excellent student, moral character is absolutely necessary.
In the future when we step in the society, moral character may be more important than the study.
Because lots of companies think high on the moral character.
They thought moral character is the basic of conduct oneself and good moral character can help the company get the better development.
If a person only have good study ability but didn't have a good moral character.
Although Government employees exam is more and more popular , graduate student is busy with the job.
One the other hand , undergraduate student get off the university to found the job, but we know the salary is a few and request more experience , certainly experience is important .
My name is X and I am from Y, Z.
There are four persons in my family, including my father my mother my sister and me.
I am an active girl, I really like to make friends.
Also, I like eating and playing.
I can eat too much once.
I like swimming.
But there is no swimming pool in our school.
And I like playing badminton, too.
What is more, my favourite colour is blue.
But in my opinion's, as a student, I should fully realize the importance of reading literature.
when we work, we will face a lot of challenges and pressure, we maybe angry, but literature will make me calm, and know a lot of reasonable.
This year, I had a very unusual Spring Festival.
Then we got the headmaster's permission.
In the end, we had a big success.
Although I didn't spend my Spring Festival with my parents, I still had an interesting holiday.
There are four aspects of communication.
First, need a brief self introduction, it is very necessary.
Second, the differences between the two cultures, as students of us, the most concerned about is the diet.
Third, you can exchange the two sides of the middle school education.
At last, This is some of my advice on this activity.
The business of the college is not only to train you, but to put you in touch with what the best human minds have thought.
Anyone in the world can't be isolated, instead, we are attached to the society.
thoughts more or less.
When we are not in technical training school, we only specialize in some particular skills.
While in universities, it can provide us with both training and education.
We can learn many things from many aspects.
College can supply lots of knowledge for us and all kinds of activities.
Such example happens in millions of people, that they've made up their minds thousands of times to give up smoking but failed all the time.
If you want to run faster than a car, that's impossible, and you won't achieve it even if you practice everyday.
If you plan to become a scientist today, but tomorrow you change your mind to become a philosopher, success won't come to you neither.
So a strong will means it is realistic and permanent, rather than just staying superficial and not related to the present at all.
The will should be linked to one's own conditions and match their maximum capacity.
A man with a strong will won't be afraid of toughness.
Our company frequently contect with the import and export.
So I organize foreign langue training for some of our staff in order to improve the foreign language.
on 5th of each month.
We are getting ready for Spring Festival.
My mother is cleaning the house and putting things away.
Currently , government agencies in some big cities have been studying the possibility of putting a pollution tax on private cars , Which has sparked heated discussion.
, In other words , this phenomenon has aroused the public's attention .
As to this policy , there are two voices : some people state that it is necessary and crucial for the government to control the number of private cars and reduce the pollution in the city , But others think otherwise .
To begin with , With the development of society and improvement of people's life standard , more and more people afford to buy their private cars .
Undoubtedly , people gain convenience from it , But there is one thing we should bear in mind that this phenomenon has inevitably worsened the state of air pollution and even result in bad quality air , acid rain , and even global warming.
So it's time for the government to apply this policy to practice to control the behaviour and private car owners should pay for the harm they do to the environment .
In addition , with this measure , government will hopefully limit the number of private cars .
All in all , the pollution tax will be important and crucial in the long run .
Nowadays the TV talent show has been presented in many TV station and have attracted many young people.
And many young people gives up their study to these show, for the sake of becoming famous.
The social phenomenon reflect the vanity of most people.
It also reflect that people are anxious to achieve quick success and get instant benefits.
It is not good for young people to attend the talent show, because it can make them think that attending the PK shows is a shortcut to the success, so they may look down the way of achieving success by hard work.
Tesla is very creative.
In America, Tesla can compare to any other inventor in history or popular culture.
The alternator, radio communications, radar, vacuum tubes, TV what he invented are closely related to our life.
Radio Engineering, Fluid engineering, geophysical, Vacuum technology, Cryogenic engineering, Mechanical and electrical engineering.
Tesla have 700 patents in all countries, including unapproved and approved patents.
Tesla's most valuable achievement is the discovery of the rotating field theory .
He invented the poly-phase order AC power transmission and AC induction motor.
His most famous invention is Tesla coil which can get a million volts of high frequency voltage.
It is convenient for our life.
Although his finding violated Edison's DC theory at that time, he still insisted on his own theory.
Additionally, Teals is the originator of wireless remote control and he was the first person who described the principle of radar.
I like to listening music too.
Why we like listen to the music so much.
When I listening to the music, I feel as if I'm going into another colorful world while listen the music .
So I think listen to the music can make we feel relaxing.
It's good for our healthy.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman who has paid a false 100-yuan.
In fact, if we are honest to others, they will be honest to us in return.
In turn, they will lie to us.
Also, if you are dishonest, it is impossible for you to gain other people's trust.
Nobody will want to be friend or do business with you.
On the other hand, people will trust you and think highly of you.
If you are honest, people will be willing to get alone with you and they will show more respect to you.
As the popular saying goes, The early bird catches the worm.
English book has influenced me most, because I learned many English words and English grammars from it.
And I can sing English songs through learning English.
I like singing very much.
So, I am very thankful to have this opportunity to learn English.
After learning English, I knew different culture about different countries, that is a wonderful thing to know about cultures about different countries.
I am very happy to learn English, because I like communicating with people from different countries, learning English help me to understand others better, and I can talk to foreigners.
After graduating, I just want to continue learning English.
As an old Chinese saying goes All alone in the foreign land, I'm twice as homesick on this day .
Lixia is my friend.
Last year, she went to London with her family.
They went there by plane.
In London, the weather was wet.
It was terrible.
They visited many museums, then they had something special food.
But they think the food tested really bad.
This year.
Lixia went to Beijing.
She took the train to go there with her friends.
The weather in Beijing it was very cold.
She went to Great Wall, Gugong, Tian'anmen Square.
And many old places.
They tasted the Chinese food, such as Beijing duck, Bintanghulu.
She said the food was delicious.
Because we are both post-90s generations.
For myself, having a bigger wedding, represents that my husband likes me very much.
I enjoy this kind of feeling.
Besides, the bigger wedding makes me proud.
i'm zhang peng.
it's months since we met each other.
i can't help missing you.
firstly, the spring festival is a chinese tradition, which is full of love , pleasurea.
Finally, there are a large number of different matters happened around our body.
People realized that the shortage of water resources are some serious problems.
The shortage of water resources has become a global one of the focus issues.
From the minor side, the shortage of water resources in the area will give local people bring a lot of inconvenience.
From the major side, water is the source of life, in our daily we can't live without water.
Nowadays, there are many causes the reason of water resources shortage.
Firstly, the rapid growth of population has become one of the main reasons for the shortage of water resources.
Remember The mind- can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.
Parents role models.
Parents are children's first teachers, is an example to children imitate the first.
 Parents, there is a purpose for education pr activation of parents and children education.
 parents for children to create a sound environment for healthy growth and study knowledge.
Here said the environment includes the physical environment and psychological environment.
Can satisfy the child to learn the necessary material conditions of life and suitable place, can be said to be a good physical environment.
Think of my word written in a very neat, and then saw someone else's words and intensely envious of, then I decided to buy several of the copybook back exercises After a few months of hard training, I was finally able to write a beautiful hand-word .
The miracle is to make a friend who will stand by you when millions are against you.
I can imagine how many difficultsies and obstacles you've conquered.
You've been very patient with me.
You charge nothing from me and give me everything you can afford.
. your hands hold me firmly and leads me forward.
I'm glad to hear from you.
I can live independently and I have a good knowledge of English so that I can show the primary students the best way to learn English.
For another thing, credit cards can effectively help them to pay the fee by transferring accounts among different area .
Rich or poor, young or old, we do need attachment.
When she saw her, she came to greet her mom happily.
Although the girl is too young to understand the pressure, it shows a daughter's love and caring.
Life is fragile, unstable and unpredictable.
But love can present happiness to us which is a candle lighting in the dark.
As if someone are feeling down or lonely, there is nothing better than to hug them and smile.
Edison is a well-known inventor.
He is an American.
He mainly invented electric light, telegram, film camera .
Edison's educational level is very low, he only go to primary school for important reason was that Edison is very creative.
Invent shows that the thing is not existence at first but find shows that the thing is existence at first.
Edison created many things that was not existence at first.
He created those things and he created their function, their shape and their big or small.
But it is not enough if we are only creative .
We also need to work hard.
Edison said, Geninus is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Accordingly, a genus is often merely a talented person who has done all of his or her homework.
Edison is creative also show in the part he invented the electric light, when he invented it, he could'nt find a good material to made it.
He tried almost one thausand six hundred materials, but none of them were suitable.
I knew you want to came China to teach english.
Now, the Qianjin middle school require a teacher to teach english.
Then, you need to teach one session for english.
You should teach 2 class the spoken english and teach 10 class for a week.
You is responsible for the english that the outside of class activity for every week.
You can receive 4000 yuan for every month .
Nowadays, one of the universal issues that draw growing concern is whether it is wise of people to save money.
As we know, most of the students are careful with their money.
There are many advantages of being careful with money.
However some people think that all this may not make us smart consumers.
First, saving money can make us to be a thrifty person.
It is a traditional practice to save money in our society.
On the other hand, the money which you saved can be used to travelling, eating or do something meaningful.
Such like help the orphans, beggars and poor people.
When you want to buy something that you like it very much.
You can try to save money over a period of time.
Finally, when you get it by your efforts.
Secondly, it becomes harder to earn money than before.
Our money comes from our parents.
Parents work so hard to earn money every day.
They can do anything for us.
They just want us to have a good future.
So we should not waste their money.
It's like to waste parents'hard work.
In brief it is true that being too careful with money may have some disadvantages.
But we are students now.
We only spend money but not to earn.
So, it's necessary for us to save money.
According to the information, we can find the successful people or rich people are also very frugal.
hi everybody, my name is C.
I have been learning English for six years.
Last year i think learning English is so easy.
So.
in Junior high school i was like English very much.
Because i thingk English is important of world.
Not only i think English is don't diffcult but also i am not good at it.
In High school i am not work hard in English.
So i hope in the university i will be good at English.
So i will work hard in it.
and i think i can do it.
I love my mother very much .
Many students wrongly assume that a university will ensure them better jobs.
From primary school, we have be told that if you want a good job, you must study hard so that be adimtted a good university.
Jackie Chan, international Kung Fu movie star.
When he was six, he went to Academy of Traditional Chinese Opera where he taked in opera.
After he entered the film industry with background of martial.
In the film industry, he continually creates breakthough and myth.
In the first place, because almost all of the college students have no working experience, so they had a Poor payment.
They have to live in bad conditions, two or more people live together in a narrow space, in the small space they sleeping eating and have fun each other, it's really poor.
Generally speaking, college students find a good job is not easy, so everyone should pay attention to the accumulation of knowledge, and learn some working skills.
If everyone do it, he remove from victory just one-step.
If you ask me who I love best in the world, I will answer you pridely: ''It's my mother.
My mother is a characterless people in the world, but she is the most beautiful people in my heart .
It's my mother who gave me life, and taught me how to learn and be a ture man.
She takes good care of me in the daily life.
In her heart , she takes giving what she has to me for granted.
All she want is I can have a better future.
In the past , I always get bored and can't understand she, when I was growing up, I came to understand her love.
Now I feel sorry for what I have done.
I want to say: ''mother , I'm sorry , I love you .
For many people are there dream to go to college and it is my dream too.
Now I have been into college for a month.
First when I study in high school I have many kinds of lessons for example like math, Chinese, English.
. and so on.
Now I have little kinds of lessons it's so difficult.
Then in high school my teacher, who always taught me to study hard.
Without knowing it the college life has been in the past one month.
we are pleased to inform you that goods in our NO.29 sales confiemation were shipped by Pearl Freighter .
The appointment will be dealed with cost and freight .
Most of us misunderstand AIDS, they think AIDS means dangerious and death .
According to the veodio , the paitent from Africa account a lot , it means not only do they tolerate hunger but also dissease , they need more help especially love and care.
These Photographys without sounds as like declarling they are dying and they are living far away from happiness .
As we all know, love is the most important power in our life.
It can warm people's heart and make people do better.
Every morning, when I get up, my parents are preparing for my breakfast.
At night, I usually go over my lessons very late, but my parents never go to bed before I finishing my homework, because they don't want me to feel lonely.
I feel very warm.
A growing number of universities are open to society and tourists .
This practice offers tourists to breath university's atmosphere.
Although be open to society and tourists to universities enjoys distinct advantages that is supported partially by the public.
In their opinions, university is a public occasion and the whole society would reinforce attention to education.
However, there is opposition think university is a place where to receive education.
From my point of view, be open to society and tourists to universities will cause a good deal of problems.
Such as students' bikes or other things are stolen.
It is well-known that the cinema is a popular pastime.
The audience enjoys the wonderful plot and the exquisite performance of actors from the film.
But with the increasing application and improvement of technology, more special effects distract the people's attention .
As a result, the film's touching and inspiring appeal is losing.
A film which can attract and inspire the people has two key factors.
One is the story itself and the plot, the other is the performance of actors.
A good play has the character which penetrates audience's soul and affects them.
So the plot is the most important to a film.
Film maker should put more emphasis on the play with absorbing plot rather than special technology.
Nevertheless, limited the use of technology does not mean it is prohibited thorough.
From the foregoing, a good film which attracts people depends on the plot and the performance of actors mainly, not the special effects.
After a while .
when i come to my room.
It says 'Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
We in the university life in almost all rely on their own efforts, because we grew up, so the university teacher doesn't like the former teacher restrict our freedom, there are a lot of things to learn, therefore, we often go to the library is the place.
The class is very tired but I like to play basketbal.
Nowadays, science and technology develop very quickly.
There is no doubt that they give us many benefits.
And life is becoming more and more convenient.
But as time goes by, the disadvantages of it came up.
For example, computers make it easy to solve problems.
We should polite for others, helpful and try to be anyone frindly with other.
During the past 2 years, I have learned how to communicate in English, how to understand the unique culture of a certain country, and even how to put the knowledge into practice and then turn it into a money-making method.
I know you need help that you break up with mary.
I also know you are very sad.
What happend so that not until you break up with him did you are very sad.
It is very suiprising .
Traditional reading can make us feel real.
place.
We can read any book only use a mobile phone or a computer.
In my opinion, traditional reading and online reading both the good way to resding.
L is an outgoing girl who likes traveling around the world, and she wants to visit London and Beijing first.
Last year, she went to London by plane.
She found everything was interesting to her, but she did not like the bad weather in London because it was dump very much.
She visited a lot of museums and got a lot of knowledge, and she ate different food that was not delicious to her.
This year, she went to Bei Jing by train.
She was very excited to everything except the cold weather thereShe went to the Great wall, the Forbidden city and the Tiananmen square where the scenery was very beautiful.
She took some photos and showed them to me last week.
She liked the food in Beijing because it was very delicious.
I am a south china tiger, the king of the forest and nature.
I am strong, all the animals are feared me.
And I am also a handsome man in the animals' world.
My fur is ogange and black, and I'm 2 metres long.
My food is pig , deer, and sheep.
I am very good at swimming, but I have no idea in climbing tree.
The place we live is the south-westChina with forests.
Maybe we looked strong, but we are losing a large number because human are killing us for our bone and fur.
They are worth a largr amount of gold.
In my opion: if you guys keeping hunting us, you won't see us anymore in two or three years.
I find that there are a lot of troubles wait for us to confront.
Such as, Many roommates smoke in the dormitory.
People all attach great importance to the recognition of true friendship in their dormitories.
As far as I am concerned, There are several ways that can create a more harmonious dormitory life.
We should drive our efforts to improve our levels.
First, We should analyse how to get rid of our habits.
When an annoying situation arises, We should try our best to stop it.
In a word, A harmonious dormitory life is crucial to college students and benefits all the members.
Some of my classmates think that it is necessary for high school students to get online frequently.
First, we can get knowledge and open our social view.
We can learn more about world by finding information online.
Second, we can communicate and chat with our friends.
We can share our happiness and sadness with them.
However, other students think that we should not get online frequently.
The reason is: The radiation from the computer does harm to our eyes.
Although we can relax and chat with our friends, but it is easy for some students to lose themselves in it.
But in my opinion, I think we should use the internet appropriately.
And we should not depend on the internet too much.
Coco is not only my classmate but also one of my close friends.
She is taller than any other girl in my class and she has short hair.
She wears glasses as most students in my class.
In my impression, Coco is a silent and a calm girl.
As she does everything clearly.
Actually, she is much stronger than me, for she loves taewondo and does well in it.
Also she enjoys reading.
Well, this is my classmate.
With the popularity of the Internet, there seems to be a trend that the traditional reading is being replaced by online reading among people, especially among students.
I tink traditional reading can make us quite.
Traditional reading is better than the Internet to protect the eyes too.
But I prefer reading to the Internet than the traditional reading.
Because online reading it's more quickly and interested.
The most important is that I can communicate with others immediately.
reading can make me happy and teach me knowledge.
reading It's a necessary thing in our life.
The human being always believe that they are the most highest animal in the natural, occupied the top in the food chain.
So, they hurt other animals in order to serve their own interests.
Nowadays, many kinds of animals on the brink of extinction.
There are many reasons, such as the natural environment has been changed.
Nonetheless, in my opinion, the most principal reason is that human were greed and selfishness.
No business, no killing.
People may think that the shark is invulnerable killing machine, that shark populations range is vast, inexhaustible number of But the opposite is true, sharks are a natural fragile creatures.
Several years ago, a large number of people revealed that the shark fin is the nutritious food, in that , the business man need to improve the yield of the shark fin.
Nonetheless not many people know the production method of the shark fin.
After they catch the shark, cuts the fin living, this is no doubt that how painful the shark was.
However, more painfully were in behind.
In that they are no fins, after they were returned to the sea, they only sank beneath the sea, can't move anymore until they are eaten by other fishes.
That cruel people, not only injure the sharks, but also destroy the food chain.
As while, they also damage the environment.
There are many more example, so, an increasingly number of people realized that we should protect our environment.
Many starts take the public service ads in order to protect wild animals.
As far as I am concerned, all of us should protect wild animals, especially those on the brink of extinction, refusing to wildlife products and eating wild animals.
If there is no need, the business man wouldn't hurt the animals.
It lives in the jungle.
It looks like a dog.
Then Churchill further elaborated, this is no class war but a war in which the whole British Empire and Commonwealth of Nations is engaged, without distinction of race, creed, or party .
. .
My most favourite European country is Switzerland.
Switerland is a developed country which is situated in the center of the Europe, covering an area of 4,100,000 square kilometres and has a population of 75,000,000.
The capital city is Berne.
It also has a famous city called Geneva.
The country is also famous for its beautiful scenery.
It's known as  world's garden  .
There are many people who I love.
Neverthless especially in one person who I call a mother.
My mother is a respectable woman .
her templar is tender .
she makes my home clean and beautiful .
As I was a child .my mother took care of me patiently .
she is always patient to teach me anything.
Recently a survey has been done about the question ways of obtaining information .
As far as I'm concerned newspaper is a good way of obtaining information.
First news report is more further than TV reports , it is promising for us to understand.
On the other hand , the newspaper we can read again and again, don't worry miss anyone , but the TV can't do this point .
The situation was extremely severe.
I saw the accident happening with a big bang.
A lorry near the bus hit the car which came from the right hand.
As a result, one side of the car was all smashed in.
Fortunately, there was no one killed.
The cause of the accident was that the traffic signals did not work that day.
On the one hand, the lorry driver did not see the car because of the bus, which was too big to block his view.
When he saw the car, it is no time for him to avoid the clash.
I will have my own family.
When I become a twenty-six yearsold.
I will have a work for my family.
I enjoying my work, and I will do good work.
After work, I like reading some book.
feel relaxing and quiet.
Another, I am also like play ping-pong.
As for university life, there are different views depending on individual opinions.
In my opinion, there is no absolute conflicts between being independant and living with others.
it is known to us all that only when we learn to be independant can we lead a new life, but at the same time, we also need an art to get along well with others and creat a harmonious surrounding to improve ourself comprehenively.
I think this festival is really fun.
From the day we are born, other people touch our lives in almost everything we do.
If you leave litter, you would spoil the natural beauty of the area.
I think tolerant other people is tolerant ourselves.
We might break relations with our close or distant relatives or break ties with our close friends.
And think attending their classes on time is not important.
Still, there are some students who slip out of the classroom before the class is over.
Firstly, it is very important for university students to attend their classes.
Second, attending their classes will ensure them to catch up with the teachers in their learning.
That is very helpful to them if they want to do a good job in their study.
And they can learn more knowledge.
So that the students can study in very good condition and improve the efficiency.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, studying English can help me have a good learning of other countries in the world.
Secondiy, we can communicate with friends who come from other countries after we have learnt English which is a language used by many other countries.
Thirdly, learning a good foreign language like English can improve our confidence .
In a recent, incidents of school violence frequently occurring, lots of students and teacher are killed .
Sometimes not only the outsider break the campus safety , also students themselves destroy their own school safety .
I'm L, the monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven, C Middle School.
I have heard of your coming as an exchange student recently.
Tianjin is a city that you can enjoy yourself because we have a lot of places worth visiting.
For instance, Tianjin has a legendary history in these decades so that we have a great number of historical sites.
Class 1, Which you are going to study with, is hoping for your visiting.
We're enthusiastic to our guests so we have arranged a great deal of things such as trying some traditional activities, reading chinese poems , enjoying Peaking opera, etc.
  Once More To the Lake  is E.
White's masterpiece in which a father struggles himself between memories and the reality.
The prose develops in a story centre on a little boy and his father.
He was so excited when the father took along his son to revisit old haunts.
Through White's detailed portray about the father's memories on their journey over to the lake, it is not hard to see that the lake had left the father much enjoyment.
The scene about the dragonfly impresses me most.
It says  It was the arrival of this fly that convinced me beyond any doubt that everything was it always had been, that the years were a mirage and there had been no years  .
Combining with the former part about the first morning the father and the son spent in the camp and the later section covering their wandering around the lake.
All his best memories come back to him.
The tarred road, the coves and streams, the hills, the boat, freshwater leavings, debris, the store and many other things.
At the very beginning, I thought as the essay describes, the years were a mirage because the father always sustained the illusion that he and his son had become one flesh, he even could not pick out who was who in a trance.
However, with further thinking, I have learnt a litter bit more about the prose.
The father didn't feel that the lake had changed any, but everything around it did.
Though a lot of things and feelings hadn't changed, the essay also made some description of new things, the missing of the middle track, the noisy sound and so on  .
They shaped sharp contrast.
But nevertheless the father is very attached to those memories and the use of the word  same  in the description of the lake only proves it.
The depiction of new experiences shows that the father is not able to accept new changes and adopt them.
From this, I have observed the idea of the father's dual personality, as the reality which he had to perceive was quite different from his inner world and from his expectations and hopes.
Especially in the last paragraph suddenly my groin felt the chill of death  .
It brings out the theme.
The father had thought the time interval was a feint but actually he just found that the real feint is the still time.
Everything is almost there but behind it is the fleeting nature of life.
White's brushstroke about the lake moves from the past to present and makes the time blurry.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Therefore in my opinion, I agree with the people who try his best to make money, but it must be in a legal way.
In the few years, there is a fashion that many students study hard to get various credentials.
Many students regard this phenomenon as a good means to enable them to get more abilities.
For one thing, we can solve many problems by ourselves.
For example, with CET4or6 certificate, we can travel abroad freely and buy or mend computers on our own without being cheated.
For another, it is helpful to employ in today's employment situation.
However, every coin has both two sides.
Some insist that it is sometimes too utilitarian to get many kinds of credentials.
Many students study only for certificates which are necessary for jobs, and then after being employed, they never look back on them anymore.
As far as I'm concerned, it is best to learn the skills necessary in jobs.
Firstly, we can have more time and energy to concentrate on the main skills so that we will learn better.
Secondly, less tasks enable us to study deeply.
Of course, if you are interested in extra abilities, you can learn them in your spare time.
This idea lead to many people hold the belief that given profound knowledge that it is enough.
Firstly, nowadays our earth is destroyed.
In my opnion: I personally think should have the choice to go to school, so I realized that I want, want to improve their own baking, so that only the development of better efficiency.
When I celebrated my birthday, my friends send me birthday present.
Because this present is my best friend send me.
It is a colorful box.
When you open it, it will ring out music.
When I see it, I will think of my friend.
So it is important for me.
And it can make me happy.
I really like it, so I collect it.
I'm exactly glad to communicate with you in this way .
We all think you are a very good teacher .
We are good friends .
As time rolled by we separated .
Participated in a small time chess game, that was my experience that a particular failure.
I was elected to represent all classes in the class participate in the competition.
With the trust of the class, I sat in draw at, did not think that I ran into the next class of professional experts.
Three minutes less than I think I lost a set, and unable to regain.
In desperation chose to surrender.
That was my most helpless time.
My hometown is Inner Mongolia.
I'am interested in here each place.
Inner Mongolia's grassland is very beautiful.
There has a grassland that you can't see the end of, blue sky which puts out a hand to be possible to touch it, but also has the cattle and sheep which anywhere runs all over the grassland.
Fortunately you may see lots of men who are goatherd.
I thought the grassland is an interesting place, because the broad prairie may let the heart which is agitated in the city calms down.
This is the most interesting place in my hometown.
Last Friday, everyone was going to the classroom before the sports meeting.
  In the direction of her fingers, a girl was lying on the ground.
Some students ran towards her, and others contacted teachers quickly.
With the doctor  s help, she was out of danger.
Afterwards , we did an interview with her students.
  Their teachers said :  We are all very proud of our studengts.
They are ready to help others at a critical moment.
Everyone ought to learn from them.
I hope that more and more people can promote the good quality of the people who are ready to help others.
Everyone has a destination which he wants to go most.
And so do I.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Swiss.
Swiss is situated in the middle of Europe.
It covers an area of 4.1 kilometers square and has a population of 7.5 million.
It also has some famous industries, such as watch, chemistry and food.
I'm really attracted by Swiss, a developed country in Europe.
Now, more and more school introduced students to the teacher scoring system, the phenomenon of students to grade teachers are becoming more and more common.
Mutual, namely evaluation has spread to each other, mutual between both teachers and students to see, or between students and students.
To this, people also have different attitudes.
Some people are support, they think by students to grade teachers, can be reflected from the other hand the teacher's teaching level, encourage teachers to teach better.
From my point of view, I support the students to grade teacher this way.
As is depicted in the picture above, more and more college students take part-time jobs from 1994 to 2010.
There are many reasons lead to the phenomenon.
The first, many college students are poor.
Maybe they should pay for tuition fee or miscellaneous expense.
Second, many college students are very free .
They need to do something.
Meanwhile, they could also make money.
Third, many college students think it could learn work experience.
In my opinion, we could take properly part-time jobs.
You should do it after study.
There are some probloems in every campus.
Recently, I find some students can not lenarn carefully.
wo are come in the campus , but wo should work hard.
Whenever we should learn work hard, we should learn more knowledge.
Accord the phenomenon.
I think our campus should check the student's class.
Students should like learn the knowlege.
Students should put comput games awary.
With the improvement of living standards, people pay more attention to the health problem.
In modern life, people lack of physical exercise.
They keep sitting no matter going out or working, didn't notice the problem until they found that they are obese.
The problem is far more than this, young go to bed late into the night, and they get up late in return, maybe they must go to work or school so they get up in a hurry with out breakfast.
They also receive stimuli by drinking or smoking.
So, it's very important to learn how to keep a healthy lifestyle.
It's necessary for us to take a bicycle or on foot replace of modern transport.
And keep early hours, have a morning jogging.
Far away from alcohol, cigarette, even drug.
Geting more and more pressure in modern life, we must keep a healthy lifestyle.
Only in this way, we can keep physical health while maintaining mental health.
They do not know how long it will take to have electricity.
They could not see anything.
In modern society, people are willing to choose a brand-name products.
To establish the brand is very important for enterprises.
 Advertising is very important.
It is important to protect our environment, but it is difficult to do it.
Today, the Earth is facing many pollutions, such as air pollution, water pollution, vioce pollution, and etc.
Everyone can do something for our environment.
As a student, we should build the sense of frugality in our daily life in the school.
Ialways turn off the lights in the dassroom when we leave.
Both sides of the paper can be used if it is possible.
After school, i bearconsciousness of environment protecetion in mind.
In order to protect the forest I often refuse to use the paper cups and disposable chopsticks consciously.
When you look at the sky, you can discover that it is no longer blue, itis grey.
this means the air is aleadlu polluted.
Because rhe factory emits roo much dirty air.
I believe a lot of peaple like swimming When you go to the beach, you can see that the sea the dirtier than before.
If we continue to pollute the water, more animals will die, and that will effect our human's food vhain.
We call this voice pollution.
Voice pollution is always bothering us.
We can protect our envirment in other ways too.
For example, we shouldn't throw trash anywhere, instead, we could recycle it.
With the rapid development of world enconmy.many people come to realize that we have got the development at the cost of our envirment.
If we human beings are clever enough, we should take measures to protect our environment right now.
If we didn't, the earth would come to an end.
We should pass laws to fobid cutting down trees.
Those who pollute rivers and seas should be punished.
Widl animals should be well protected.
As is known to all, if we act soon enough, we can still have a bright future.
If we don't, one thing is certain.
Some of them hold the view that getting online is good for us in many ways.
For example, we are allowed to access more knowledge and broaden ours horizons, we can also communicate and share something meaningful with friends.
But others are against the idea.
It may make us abandone ourselves to chatting online and computer games so that we lose interest in studying.
As a result, our grades won't be improved.
They all have a point.
But as we all know, every coin has two sides.
So in my opinion, on the one hand, there are much useful information we need on the Internet, and we can have fun in our free time online.
But on the other hand, we are supposed to spend the time online resonably.
To: Mr.
Dear Mr.
I'm a student from Department of Computer Science.
We are preparing an English speech contest.
I think it's a good chance for us to inviting you to attend our contest.
If you can come to the composition, it'll be more exciting.
The contest'll start on April 29th.
It will take place at the school hall at 9:00 in the morning.
We hope you can come on time.
It must be an extremely interesting and exciting contest.
I hope every student can enjoy themselves.
At the end of the match, We are ready to listening to your speech about improving English ability.
We also make a plan which'll enable the contest more fierce.
It must be an honor for a student to get the champion from you.
Just as an American journalist said: that sort of defeats are only stepping-stones.
Each of us wants to feel he of she has the ability to do something that is meaningful and that serves a tribute to our inherent abilities.
I think he should be nervous and shy as it was that he first lesson with us.
But with the study life he should be strict and unsmiling.
He like to give students a lot of tests and rich in knowledge.
He will get on well with students and make friends with them, they will always talk about together.
He cares about the students, and kind and patient.
He is very popular.
When you answer incorrectly that you don't feel stupid.
He should teach the knowledge clear that even I can understand it.
Thanks for introduce your school life.
After look at your e-mail I think you are happiness.
I always get up at a quarter to 6 o'clock and my breakfast usually be eaten at school.
The first thing after come to school is hand in our homework.
Our first lesson starts at half past 7 o'clock.
I don't like Chinese and Politics.
After school I do my homework, sometimes my homework is not too much and I will finish it at soon.
Because Japanese bought our Diaoyu island, so many citizens become so angry that destroy the cars which had been bought by the people of our own.
They thought the cars were produced by Japanese.
What we need to know is that most so-called Japanese-made are produced in China.
also destroyed the stores which rented by Japanese.
We know the topic about Diaoyu island is extremely hot.
solve the issue well.
We needn't to fight with Japanese over the Diaoyu island which hasn't been developed at present.
Now, some of Japan's biggest firms have suspended operations at some factories in China.
We should love our country by a rational way.
Dear Mis.
Because you are not only English special-class teacher, also published many articles in English.
It is a good habit for me to get up early and start the day's work .
Firstly, going to the bed early ensures me a good sleep, for it adapts to my biology clock.
Secondly, getting up early means that I have enough time to prepare my breakfast .
If I get up late , of course it is impossible for me to prepare my breakfast carefully.
However, breakfast is the most important meal in a day.
As a result, it is necessary for me to get up early.
First, it is universally acknowledged that, teachers are useful to our study.
Teachers can interpret exactly for our questions.
Second, in my opinion, working together as a class is useful.
When we have questions, we can ask for pupils.
We can also help others.
Third, it's a bad for us t o use computers for a long time.
My telephone number is eight seven six-nine two one three.
These modern universities should offer the good education of basic subjects to students on the basis of the middle school.
Teathers should guide the college students to set up the goal of life and ask them to get it step by step.
The college as a training base for the students to prepare to struggle and survive in the society is not only a school that teach the knowledge in the testbooks like middle schools.
Everybody wants to an interesting weekends, so I make a plans for me.
On the Saturday morning, i'm going to get up late until eleven o'clock.
In the afternoon, i'm going to see my frends.
On the Sunday morning, i'm going to do my homework.
In the afternoon, i'm going to have my English lesson because it's my favourite lesson.
Their parents and grandparents do too much for them.
It's not good for their children.
In fact, Chinese students are shouldering more responsibilities than their older generations, especially in big cities.
Children need time to play and make more friends.
But they don't know the importance of communication between parents and children.
However, it makes plenty of children become very lazy, the consequence is they don't want to find a job after graduation.
They still depend on families when they are grown.
It's a social problem .
We have to learn to be independent and find a job to earn money, then we can consume by our own money.
Sports keep us healthy.
After all, health first.
Chinese parents are overdoing in children's study.
Such deeds deprive their opportunities to make friends and have fun.
Some people think we should develop tourism.
Why not grant demand if you do that, I will be thankful for you.
Nowadays many students pay few attention to spelling.
The reason for ignoring the importance of spelling is that students do not attach importance to spelling.
What they need is to do exercises the more the better.
They pursues accuracy rate in exams and high marks.
So the words spelling is inevitably ignored.
Another reason is that teachers think the spelling is easy.
And they estimate the student must know that.
In fact, students sometimes do not know that.
Stidents and teachers do not communicate well.
Another reason for that is students do not do well in early ages.
Maybe they are careless in studying.
When they are growing up they cannot change.
Since the spelling is so important how to change this situation remains a question.
As far as I considered, students are the main factor.
Student should pay more attention to spelling in doing normal exercises.
A dictionary is essential.
Students should look up words in dictionary when they meet words they do not know.
Teachers also should pay more attention in spelling.
If students and teachers insist on doing things above, spelling will never be a problem.
Evidently, self-confidence is the key to success.
Everyone who travels in life all seeks the privotal element of achievement to accomplish their goals.
'On the other hand, we have known the biggest enemy is ourselves since we were educated.
However, how to build up self-confidence is the mission for us in the period of growth.
First of all, paying attention to our own advantage and accomplishment which requires us to record them in our mind deeply.
Furthermore, when we meet some challenge, it can easily draw our minds back to the previous experiences and increase confidence.
Secondly, we should not neglect the advantages to which communicating with confident people will contribute.
To be specific, interacting with these people always benefits our personal characteristics and promotes us to be confident as we all know that moral influence by contact one takes the colour of one's company.
Thirdly, there is evidence that self-suggestion can model the confident image for us which makes us believe we are great enough to meet various challenges in life and work.
Besides, a more effective way to foster self-confidence, is to smile.
Since smiling to others exhibits the personal charisma and enhances the feeling of happiness to improve self-confidence.
Also, not only can the sufficient preparation increase confidence, but also can the proper target do it.
The sufficient preparation makes people calm in important situation which gives others a good impression and gets the venerable reputation.
And even though the goal is essential, it is still unwise if the goal exceeds the reality.
Finally, cultivating self-confidence demands that we need to expand our advantages and shorten our drawbacks.
Once I had an argument with my desk-mate about a history problem.
To solve the problem, we asked to teacher , by looking up a large amount of information.
We finally got the conclusion that I'm wrong.
nowadays lnternet to thousands of, more and more people study useing lnterent , people is relationship not because the distance and distance so the lnterent .
first of all, lnterent help know more thing .
letpeople see open.
Itis people .make people notlonely .
life easy .
The picture shows us a teacher is teaching multiplication to her students.
This picture vivid showed us some hot spot things.
Nowadays some students do not focus on the basic skills and the think basic skill is not practical things.
They just want to learn the things which they can get good price immediately.
I think, every student cannot to deny the importance of basic skills.
All of us should admit the importance.
We can't just urgent want to learn something useful and get price immediately.
Study is a long progress that we need to learn many things step by step.
If you want to do better and learn useful skills better, please learn basic skill first.
Franklin Roosevelt once said, Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product.
We would be happy when we win a lottery but it comes fast and leave fast.
With the development of economy, more and more greenhouse gases are being discharged into the air, which is considered to be one of the greatest causes of global warming.
It has harmful effects causing the sea level to rise and lead to some natural disasters.
So we must take some effective measures to save our plant, do some little things to protect our earth.
Let us start from the individual level, we can begin by minimising the amount of carbon dioxide by taking public transport instead of driving and using energy-efficient electrical appliances.
On the other hand, more trees can be planted too.
Education to protect the environment should be planned.
What is more, we can also do something else of global warming in the daily life.
First of all, we can find an interesting thing that the higher degree owner will get lower unemployment rate and more median weekly earning.
Then, if you continue to look at the article, another interesting thing you will find is the associate degree owner's data is staring below the average of the chart about education pays, of course, if you just get some college no degree or the high school diploma, even less than the high school diploma, that's meaning is you only have very little income, and high unemployment.
Many people think reading is very important.
However, some people said that the best way of study is to practice by ourselves.
To begin with, reading can let us knowledge.
we can know many useful, funny things by rending books.
Then, rending can let us be good at thinking, we will become smart.
We will be good at solving the trouble that we didn't meet before when we are practicing.
Let's read more books, that's nice for us.
Reading is the teacher of practice.
More and more students take part in activities.
As far as me, I often play sports after school, such as jogging, table tennis and volleyball.
The more I practice, the healthier I will become.
In addition, seeing English films is a nice choice as well.
It can not only improve our spoken English and listening but also relax ourselves.
When we are tired, seeing English films is interesting because it will bring us happiness.
Among all of the activities, I think it's best to join in the social useful activities.
For example, we can pick up the rubbish on the street at weekends.
The more we do, the more beautiful our society will be.
From my point of view, I would like suggest that everyone should pay attention to the after-school activities.
As for us, we can get more knowledge and open our minds.
As well as that, close friendship will be built during the activities.
I am 14 years old now.
In the 14 years, I received many gifts.
But I received the best friend is a book named if gave me three days to light.
I were pleased to receieve this gift.
Then it tells us to cherish life to learn to persevere.
Because of it, l learned more.
This book taught me a lot.
It made me learn to persevere.
Many people argue that in order to improve educational quality continuously, students are encouraged to make comments even criticism on teaches.
I don't think students can make evaluation of class teaching.
The most important reason to this is I don't think all the students are mature enough that they can't give us an objective point of view.
So sometimes students may criticism on teaches when they fell they don't like this class or they are not good at this class.
Actually there are some teachers not very good at teaching and there are some classes not suitable for the students' age.
However I firmly convinced they will progress in the process of their teaching.
And most teachers have abundant experience.
The rubbish that they throw away can pollute the environment, which will indirectly destroy the historical relics .
When I saw the tittle, the first man that comes in to my head is my father.
My father has been playing an important role on the way I grow up, especially in developing my characters and good living habbits.
It seems that mother just play an role of babysister  , what she had taught.me is less than what my father did.
Father is always stricted with the details of my life, such as: sit up stright and do things independly as well as be an honest man.
As An Elder , he teach me by personal exampleas as well as verbal instruction.
he is filial to his parents and be friendly to neighbourhoods .
Society develops rapidly and the technology is improving.
Nowadays people seek the quick-fix lifestyle.
We hate to wait.
Instead of standing in line at the bank, we withdraw twenty dollars in as many seconds from an automatic teller machine.
We usually don't cook food for ourselves; we often eat fast food or go to convenience stores to buy some frozen food, and then heat them in microwave ovens.
People buy Polaroid cameras because the pictures can come out right away.
People like the fast-paced entertainment, so they record their favorite TV show on the VCR.
People like fast relief.
I think quick-fix lifestyle let us lose many joy.
I prefer slow-fix lifestyle.
Nowadays, most of the people are working all the time, and they even regard money as all of life.
I think we should relax ourselves properly.
And we should slow down our pace to admire the beautiful scenery in our life.
In our spare time, we can cook for ourselves and eat home-made bread.
We can take exercises every morning.
We can travel and take photos to record these beautiful experiences.
We should slow down our steps.
As we all know, the book's own house of gold, jade yenown book, the words are good , the book is our men tor .
saying the book to read a hundred time, it 's meaning from the see, so the book is the best partner in our life.
I am Li Hua, chairman of the Student Union, from Chengguang High School.
And I am going to take charge of the arrangement of your jouney.
There is no doubt that you'll arrive in Tianjin on June 25th, after a relaxing night, you'll take your students to reach our school in the morning next day.
There is going to be a lecture about the lifes in school and different cultures between our countries in the morning , where we are able to understand the different behaviors as well as thoughts between each other and broaden our horizon.
After that the time may go to the noon, so we expect your students to have lunch together with our school's students.
The Lunch will have dumplings, noodles, and other Chinese traditional food which I'm convinced that you'll like them.
This is a best opportunity for you and us to have a closer term each to each other.
In the afternoon, we are going to visit the Haihe River, which is acknowledged to be one of the most beautiful scenes in Tianjin.
Firstly, some of students like playing online games or reading e-books by cellphone, they will forget the time, so they will feel sleepy in class and draw their attention from the study, and overusing the cellphone can harm to our health.
Secondly, it is so commonly seen that students addicts attend to their phones, ignoring everything around them.
So in order to let the children independent.
It is advisable that parents helping them to lesson from their experience.
No smoking in the future and all from of recreation, such a cinemas, bowing softball, concerts and others will be provided free of charge by the city.
There are three persons in my family , my mother , father and I .
My mother is a math teacher .
So he reads books after work every day .
So many love stories have been talked about times to times, such as Romeo and Juliet Castles and Downton Abbey.
Even though he become a stars he also take good care of his girl.
Well, as the spring is coming up , the whole China well usher the biggest Chinese traditional festival-----The Spring Festival.
You know, The Spring Festival means many things to Chinese.
Such as dumplings, fireworks, lucky money--and so on.
Because of going to USA, when I come back to my hometown----Binzhou, Shandong, China, it is only 3 days before The Spring Festival, and everyone is busy.
On the NewYear's Eve, our family ate dumplings together.
We ate together as chated and watched TV.
Tomorrow, we went to visit my friends and relatives, and during the days after NewYear's Eve, many friends invited me to eat some delicious food together.
And this is why I written this essay so late.
Because of the serious problems caused by people's private cars.
Now the government in Beijing have already take some measures to limite the use of private cars.
With the development of our enconomy, each family can raise one or even more cars.
That caused so many problems about environment.
You won't see the road to be crowed anymore.
And you can enjoy the freash air during the day.
When you walking along the road side, you won't be mad just because the noise made from the cars.
However every coin have two sides.
Limiting the use of private cars also has some disadvertiges.
PRivate cars can help us to go everywhere in everytime.
After limiting the cars, it maybe bring some people inconvient.
It is unconvient to bring too mush things when you go out.
And to take bus will waste you so much time in the road.
What i'm saying is, we can use our private cars in a property way.
We need to know that cars are just a kind of trsnsport.
It's not the symbol of our rich.
We can regrad the cars as luxary goods.
We need to think about the environment we are living first.
IN recent years, There has emerged an interesting phenomenon that more and more are talking about the choice between city and country.
There are some advantages about the city.
Children who are living in the city have a clear classroom for studying.
Second, It's convenient to go anywhere.
For example, if you want to go shopping you can drive your own car or take a bus.
Third, city with the rapidly developing have more job opportunities, especially for young people.
The environment of countryside is good for peoples' health, especially for the old.
Therefore, it won't take many hours to go anywhere.
Finally, There are less burden and stress.
As far as I'm concerned, both city and country have lots of advantages.
One coin has two sides.
If I have a chance to chose, I will work hard in the city when I'm young and I will live in the country when I am an old man.
Group learning, forming a loose, democratic, harmonious teaching atmosphere, we compete in collaboration, namely the individual competition for the team competition.
It can improve the student's enthusiasm for unity and cooperation.
Heip the teacher to the student management.
Aiso can the friendship between classmates.
Therefore, group learning is a kind of good study menthod.
For example, funny.
I hope in my heart .
I feel her is my sister .
As the saying goes, in our daily life, frustration in everywhere.
Frustration is our life a part.
At present, college students deal with frustration ability is more poor.
At fist, as a teacher, they need cared more about students and encourage the students, at daily life they can make good friend with students.
Second, as parents, at ordinary times, they could often communicate with children, encourage children, with children deal with children's difficult that children confronted.
Finally, marry a man who I love.
There are many factors that can be linked to success.
As for abraham lincoln, the decisive factor of success is sufficient preparations.
Success never happen accidentally.
Only by making full preparation, can you achieve your goal.
We can take Bill Gates for a site.
This brilliant man created his computer empire  MICROSOFT when he was only around twenties.
He could never have had such success if he had merely waited for an opportunity.
In fact, his preparations started when he was a child.
Bill gates mastered designing computer programs when he was a teenager.
what's more, his idea of inventing Microsoft came into being before he went to college.
As university students , aiming high is quite necessary.
However, we should focus on the reality and have enough hard-working rather than dreaming all day and waited for success coming to us.
Nowadays there are been a heated discussion on the issue of college granduates' employment problems.
According to a recent survey, the major of the student want to be civil servarer.
That is so called the craze for civil service examinations.
And to the contrany, few students get devoted to building theirselves bussniss.
The rest of the students get to apply for a job consistented with their major.
There are differ from male to female.
In a general way, female always want to find a steady job then get married.
With the rapid development of science and technology in China, an increasing number of student come to realize that it is also of practical use to stick to the saying: Rome was not built in a day.
In our class, Most students eat heathy good.
our snaks are not heathy.
As everyone knows, smoking is not a good thing.
Not only it damages smoker's health, but also ruins someone's health who is nearby a smoker.
I think someone who want to have a cigarette may have too much pressure and doesn't know how to release.
Even though smoking is the only way to relax.
Maybe it just a habit to smoke and for nothing.
China have a long history of smoking, a plenty of people are addicted to smoking and can't help themselves.
The smokers not only hurt themselves but also influence other people.
Some teenagers try to smoke because of their tender age.
Actually, it goes ill with them.
Civil service exam in China national administration authority in the selection of the civil servants employed people identify a certain way.
It usually by the examination paper, inquiry, practical operation test, psychological tests to measure and assess enter oneself for an examination the civil service knowledge, ability, professional and technical level, personality and moral situation whether accord with the requirement of state administrative organs in some position.
Then a comprehensive evaluation of the results, and on this basis to decide whether to hire.
Of course, this job is steady.
It's salary is not high, but its benefit is good.
It's vocation also has much such as the National legal holidays.
As far as I am concerned, the civil service exam heat will continue to rise.
And this phenomenon also are not necessarily a bad thing.
And this phenomenon also are not necessarily a unfavorable thing.
Nowadays, a great number of problems in our Quality-Oriented Education System is becoming more and more obvious.
Under the control of that rigid education system.
Us students are forced to adjust ourselves to it.
As time goes by, we can create nothing but do exercise.
At the matter of fact, the fundamental problem of us Quality-Oriented education system isn't occur suddenly.
Facing the current situation.
facing the serious situation.
in my opinion.
Some of them who had a positive attitude to the Interent said we can access information via it as well as broaden our minds.
What's more, the Internet makes ti possible for us to communicate woth each other whenever and wherever.
And we share our ideas and photos freely.
In others opinion , going online frequenly has many disadvantages.
The reasons are follow.
When we go online , we sit too close to the screen and it's bad for our eyesight.
Some students even be hooked on computer games and chatting.
In my view, the Internet has both positive and negative influence on us.
Imagine that when you are cooking in the kitchen, your child gives you a towel.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I also take part in some after-school activities, such as social activities, physical education, watching English moives and so on.
I will give you some suggestions about how to choose a good atfter-school activity.
First, you should choose that what is your interst.
Second, It had better be good for your study.
The negative aspects are also apparent.
I most like the study way is to understand the teacher class content, understand the knowledge associated with it.
After that, for the preview text.
They do not understand the content, ask the teacher or classmates.
This is my love of learning, because it can be more effective to let me learn.
And this is my way of learning.
Learning in a variety of ways, it differs from man.
In Beijing, I most impress is the Beijing duck fell very decilious.
Now is still very aftertaste.
In fact.
Even many foreigners know more things about Beijing that I know.
To some extant, the beijing muicipal my favourate, but there are many beautiful place in China.
Reading can get rid of mediocrity, expand our horizons, improve our level of knowledge .
improve the level of knowledge, in order to better practice.
At the same time, also has a role in promoting reading practice.
understanding, will be easier to read.
experience, Comprehend the true meaning of life and create life value.
practice, in order to better play the role of the two.
Finally, I want to say is, reading and practice is the ladder of life progress.
Everyone knows that the food goes into the body through the mouth , gullet and stomach.
And then what causes it to be digested to send nutritious food to cells .
People gets energy to do what they want to do through this way.
People found out many things about the digest by an experiment .
Dr.
William Beaumont found out by observing a wounded stomach that what gave rise to digestion , a process of the changes in food as it went through the digestive tract was juice.
And Ivan P.
Pavlov found out how the juice was created .
When food enters the mouth , a nerve impulse goes to the medulla , and nest is sent back to the stomach.
And then muscles contract and the cells secret their juice in the stomach and gastrin , a hormone which makes the stomach's juice-secreting cells pour out more juice , into the blood.
In four or five hours, it enters the intestine, which bring about a whole new set of cells secreting in the intestine as well as in the liver and the pancreas.
In recent years, where you go, many students have been late, leave early and cut school on the class in college.
Anumber of factors could account for the issue but the following are the most critical one.
Fist of all , they think the lessons unimportance.
May be they lesson that they like class.
What's more , perhapes they feel boring and they doesn't intersting.
As far as I am concerned, although the universitise appear on the stage to keep students turn out to work quotienty but effect don't clear.
I think this issue may lead to serious consequences.
For one thing Theory knowledge does not.
Luoxuejuan is a beactiful girl who come from Zhejiang.
When she was young .
She trained swim all the time.2004 in the Athens Olympics to break the record, won the 100 m champion.2003 in the word championships in Barcelona to get three gold medals.
Louxuejuan, a chinese favorite swimmer.
She is a nice girl, and she is good at swimming.
In 2005, she won the first prtze in Olympics.
Nowadays, more and more people died because of car incident, and there is a result attributed the needless slaughter on street and highways to three general causes.
First, thanks to mechanical faiures, including faulty brakes and bald tyres.
For example, some people didn't get the driving licence, but they drive, and some didn't check up the car before driving, it often cause some incidents.
Another important reason is environmental conditions, it is precisely caused by blind corners, narrow street, heavy fog and intermittent rain or snow.
According to this, we are supposed to pay more attention on environment.
At eight, I am having breakfast.
Then I am playing basketball on the playground whit my friend.
I have lunch in the restaurant.
After lunch we go home.
At home, I am cleaning my bedroom, and my mother watching Tv.
My father is playing computer games.
The life is the most beautiful.
She always eat meal not on time .
She had prepared the scarf.
There are three reasons: The first reason is that TV news news report than in more depth; The second reason is, reading newspaper is not limited by time; The third is, reading the newspaper to think, is beneficial to improve intelligence.
So, I think the newspaper is a more desirable information sources.
There are a lot of interesting places in our school, for instance classrooms, reading room and playground.
I miss the summer in my childhood.
This is the most important.
I think that reading has every big effect to us, for us to read more books has a very important role in the future life.
The picture shows a father asked his daughter how was school today, and the girl told her father could read her blog to know.
The picture let me know that more and more people use the internet to communicate each other.
People less have a heart-to-heart talk.
In my opinion, electronic communication couldn't replace face-to-face contact.
Use electronic to communication would be more convenient, no matter how, people contact use this way cannot see the facial expressions who he/she was talking with, and that would bring more misunderstanding to you.
Everybody wants to be someone famous.
Because they think that those people are better.
When I was a kid, I frequently imagined that the next day after I get up I can become the very powerful monkey-SunWukong.
So I can do whatever I want to do, get whatever I need, and punish whomever I hate.
But each time, I get up disappointed.
Because I still was myself not that monkey.
When I am old, I want to be the people who is smarter and more beautiful than me.
So I did everything following them, such as buying something they have, doing my homework when they do, reading the same book what they read.
As a college student, first I still followed somebody to do something.
But when the work was finished, I did not feel happiness.
Even though I had done everything what can make others feel happiness.
Finally, I suddenly understand that.
Becaus I just always copy others, and didn't think about what I like and what I really want in my life.
Sometimes it is better to learn something like good character, behavior and attitude from others.
But we should aways remember that no matter what we do, we should follow ourselves idea and to certain that is what we want to do.
And another is to perfect the road construction.
Here he wrote a poem called A Epigraph in Praise of My Humble Home .
This poem to express his love of life and a totally noble quality.
H though prices high, but the content is worth somewhat.
The rivers and hills of Gulin are considered to be the best under heave.
Last summer, I went to Gulin with my parents.
It took us many hours to get there by train.
Then we spent almost an hour going to Yangshuo in riding bicycle.
On the way, we saw a lot of beauityful views, and we took many pictures there.
We rode with the wind that make us feel relaxing.
We rode in the sunshine that let us feel comfotable and warm.
Fiinally, we got to destination.
We saw the clear water of the Lijiang river.
and the green plants on the muntains.
We sat on the boat, difted on the water.
Enjoying the pretty view around us.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
As we all know, taking part in English speech competition is meanful.
Students get actively involved in the competition, thus contributing to improve our abilities concerning listening and speaking.
What' more, it is of vital importance to speak fluent Engish.
I'm extremely regret not to say goodbye face to face in that my Chinese family has some trouble, I have to return home immediately.
I think you're attending the speech contest at this time, so I have no opportunity to interpret the the situation .
Iwill solve the matter as soon as possible and I will turn back one day.
Wish you can win the first at the contest and make your dream come ture.
Please wait for me to explain to you.
One of the main reasons seems to be that people want to be made their own decisions on time and income .
The Spring Festival is the most inportant festival in China.
People often begin to get ready for the celebration a week before the New Year's Eve.
They usually decorate the doors and windows with red papercuts because they think red represents good luck.
On the New Year's Eve , the whole family get together for a big meal and sit together with talking and laughing.
During the festival, people usually put up new clothes and visit relatives and friends.
  to each other.
The Spring Festival brings winter to an end and is the symbol of the new year.
It can help to save a lot of time that students can do more other things.
The computer games may take much of their time.
Today, the development of fashion, more and more university students like to pursue famous brands, and this phenomenon is more and more common.
However, people take different views on this question.
As far as I'm concerned , I think pursue famous brands on one hand university student to search for personal development, on the other hand I think pursue famous brands is kind of position performance.
But, as the saying goes  industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality her left  .
In modern times, Smart phone get great developing.
They are small with huge functions, people can use them anytime and anywhere.
For example, when we are in a new location, they can support me find the place where we want to go.
It is helpful.
However, they also take trouble to us.
From this picture we can see, The senior people of family have prepared a table of food for their children.
But their children play phone of all.
How upsets they are.
At the same time, people like to talk with the person who they don't know.
When I had finished watching the movie, I was excited and wanted to watch it again.
Cause he is a smarty pants and he never give up hope.
He once said a word.
  .
He bit the bullet.
In a few years time.
He used a small hammer to escape.
He never gives up.
My friend is Mary.
Her name is Mary Green.
She live in the USA.
Her phone number is 420-347-889.
Her QQ number is 372252002.
I am live in China.
My phone number is 13934578990.
My QQ number is 372252003.
My name is X, and my English name is Vivi.
I'm from P, T.
My family have 6 people, including grandma, father , mother , sister and brother and me.
I like playing badminton and listening to music.
Sometimes I will go to the library to read books which can improve my knowledge.
I will go shopping with my best friendin my spare time.
when I visit a beautiful place, I will take photos.
As for me , I want to be a good teacher when I was a young girl , but now I want to be a translator.
As an university student, I hope I can have a colorful life.
aAt last , Practice makes perfect  is my motto.
As long as it can stimulate students' interest in learning English, so learning English for students it is a pleasure rather than a grind.
As is known to all , some languages die out because of the death of the people who speak them.
It is absolutely that the disappearance of a language will do some damage to a certain culture related to this language.
For language is a bridge that connects different cultures.
That is to say, the disappearance of a language means the disappearance of a culture and a nationality.
Besides, It is a fact that our government are paying much attention to protect many endangered language due to the value if scientific.
we are clear that a kind of language can bring us many things when researched such as the fortune, the promotion of soft power and cultural prosperity.
To sum up, we are not qualified to evaluate a kind of language and It is reasonable in everything's existence.
In the eyes of the students, it is a great teacher, but it is always a destruction of the moon's alien.
My name is P, I am a 19 years old, I live in the beautiful city of T. I am active.
Sunny and clever boy.
In the school, my favourite subject is English.
Perhaps someone thinks it is difficult to study well.
I believe that if you try your best, everything can done well.
I also like stops very much.
Such as playing basketball.
swimming.
running.
I always believe that one will easily log behind unless he keeps on learning.
OK, this is me.
Sports is very common in our life.
In order to stay fit, we should take much exercise as we can.
Jogging really is one of these easy ways for us.
If you would like to do well in English quickly, watching more English movies may be very useful.
You can take part in community activities such as reading club as well as magic club.
I think that it depends on your favourites or interest.
Only you like this activity, you can completely do it well.
And frustration can make our stronger .
College students poor ability to cope with frustration.
such as , many college did not how to deal with frustration , when there face frustration their always at a loss as to what to do .
and then, their always feel nevous.
Their did not face frustration can make our more courageous .
As a college students we should not be afraid of difficulties, the courage to face the difficulties.
And parents should not spoiling children to much, parent should give children more space.
It is my honor to introduce my hometown to you .
It is surrounded with beautiful environment and rivers .
HeFei as the center of AnHui , it is economy is very fast and every year it still make great interesing .
And HeFei has lots of places of interest , such as the modle of island and others You konw, as a city try his best to develope articilate , his environment must be damaged.
People lives here , hasing a busy life.
Old people has used to doing exereise very morning and evening And people is very kind to help some in trouble .
Thirdly, after long terms of mind improvement, when meeting emergencies, one can quickly calm down and come up with considerable approaches.
It is quite clear that rear window culture has merits as well as demerits.
One of the important advantages is that the interesting stickers can lend delight during the boring journey.
Especially in traffic jam, drivers'anger and boring will be greatly eased by these posters.
Besides, different stickers on the rear window of the car can show the unique personality of the car owner, making the car looks differently from others.
However, if the car is decorated excessively, the drivers' eyes will be arrested easily, and the amount of accidents will rise.
To make matters worse, if the stickers cover the license plate, the car owner will be fined.
In my opinion, a picture can really tell a thousand words.
Many people are used to looking at the pictures first when buying things on the Internet because pictures are more attractive than words.
So a group of well-designed pictures are easier to catch people's attention than a deep article.
Solving the geometry problems is the same.
You can't work it out only by reading the topic.
This Winter Holiday, I join in an party, this party was my friends holding.
He invite many friends.
But there was a very big rainy.
Many people did not come.
In fact, there was only three people coming.
Because of the heavy rainy , I wonder we must sleep here in master friends.
This is master is first Pajama Party.
So we also can celebrate , but the master(one of my friends) love clean very very much.
But the other friend was a little .
sloppy.
So they can not get well.
There were a lot of things.
The main activities were telling the ghost story.
The master start to say one story''Once upon a time , there was a people , he was very sloppy.
''And we all know what happen.
They quarrel constantly.
Suddenly, the power off.
We all frightened, so we want to go to the basement to restore power .
However, the basement was very dirty.
The master did not want to go to the basement.
The other friend went the basement without saying anything to restore power.
At last, I know one thing: Never judge people by their appearance.
Nowadays, the cellphone plays a more and more imporant role in our daily life.
The teachers, the businessmen , even the school children take cellphones wherever they go.
To begin with , as a wireless cellphone, it's really convenient for the users to contact others whenever they want.
During our festival and holiday, it's so easy to convey our blessings to our relatives, sending them one message by cellphone is OK.
Second, some cellphones make it easy for users to surf the Internet, enjoy music, take photos and watch videos, moreover, with the development of modern high technology, the cellphone's functions are becoming more and more complete.
For example, we can use cellphones to download e-books, and then we don't have to go to the bookstore to buy or read the books in paper, besides with cellphones, we can take the books wherever we go in our pochets.
However, the cellphone has many disadvantages.
For one thing, the machine itself is expensive and its local service costs a lot, not to mention its global service.
For another, the electromagnetic radiation from the cellphone might do harm to the user's health, although the electromagnetic radiation can not be proven absolutely whether it's really harmful to human beings or not, but we can say with certainty, electromagnetic radiation is absolutely useless.
In my part of view, with its expenses being reduced sharply after China's entry into the WTO, its development will have a brighter future.
However, we should not use the cellphones in a wild way.
Exactly, I mean we should not use the cellphones if this makes other people unpleasant and inconvenient.
That is to say that we should pay attention to the time and the place to use it, we should know when is the good time to use it and where is the proper place to use it in order not to disturb our work and study.
For instance, as the students, it's forbidden to use cellphones during the class, especially for the pupils, they have no need to use cellphones, because they get easily addicted to it, they can't easily get rid of it.
So for theses pupils, it's better to give them the cellphone which only has the function to call.
And after class, we should limit our time to use it, while we are doing homework, we should pose it somewhere else.
And while we are eating or sleeping , we should also pose it somewhere else.
To be more specific , material success means I can live on my own--there's enough money for me to take care of myself, and in addition, to be given to my parents with which they can buy whatever they want.
Happiness consists in the love from the family, the care from my lover and the loving social relationship between people.
We should try our best to study hard, at the same time.
As we all cognize, there are plenty of smokers in the world.
Smoking is just like a habit of all the smokers.
In china, people also smoke.
Nevertheless, according to the professional investigation, most chinese people don't have a good health, especially chinese smokers.
'Opinions are vary from person to person.
However, most chinese people are opposed to smoking.
Whatever the smokers and other people have said before, I insist that smoking should be banned in china, as soon as possible.
First of all, smoking is unfavorable for people's health.
It's common knowledge that the cigarettes carry nicotine, which is a kind of thing can contribute to cancer.
What's more, if a smoker smokes too much a day, he or she will fall emotionally-depressed.
Secondly, the gas from smoking can cause air pollution in the environment.
Unfortunately, the gas not only can cause air pollution, but also can bring diseases to people, which is caused by the smoke from cigarettes.
It's hard for us to envisage that we breathe the gas from smoking here and there.
Last but not least, what's the most curial thing is that smoking is connected with the image of the smoker, the city and the country.
Smoking can reveal the quality of the people, who stands for the city and the country.
In conclusion, smoking can causes a lot of problems.
It's necessary for us to make efforts to ban smoking in china.
I hold a firm belief that we can reduce the number of the smokers in the future.
Now, many people keeping pets at their home .
But some people support to keeping pets at home.
their think that people at home is lonely.
Pets can stay with people so that people wouldnot so lonely.
The another of people are not support to keeping pets at home.
they think that pets are so dirty, if keep pets at home, the pets will bite the things, and pets have lots of any things.
In may oppion, keep pets can stay with people to relax so that we will not so lonely.
year at the college .
Be a teacher is my dream since childhood.
I've done it before.
but i delete it later and can not be handed.
The picture shows us that an old personin front of a big mirror saying that I am lonely, because my son and daughter are not at home, and, the lonely person's shadow is beside her.
From the picture, I know that, many young people go out to work to support their families.
Howere, their old parents are left at home alone.
In my mind, I really like the aged people, they will not want we make contributions for them, they only want we can stay with them.
Recently we found some problem in education.
Some schools only teach students how to study, but ignore the ability training.
Some students become pedants.
They will only learn.
I think moral character is important.
Because I believe character can influence people's future.
A good character can give a person a good future.
Nowadays, more and more college students choose to work as village officials.
To this, diffident people hold diffident opinions.
I belief there are many benefits can be get to the studnts and villages from it.
For the students, the are able to improve their managent ability in this stage, and realize mang their own thoughts with are beneficial to the development of villages.
Above all, this experience will be the very important and memorable wealth in their life.
For the villages, the graduates provide the viiages with advanced knowledge support, and accelerate the econonomy developmnt.
In addition, the students promote the cultural progress.
Social networking websites can reveal your personal infoumation, and then use by others.
On the other hand, Social networking websites can close the distance between the friends and family members, provide a stage to show themselves to share information and discussion piatform.
My view on the social networking sites, as we all know, it gives us a chance to make friends, exchange ideas and so on.
we can share happiness and sorrows with others on line.
however, it has produced a host of negative impacts on us.
some sites are coupled with many unhealthy ads which may produce adverse effects on youngers.
A boy Ken, who is a student but he is very chicken.
He is so timid that he is horrible to go to school on his own.
For example, on the first day of school he didn't want to school by himself, so he hug the tree didn't want to put it.
Second, on the first day of college he not only hugged the tree but also hug the man.
Fristly a lot of information can be shown in one picture, and it may cost you more time to discribe it and you may not able to express yourself clearly and compeletly.
Secondly peaple can easily remember a picture but not the words.
Consequently, more and more people suffer from mental diseases.
First of all, taking exercises is not only a good way to keep physical health but also our mental health.
Last but not least, developing hobbies .
The world I live is full of love.
My parents give me anything I want.
My teachers talk to me when I am in trouble.
At that moment, I always feel happy and thankful.
I think they give me a lot and I should study better to give them the best return.
In order to show my love, I can do many things.
For example, give money to the poor, or help classmates with their studies.
If a great variety of waste can be sorted well, there will be a great convenience to the cleaners and protect our environment from pollution, and people will be healthy if there is no waste.
What I understand from the table is that knowledge being power and we must hard working to get more knowledge so that we can get more degrees.
Good life should be depended by more knowledge.
  If we only focus on the books of knowledge and not to think, everything is in vain: if we just don't think to learn the knowledge of books, all is in vain.
This sentence is very good reflect the relationship between reading and thinking.
Recently cellphones make an important role in our daily life, what amazes us most is the discuss of use phone in the classroom.
For one thing it is convient to contact with family members.
We can get some imformation fastly.
For another is it may influence the class while the phone ring in the class.
In conclusion we are not really need the phone in the school.
So try not take the phone to the school next time.
At the beginning of my college, my physical education teacher told us we needed to participate in two PE classes per week and extracurricular sports, because we had to attend 12 minutes to run in the first four semesters that other college didn't need to do .
I am no longer what I was who often got sick .
Another thing in the college also affected me very much.
We are glad to inform you that shipment of the goods under S/C No.
J-29 has been made on board S.
Compared with other teachers, he always focuses more on his teaching methods but not the comments, so he can figure out various ways to make his class active.
As a teacher, what he does a good job on is that he encouraged students to think about projects themselves, which enhanced students' abilities of self-teaching.
Now University Ranking is very popular in China.
Many people are high on it, especially senior students and their parents.
Some people are for it.
They think the ranking includes the imformation of an university in the most part.
And these imformation are quite helpful for the students who will take the university entrance exam to choose the right one.
However, there are some people against it.
They hold the view that all the universities are equall.
Every university may have its own advantages in different fields.
In my opinion, the University Ranking is full of importance.
We can use it for reference, but we should not only rely on it.
My school life is very coloful, I have many lovely classmates and teachers.
My friend is always study with me.
We study and play together.
We happy every day.
After class my classmates always ask questions each other.
And I want to ask question to my classmates and teachers, they are very helpful.
I most like my Chinese teacher, she is funny and kindful.
We have eight classes every day.
Form 7:30 to 17:20.
Each lesson is interesting.
In our school, there are many club in oue class.
Club is be build by ourself.
After class, I usually have pe Activity.
I like PE very much.
In P.
activity, we can play so balls together.
Hello everyone.
When our stay at home, we may feel we have plenty free time.
But we don't know how to deal with the free time.
Now let's burst into laugh.
Firstly, we should speak the English word as loudly as possiblely.
Then we can listen some English stories use us phone.
In a word, we may have lots of time to study English.
I hope I can follow this way.
In this long vacation, it's a good chance to improve my English.
My family has four people, my father, my mother, my brother and I.
My parent in order to bring up my brother and I, their pressure is heavy.
But they never told us about this.
They offer us with comfortable life.
Every time Iasked about them health, they will told me if study well, that is the best requite for us.
Recently, I foung they are growing old, so I will do my best in the future, return for what they has give me.
The sense of happiness is of great significance .
As a vital thing, it bring us power, gain our enthusiasm for our exciting life.
Some people think that the sense of happiness mainly is money, fame, reputation and so on.
Firstly, the happiness includes success in careers, friendship and love.
Hobbies and schoolwork are never easy to balance.
Sometimes, my hobbies get in the way of my schoolwork.
As an 8th grader, my attitude was that music must be played while I'm doing homework.
And I preferred to use the computer to play them.
Another hobby of mine was to read the latest news.
Afterwards, a battle was taken place and the latter won.
I had lost control over my behavior.
Time seems to go faster whenever you waste it.
Thirty minutes passed.
All my attention was still caught on the screen.
One hour later, a boy of repent left the computer quietly.
The news was exciting.
Nevertheless, as a result, my homework was unfinished.
In my eyes, the only way to balance those two forces are to be brave.
You must be strong enough to control your actions perfectly.
Only then, not only will we avoid wasting time, but also we can use our time better.
In our daily lives.
Many goods are on excessive packaging.
As we all know, Excessive packaging is not good for the environment and lives.
On excessive packaging, we should care about it.
Not only make the environment bad, but also make the business more complex.
And when people enjoy the advantages of countries growing.
Some advantages is exposed.
So much goods are on excessive packaging.
The promotion effects of excessive packaging have been greatly exaggerate affected by interest driven merchants.
As far as I am concerned, excessive packaging not only creates waste of resources, But also causes unnecessary environment.
We should also establish the atmosphere of simple packaging, advocate appropriate packaging and building a conservation mid society.
Some days ago, the tax threshold has changed through the new-published law of the personal tax.
Considering the income diversity, the government has published this new law of personal taxes and try to coordinate the income distribution as much as they can, and this is one of the many methods to make the disposable income be more.
Salary is becoming higher and higher, and the commodity price is rising, too.
Expanding domestic demand is good for the economic development and for the development of all the country.
Lawmakers have repeatedly called for that the threshold should be lifted.
The rise of the salary is one of the symbol of the lift of the level of the living standard of people.
Rising the Personal Tax Thresholds is a proof of the development of China.
But if it happens too often, there must be some problems.
In face of too many problems that developing country have, we should have our own views.
In a word, this is a phenomenon that developing country must be encountered.
As we all know, scientific discoveries bring us a lot of benefits such as the mobile phone, the computer, the Internet and so on.
For example, the mobile phone brings us conveniences as well as troubles.
It makes our life become more wonderful and convenient, wherever we can contact others.
However, we choose to communicate with friends with the phone instead of the face-to-face.
The feelings we keep with others change, and we never find the distinctive emotion.
So as other respects, when we actively develop something beneficial to mankind, we also undermines the integrity of nature at the same time.
So I can't understan this class mostly.
Suport3: When classroom task begain.
How time flies, I am a sophomore already.
The college life is not fresh for me like last year, but I still adjust it extremely careful and get ready for some new challenges.
First, as a freshman, you are supposed to get along well with everyone around you as soon as possible.
When you feel embarrassed at the first meeting, you can smile at them, because a smile is the key to make people become more familiar and close.
Second, you should be more outgoing, active and positive.
You have more freedom in college than in high school, so it means you get more power to arrange your own time.
You can choose some activities to join in, such as sports meeting, a dance party and so on.
Third, you may make a plan for yourself at the beginning of the semester.
If you can't adjust to college life at first, it is normal.
You may feel difficult and helpless sometimes, but it is no use feeling depressed, you must learn to look forward to when confronting with difficulties.
The college life is plentiful, how to adjust to college life as quickly as possible is on your own.
Comment: First, This article is well organized and it has fewer mistakes.
Second, The structure is easy for readers to understand.
Last, some advice is really useful to a freshman.
My name is X.
Sophie is my English name.
I am a fresher who is from Y, and now I major in Business English.
In my spare time, I like to listen to the light, music, see the comedy and go to the supermarket with my friends.
Sometimes, I go to KFC with my friends.
My friends are very outgoing but me, so I want to change myself during the period of university.
Joining in the society is my way to get my guts.
As far as I am concerned, Intake Expansion in Chinese Universities is unjustified.
On the one hand, we have no enough good teachers to teach such a big amount of students in the whole country, which means the teaching quality may go backward, on the other hand, to some degree, the great amount of the students studying in the university will weaken the quality of education, which means that more graduated stuents may be out of work when they leave school.
Last but not least, just like fast food, it is convenient but unhealthy, so is the Intake Expansion in Chinese University.
There are four persons on my dormitory.
We love each other.
But sometimes we are difficult with each other.
For instance when the time is 12: 00 o'clock midnight, I want to go to bed very much.
As far as l am concerned a harmonious dormitory life is important.
lf we have a harmonious dormitory life, we are all very happy every day.
It is difficult to have a harmonious dormitory life for us.
There are some suggestions about setting up a harmonious dormitory life.
First we should learn to understand each other.
Second we should help each other when someone in difficults.
Secondly, given that online selling saves costs for renting shopping areas, employing staff, administrating, etc.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.
First of all, private cars save time and physical strength for people.
In addition, private cars give people private space in public places so that people can focus on work or study.
However, people getting much too comfortable cause unhealthy bodies and laziness.
As an old saying says, The early bird catches the worm  , which reminds us that if we are eager to be an outstanding and triumphant person, we must plan ahead of time and make our efforts to overcome all possible difficulties.
In today's study, diligence plays an essential role in obtaining success.
Thomas Edison had experienced countless difficulties before he invented the electric bulb finally.
It was his constant efforts that made him become a great man.
Einstein once said  Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent of perspiration  , which talked about the importance of the diligence.
Many athletes like Liu Xiang and Kobe Bryant have been the greatest sportsman all over the world.
Now I am in Senior Two.
I must experience university entrance examination in the near future.
the present situation becomes increasingly worse.
To have a brilliant tomorrow, I should spare no effort to study hard.
I am surprised that it was recently reported in a newspaper that six students who shared a dorm at a local university hired a cleaner to do laundry and cleaning once a week and each of them paid her 60 yuan a month.college students should be independent.
I am ashamed about that, as college students, we must know how to take care of ourselves.
  We all over 18 years old.
We can't be lazy and we should be independent.
Individual independence is important for us.
As soon as we can take care of ourselves, we will grow up quickly.
As students in college, individual independence is necessary.
Charles Dickens was born at Portsea.
His family was confined for debt when he was eleven.
It is hard to imagine the life that he lived in those day.
When he was fifteen, he began work in a lawyer's office in London.
After he became a freelance reporter, at the same time, his first publication began to appear in magazines.
Over 1836 and 1837, his novels published all were enormous successes.
In addition to writing novels he continued to be active in journalism.
In 1836, he became the father of ten children from his marriage to Catherine Hogarth.
In 1870, he suffered a stroke and died.
Violence exists as aspects of life.
Wherever there is urban life, there will be violence.
There are several suggestions to solve the problem of violence.
The appearance of communes is an attempt to create circumstances where people feel more in control of their destines, but they have had no effect on the violence in cities so far.
Besides, all that can be done by the government is to nudge people gently in the right direction by taking every opportunity to foster a sense of community.
It is worth commenting that a community problem is something that has to be solved by a government, rather than by the community themselves.
HeIlO everyone my name iS J.
I from in X.
I am fourteen cIass a student.
The hobbies are much more.
I have written a good character.
From the first grade, I has been being uarious branches group Ieader.
The author Nicholas Sparks was born on December 13,1965 in Nebraska.
He is good at writing novels, like Message in a Bottle and A Walk to Remember, etc.
Maybe you are more familiar with another writer J.
Rowling, who writes Harry Potter.
They were contemporary celebrities.
Everyone may have thought about this, but there is no exact answer.
John grew up in a single parent family.
When he was a student, he dropped out of school and joined the army, not knowing what else to do with his life until accidentally becoming acquainted with the pure, pleasant Savannah.
Their mutual attraction quickly grew into the kind of love that left Savannah waiting for John to finish his tour of duty, and John wanting to settle down with the girl who captured his heart.
John was about to retire on.
When 9.11 Incident broke out, John felt it was his duty to stay in the military.
And sadly, the long separation found Savannah physically and mentally exhausted because the cancer of her husband, John donated most his money and left there silently with his true love for her.
The kind of love called great love of selfless love.
Love is hard to get into, but harder to get out of.
Dear John not only brings us to a world filled with romantic, but leads us to think over our understanding of love.
After reading the novel, I figured it out, love between lovers is fragile, you should cherish it; Love is as pure as water, you should not make it dirty.
Hello , my name is S.
I am 16 years old.
With the passage of time, I have already been a member of the Yizhong.
The environment of the High School is very nice.
There were many trees and grass.
Activities in my new school were various.
I chose the computer graphic design, because I liked zhe computer very much and I played it before.
The computer graphic design had a lots of fun.
I was impressed with my English teacher among all of my teachers.
His pronunciation of spoken-English was nearly perfect.
And his method of teaching was nothing like that of at my Junior High school.
I also knew many new classmates.
Wu Haotian was one of my best friend.
I sat behind him.
It is firmly believed that online shopping provides us with a lot of convenience.
For example, you can buy whatever things from the internet without going to some shopping malls, which means that you can save your time and money, you can use your online bank to pay your bills, and online shopping will also make it easier to deliver whatever you have bought online to your home in time.
Although the advantages of online shopping can be easily known by many consumers, it also has many problems.
For example, when you opened the box to see your T-shirt that bought online, you found it was totally different from what you had seen from the pictures online in that you just looked pictures in the online store instead of touching it in a real store.
The consumers can't see the goods or try them on personally.
Thus, shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages.
Secondly, you should know more details about what you want to buy.
But before you bought it, you should think twice about their products.
It is widely believed that animals are our friends.
Being close as a family member, the pets will not need to struggle for food or suffer for the illness with no care.
Last but not least, The pet's owner will be beneficial to this relationship.
Nowadays we can see that more and more people treat pets as family members.
There was a father figure, and a son.
The son said to the dad that he has a bit worried about of disposing nuclear waste.
His dad said to him If he can empty the dustbin here, he can do anything.
I suppose the dad intend to tell his son He didn't have enough basic knowledge about nuclear weapons.
From the conversation, we should also realize that basic skills is very crucial.
Have the basic skills and ideas, then when embarking on your idea will get twice the result with half the effort.
Have learning skills is discontinue crucial nowadays.
Before learning English at HUST, I felt a little nervous about the whole-day class, doubting that whether I can adjust to it .
But after joining the class, I find it more fancy as I had thought.
First and foremost , different kinds of teaching method are used in classes, such as watching movies, listening to music and BBC News and so on, which not only raise my interest in English, but also broaden my horizon.
second, I am deeply attracted by teachers' personal charisma.
As we all know, a interesting class need a vivid description besides useful knowledge.
As is known to us all, the social networks are very popular recently, in some ways, we cannot live without them.
However, people begin to pay attention to their shortcomings.
Through the social networks, it's become easy to find your old friends who have been lost in touch with you for a long time.
In another side, The social networks are disturbing us all the time.
Some of us are addicted to them, they cannot manage to get out of them.
And it's a waste of time to spend most of your time in them.
The networks also keep us away  , i.
As we all know, helping others is a virtue which is inherited by Chinese people.
But in today's society, some people confronted with problems after they helped strangers.
So heated discussions have been aroused about whether we should help strangers.
In the first place, helping strangers is conducive to build harmonious society where people should be very friendly and help each other.
In reality, people often hear negative news, so they are afraid of helping strangers, even they are very indifferent.
But I think that negative things are rare, and there many kind-hearted people who are anonymous.
If all of us are courageous to help strangers, we can make our society harmonious.
And if negative things occur, we should carry out logical ways to protect ourselves.
In the second place, as we all know, there is a saying ''the rose in her hand, the flavor in mine''.
Helping others is a happy and holy thing.
In sum, helping others is aiways a virtue.
When I came in the classroom, everyone said hello to me.
And then they introduced themselves.
Our teacher is very beautiful.
And she is nice and friendly too.
I am not nervous anymore.
I will not worry about my new life in school.
As is known to us all, nature provides us with whatever we need.
In order to develop the economy, we deforest a lot, making creatures lose their homes.
Though environmental protectors call on us to lay emphasis on the balance of nature, we still ignore them by simply thinking that it is impossible to upset the ecosystem.
But the fact is that we get our Mother to lose her temper by destroying her so badly.
Unforturnately, terrible things happen: Now, we are living in a world full of polluted air and water, thus attacking our immune system.
Deforestation causes water lose and soil erosion.
It is our action can't catch up with the step of words that results in this.
We are aware of the significance of protecting the environment but don't do anything to improve the present situation.
Benjamin Franklin is America's greatest scientist, inventor, famous politician, diplomats, philosopher, writers and navigator and the American war of independence of the great leader in the eighteenth century.
As the saying goes: If you wish to be the best man, you must suffer the bitterest of the bitter.
He is hard-working, studious, innovation, persistant, never give up, these excellent quality and virtue make the great man.
Talent is an inexhaustible source of national forward continuously.
In my opinion, culture teaching is very important in english classes.
Because there is a closed relationship between culture and language.
Like english, to a larege extent, it reflects how the british people live and think.
Therefore, to learn a second language is to understand a second culture.
When it comes to the skills of learing english, many people will recall the traning of listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Unlikely, somebody always feels it difficult to master the four parts of english learning.
And they will lost interest in english soon.
That's all because that they don't know anything about the culture.
They don't understand the lifestyle or the unique way of speaking.
With time goes by, the summer vacation has gone, but I still addicted to the summer vacation.
During the summer vacation, I got a part-time job as a salesclerk to sale mobile phones.
It's pretty a big shop in the downtown.
And I started working at 9:00am every morning and working until 6:00pm every afternoon.
Of course, there was a break of 45 minutes for us to eat lunch.
When we were working, we need to queue up to receive the customers.
But it was usual that the customers didn't buy my cellphones after my long-time and brief introduction.
Not only did I get some money from the job, but also learned a lot of things.
First of all, for a salesclerk, it's necessary for me to learn a lot of things about the mobile phones such as the model, the configuration and so on.
Then I knew some new friends from the job, and the time with them really made me feel fantastic.
Last but not the least, making money is not as easy as we think.
One mor, I forget my book and he lent me.
Last weekend, I take part in a travel activity on the Golden Beach in QingDao.
I'd like to introduce you to this activity.
On Saturday morning, me and my parents take the bus at seven o'clock.
We have take part in all kinds of activities.
It's a brilliantly sunny morning, so we swam in the sea.
Besides, we eat seafood on the beach.
By five o'clock in the afternoon we were all burned out from working.
The setting sun is very beautiful, so we are immersed in the beautiful scenery.
And then, we took a lot of pictures and bought souvenirs.
Although we are very tired, but we are so happy.
It's worthing going to the Golden Beach, because the beach is wonderful.
Welcome you to come here to feel the wonderful scenery.
For example, The Great Wall.
The second I want to introduce China's art which has Beijing opera music of China.
I would like to take him to visit The Great Wall.
The college is the place where the wonderful life begin, where student's dreams will be established.
There is no doubt that they will meet many difficulties and challenges might as well.
To begin with, the freshmen should know the differences between college and high school life.
Firstly, the change of learning method.
In the college, students have more time to spent, it requires students to have the independency and exploratory of learning.
Secondly, the change of living environment.
After entering colleges, many students leave far away from their parents.
They need to learn the basic necessities of life on their own.
And set a goal which you should work hard for during the college life.
What need to remember is that any abilities are improved by practising, don't be afraid of failures, insecurity and mistakes are normal for a new college students.
In conclusion, knowing the changes and keep a usual mind about it.
Learning to be independent and self-control, thus, you will adopt the college life as soon as possible.
Now, more and more person don't like to go out, because the internet can do lots of things in place of us, such as online shopping.
Nowadays, online shopping has become a fashionable way to buy something.
One the hand, person think they can shop at home and the order is not affected by time, place restrictions.
Hello everyone, my name is X and I graduated from Y Z Senior School.
My hometown is B C Province.
Firstly, I'm the only son of my parents and they love me extremely.
I have a big family, I live with my grandparents, so that my family get together in a tiny house to enjoy atmosphere of happiness.
I'm an introverted boy, so I have few friends that I'm always lonely.
As the saying goes: Nor are introverts necessarily shy.
And then, I like singing English songs, I love Taylor Swift, WestLife and so on.
I like listening to music and my favourite singer is Hatsune Miku, Who from the music group, VOCAIOLD.
Of course, like quite a few boys, I like playing computer games.
Finally.
I hope I can be an author, I like reading stories and talking stories as well as discussing histories.
Nowadays, Blog has been being a kind of popular communication tool.
It is becoming an important section in the daily life.
Blogger can express their ideas about world news and the political event even a meal you cooking everyday by blog.
Blog is a perfect combination of communication and discussion.
It's content can be used to convey information and provide others with great information.
What's more, the whole Internet can be included in the Blog.
Therefore, Blog own share spirit and value rather than the email or mobile.
Last but not least, being so easy and simple, full use of Blog is being made in many fields.
Every coin has two sides.
The disadvantage of Blog can't be ignored.
It is very feasible that Blogger does some illegal action by this way.
At the same time, someone may make personal remarks to offend others or get other's personal details.
As the saying goes, Better safe than sorry  .
Summer is coming means the arrival of the summer vacation.
This summer vacation is a significant time.
The reason why l think so is that l will to be a student of 12th grade.
To start with, l believe that l should have a particular plan about my vacation.
At the first month l am dying to finish my homework.
Don't only by end of the summer vacation do you realize that you have no time to finish your homework.
As we all know, if you always study at home, it is not good for you.
Although you are a student of 12th grade, you also need enough relaxation.
The second month, l plan to travel some places with my parents.
Don't forget spent some time with your parents forever.
In conclusion, mental and physical health is important for person, especially for us.
SO we should take true action to combine exertion and rest.
They can call them at any time they want.
In general, students like useing phones to do what they like.
But they don't like other people reaching them just because it may disturb them.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Sweden.
Sweden located in the middle of the Europe covers an area of 4.1 square kilometres and has a population of 7.5 million.
Berne is the capital of Sweden.
Sweden's neighboring counties includes Austia, France, Italy and Germany.
In a word, Sweden is a magic country which always gives us surprise.
There is a problem here, that is how we learn.
Some people say that through reading, some people say that through practice.
Reading is everyone doing things, many people love the book such as treasure, Shoubushijuan, because a good book can affect a person's life.
Virtual life has many advantages.
However, virtual life also has many disadvantages.
In my opinion, we can avoid sides effect.
Virtual life has more advantages than disadvantages, so we should arrange our time and make good use of it.
National day is one of the most significant day in our country.
In addition.
the great mass of people should go home .
and a number of peopie choose travei at home and abroad .
At all events.
It; s an important day that meaks begining of PRC on the day .
In her mother's embrace of the motherland, happiness to grow and wish the motherland mother always beautiful, always prosperous and wish the motherland has become more prosperous and developed.
I think school playground is very nice for us.
And I like playing football and with my friends because doing sports helps me forget all my troubles.
Just as the saying goes, by reading we enrich the mind.
There are a diversity of books for us to choose from, like history, science and literature.
From those about history, we can learn about history from the past and permit not to make the same mistakes nowadays.
We can also learn various cuultures from reading books about different coutries' literature.
I love the books about literature most.
Reading those books can broaden my knowledge and also teaches me some useful skills as it contains such a lot of information.
If we don't read, our mind will become dull.
Although we can take part in some activities, we still cannot receive such useful information.
It is said that low-carbon lifestyle has been a popular trend around the world in these days.
As we all know, the earth is becoming warmer and warmer due to the global climate change.
Low-carbon lifestyle refers to reducing our daily carbon emissions by doing some meaningful things.
In my opinion, low-carbon lifestyle stands for a kind of attitude, which means paying more attention to saving resources and protecting environment.
As a college student, I think we shoulder a heavy burden in low-carbon lifestyle.
Firstly, we should study harder and obtain more knowledge in science and technology.
Then we can make full use of these and contribute more to the process of low-carbon lifestyle.
Secondly, we have to put feet on the ground and live a low-carbon lifestyle in person.
When we need to contact someone, it's better to send an E-mail than use paper to write letters.
Use the public transport or ride your bicycle instead of driving private cars when we travel somewhere.
Thirdly, wo should use our practical behaviours to influence more people.
When we are taking about the hometown, I affirm that everyone has a beautify hometown and has strong felling to our hometown.
Of course, I also have a little beautiful hometown.
However when other people ask me where is my hometown, I can pride to say I come from H in P.
  But I am sorry I haven't been to Mount Huangshan.
Although the Qinmen is not famous of Huangshan, we have black tea of Qimen is also famous all over the world.
So I help mom to chop tea when I was young.
I hated to pick tea at the time, to be honest, because it very tired and exceedingly boring.
But there is some remarking interesting thing in the picking tea process.
For instance, I can not only find fruit that I don't know them name to eat on mountain, but also can play with my countryman in the mountain.
Perhap most interesting, however, was the sing folk songs.
We stand at the mountainside and other people stand at the hillside opposite.
This is a wonderful and sweat voice in my mind.
When I leave my hometown to reading, I have not a long time to pick tea.
So at the time I miss my hometown, my tea, my mom and my old friend.
First of alll , i will be a Eenglish teacher who is patient and hard-working , especially i will help students improve thier spoken English .
Second, i will make a lot of money, so i can go to some beautiful situations, such as beijin , shanghai, nanjing, so on .
According to the picture, we can see a woman and a boy, which is her son.
In my opinion, first of all, reading literature can improve our cultivation, because we can see many human  s good qualities from the literature.
He said that when his first day of the elementary school is coming, he felt very scared, he didn't want to go to school, but his mom threatened him and take him to school.
Ten years ago, Little Tom became a teenager that just going to the university, he had to leave his home and lived outside alone.
This time, he didn't afraid, but his mom did.
According to the diagram, we can easily see parents' influence on child's character in different countries.
Comparing father's influence , mother always plays an important role in the growth child.
In my opinion, father's effect is as important as a mother to the devlopment of a child.
They can teach the child's all-round abilities to help their child to adapt to the challenging world and the competitive society.
Mother tells us how to communiate with others and has an essential impact on EQ like our emotional expression.
At the same time, we will be more serious in accomplishing our task on the mother's influence.
Our father contributes to our enthusiasim and our achievement in pusuing our dreams.
Types and number of donated books very much, hope you can grasp the situation this morning, after discussion, we decided to donate 50 the four great classics, 50 copies of Chinese history, a total of 60 novels and prose poems, there are some comic books, story books, etc.
secondly, we should give a deep thoughts about what kinds of students we want to raise, if you want more talented students, you should concentrate on upgrading the university's hardware and reduce the population in your school slightly, if you just want to raise the so-called college graduate, you may not concern about the population.
Hello, everybody.
I need a classmates as English editor in school now.
There are two parts of this job.
Two is to choose to editor students of the contributians.
What's more.
If you get the job, you should be willing to offer some of you spare time to serve the students.
And, you are good at English and art.
In addition, you can use the computer mainly.
At night, we watched TV until the big clock koncked.
Therefore, it is easy to speak but difficiluty.
They makes a living by themselves.
So I want to be a flight attendant.
People always found that someone can success easily.
We usually soothe ourselves that they just born with great talents.
There's a girl around me, it's common practise that she win the first in every examination.
Contray to me, i never tried to change my habits.
I believed that eventually i would win with my talent.
After a long period.
i was really behind of her steps.
I wondered what the differences between she and i.
Through my observation.
i noticed she was tiredless in the courses.
She might not have the qualification of smart, but she was aware of that, she made efforts in advance.
As the saying goes: The early bird catches the worm.
I have understood the deep meaning of this saying.
In this holiday , I did a strange thing that I invited one girl to go with me.
wow , only she and me.
hower i don not like her.
because shi was so short short andshort.
i went to nanluoguxiang with her.
when i meet her , i am so wonder that she was grow tall not yet.
she was so angry with me.
so i felt afraid of her.
After a period of time.
she began to speak with me.
In the way, I bought a tiger toy for her, and invited her to dinner.
we were talked to each other to happy.
There is no doubt that everyone have read or known something about classic.
First, classics have been selected by people from different area and different time.
This is meant, they have been accepted.
Second, classics are the precious treasure for us.
They stand for the wisdom and culture of the old days.
If we can read they carefully, we will learn a lot from they, what's more, we are able to have a deeper understanding about our life.
So as far as I concerned, classics are the wealth possessed by all of us.
They can become our friends and teachers, if we need, we can see they whenever.
In E.
There were cottages sprinkled around the shores, and it was in farming although the shores of the lake were quite heavily wooded.
He gives us a very beautiful picture of the lake, which makes the readers want to go there.
  Arriving was less exciting nowadays, when you sneaked up in your car and parked it under a tree near the camp and took out the bags and in five minutes it was all over, no fuss, no loud wonderful fuss about trunks.
The lake symbolizes E.
Although I'm not an Apple fan, I still admire Steve Jobs.
His stories excite me for a long time.
I can't image if I was him what would I do.
Today Apple products become the most popular things in our life.
It's another reason why I so admire Steve.
Now he left us forever but his products, ideas and his spirit will be engraved on our mind.
I hope Apple company will heir Steve Jobs's attitude try their best to offer us more and more creative products in the future.
Finally, I'm sorry to Steve Jobs's die.
I want to say You're a great man in the world.
Thanks for your efforts.
So many students have the question that which is more essential.
From my point of view, academic performance is as important as communication ability .
On the one hand, we should not give up studying, on the other hand, we should make acquaintance of more people who have a common goal.
I think myself will be very different in ten years ago, and my life will be better in ten years.
I will be twenty-eight years old by then.
I will do a good job in whatever I do and I will enjoy my work .
I will have many hobbies , such as swimming, running, and basketball games.
Good morning, everyone.
With a resource of over 3200000 books as well as about 60000 DVDs and CDs, Tianjin Library is one of the biggest libraries in China.
But in the library collect not only books, but also a large quantity of magazines and newspapers, which are renewed frequently, and the Internet is also offered to people learning in the library.
Except for the mornings on Monday and Friday, he library is opened at 8:30am and closed at 7:00pm everyday.
That's all.
  I have a dream.
  This is Martin Luther king speech.
I have a dream to.
My dream is China becoming more powerful.
Now, China is a developing country.
countries.
I want to be a financier.
Because if you don't rich countries, people are not strong, China is not strong.
As known to us all, Spring Festival plays the most important part in Chinese festival culture.
As a traditional Chinese festival, Spring Festival stands for the long history of our culture, which our Chinese are always proud of.
In order to make the last day of this year perfect, the CCTV perform a celebration for the Chinese people all around the world.
As for me, it's the best time of a year during the performances, because the TV can not only make us laugh, but also give a chance for everybody to take their mind off their problems that have troubled them a lot in the past year.
Shooting off fireworks is such a beautiful activity that everybody is want to set off one with his own hands.
As the beginning of the completely new year, Lunar New Year's Day is the the most appropriate time for the relatives who have been long time no see to call on each other.
Nowadays many college students like to pursue famous brands.
What ever the clothes or mobile phones, they always like famous brands.
It is common to hear the college students talk about famous brands.
Even if some families are not very rich, but families of children prefer decorated with famous brands.
I think that college students love to decorate their designer wanted in appearance.
Sometimes with famous brands and even some college student iust want to show off.
As we all know, the pollution by cars is from bad to worse in recent years.
In order to control the situation, someone think we should be drive cars less.
They think it can stop the pollution increasing.
Someone suggest we can limit the personal transportation and develop the public transportation at the same time.
But I think, these suggestions are all useful in a short time.
If we can solve the serious problem, we should do something more besides those.
For instance, car factories can invent small displacement automobile to make the car discharge less pollutional gas.
  What is the best way to learn has aroused more and more attention and discussion from people.
Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
However, others think people can obtain more knowledge through practice.
  Reading can let us acquire more knowledge, master important skills and grip much initiative and creativity to make our dream come true.
Secondly, finding the right book at the right time can ignite the spark of thought within us that motivates us to read more, understand more and read joyfully.
All in all, reading is significant in our lives and we can find a great many of benefits through reading.
As we all know, parents play a vital role in our development.
For example, Russel Baker who is a noted columnist was asked to work hard and steering toward literature early in life by his mother, finally, he made something of himself and got success.
As a man called Abraham Lincoln said:  All I am, or can be, I owe to my angel mother.
First of all should do is that parents make good friends with their children and enough to know them.
Nowadays, the society becomes more and more modern.
There are many ways which can help us to get important information, such as surf the internet, watch Tv, use mobile phone and so on.
Before we use internet to get information, we really look though the information by using a dictionary.
Dictionary may be a little old fashion, but it is more helpful.
We learn something which we don't get it before by ourselves, and in this way we can learn the detail , not the single result.
We can look at the picture, the boy is holding a mobile telephone, and surf the Google to get someting which the teacher asked .
Education doesn't mean learing to obtain information.
Different people have different understandings of life.
Some think that money is the life of all.
Others prefer the power to bring the honor.
They are afraid of poverty and losing what they cherish.
Diogenes, a man living in the world , shoeless, beared and half-naked didn't have work to do and no family to prvide for, but he felt very full and happy.
What's more, he thought that the life must be simple and natural.
Personally, I am not quite agree with him.
According to what he said, we simply return to the primitive sociaty, living in the cave.
However, the sociaty need make progress, we should pursue a better live and try to impove our living condition.
First shopping on the net can give customer provide with a wide rang of choices.
Beside it's very convenient and time-saving.
First, they think that customer doubt its quality and price unless they see it by themselves eye.
Finally they will worry about pay for money on the net.
Computer into the classroom are becoming more and more popular among schools nowadays.
Some people believed that with the improvement of information and computer technologies, computers will result in teachers' unemployment.
Perhaps the most boundedness of computer learning is that it just allows the students to acquire information one-sided.
There is no doubt that computers can assess students' ability to learn and formulate individual plan to every student, but they are unable to give consideration to students' emotion.
There is no method for computers to give praise and award to students when they do a good job.
This is a tremendous disadvantage of computers because concern really dose matter.
Furthermore, the chance of students' group discussion will disappear eventually in that they just communicate with computers rather than others.
The longer time spend in computer, the more stress they will feel.
As we all know, people are social animals.
They shouldn't be holding in front of the computers.
There is a fashion that more and more people publish blog on the internet.
There are various ideas.
First of all, I think the development of the Internet computer science and technology contribute to the widely usage of blog directly.
With the economy and society developing, the computer has been a necessary appliance in daily life and the network is gradually consummate.
Consequently, people can use blog whenever and wherever.
Besides, the blog is an open arena where everyone can say whatever he want to say and where people can communicate cheerfully without time or place limitation.
Finally, now, it is a fiercely competitive society and most people live in tension and depressive.
Of course, there is not only advantages of blog, but some negative influences exists.
With information delivering, some negative effects is also spreading.
In short, blog is a double-edged sword.
The thing becoming the point that many people trying to find why that thing often happen.
ability of student.
This behavior leads to the lack of school students.
for our college student.
In addition, we all know that the importance of moral cultivation.
us to develop more better.
besides, good character could make people respected.
only by the supervision of the school, we must also to shool ourselves behaviour.
there are many beautiful sea and big beach.
i go to the beach with my pet dog and we all have agood time wesaw a lot of things when i walked ang the sea.
i sw the blue sky and blue sea.
the weather was very sunny.
i feel nice and evryone at there were very happy.
we also ate a lot of delicious food in the evening.
Nowadays, we can take in a lot at the school.
And our ability is getting more and more high, especially our ability to learn.
School education is paying more attention to enhancing our study ability owing to expecting us to get a good score in the test.
However, we have ignored some essential things, which are also crucial for our growing up, being called moral character.
Getting into the habit of honesty is all of us have to do as well.
In a world, not only is the school education supposed to advance our study ability, but also pay attention to our moral character cultivation.
I am from Chinese family.
My family is very friendly.
In holiday we go to visit our relatives.
We made dumplings on New Year's Eve.
we go to the take part in the winter camp.
I know a little frends.
We treasure our friendship.
I learned a lot in this winter holiday.
What touches me most, however, is sort of among animals in the fantasy world in Charlotte's web by E.
Heathcilff was adopted by Mr Earnshaw on the Livepool Street .
He live with Mr Earnshaw 's son Hindly and his daughter Cathy.
Hindley hated Heathcilff but his sister like Heathcilff.
After Earnshaw died , Hindley become the host of the family , he treated Heathcliff as a farmer and insult him .
At the same time , Cathy and Heathcliff love each other.
Linton , the son of Thrushcross Grange, pay court to Cathy , and visit her very often .
Cathy made up her mind to get married with him, Heathcliff was very angry and went out.
He cheated Hindley's belongings by gambling.
He did the things all for revenge.
He married Linton's sister Isabella .
Cathy died after she gave a birth to little Catherine.
Isabella discerned Heathcliff and left him .
She procreated little Linton and died .
Heathcliff spoliated little Linton and badgered him to love little Catherine.
Heathcliff hijacked little Catherine and forced her to be married with his son .
At the same time , Heathcliff was importuned by Cathy .
He stayed at his own room all day and didn't have meal or sleep.
Wuthering Heights is also a story of Heathcliff.
But he becomes a villain when he acquires power and returns to Wuthering Heights with money.
Nowadays, most of students attention less immportance to spelling of word in the procsss of English study.
As we know, spelling is important to study English.
So, there are three reasons for this phenomnon.
Firstly, exam-oviented education makes the students pay less time to spelling.
Secondly, English eachers should also be resonsible for it , because most students not realize the importance of spelling.
As for me , one the hand , exams should be change , and add to some factors into it.
Which would help student pay more attention to spelling.
One the other hand, for students, they can through other ways make them be interested in word spelling.
As you have known, college's life is varied.
However, there are also some things that we must pay attention to.
First of all, we must learn to handle the finance.
Because most of us don't realise that our parents are paying their life for us.
They work hard just for us whom can study easily.
Second, you must care of yourself, because it is possible for most of you to leave your hometown for the first time.
Without parent's around, you also need to live well.
The third, this is also the most important things you must to learn.
For you are the adult, no longer the baby.
Every people has diffenert views on the  No Cars Day  .
Some people think it is worthy, but the other people don't think so.
The former think it can help to improve the eniorment, because it can improve the people's views about the eniorment.
In the same time some people don't think it is worthy.
I will never forget my first trip.
When I was little, my father took me to a seaside in my hometown ZheJiang.
There were many fishing boats and boxes about fish.
And then we took the fishing boat to a small island.
We cook the fish and seafood by ourselves beacause there wasn't many people and restaurants.
the real father.
son.
on it.
From a purely economic standpoint, people can get personal enrichment with their specialty knowledge .
Because they have better ability and comprehension which make them easily being acknowledged .
Third, people can contribute to society with their knowledge .
The development of society need all kinds of people who are good educated.
Nowadays, more and more students look forward to having a university life.
But, the college students will face with the serious problem of employment in future.
Therefore, the teacher asks me to take part in social practice.
It is that we will have a social practise ability.
It is able to let me have more knowledge after graduate from the university.
However, some students think that they don't need to have social practice.
On the contrary, they can lack a lot of social knowledge.
While some students think that we can hope to take part in much social practice, because we gain much knowledge of social practice.
And the good quality could help us to be a kind human such brave.
justice.
friendly.
As the cpital of France , Paris is a modern city with a long and rich history.
there are many famous buildings there such as the Eiffel Tower, cathedral and so on.
So many events took plance there and there are so many places for visitors to have a trip.
Pairs France is warm ni Summer.
I'd like to wear light but modest clothing for Paris trip.
I will bring T-shirt and shorts.
I would bring big and dark coat, then I have a cap on my head.
It likes Chirstmas Day in England which is the most improtant.
When the Spring Festival comes, a lot of people away from their hometown usually come back and spend it with their family.
They will have a good meal together, it's called Family reunion dinner.
At night , we will play with the fireworks, it's really cool.
The night sky will be very beautiful.
I was very excited and happy.
In fact, no matter whether you are rich or not.
There is an old saying that Interest is the best teacher.
The Dragon Boat Festival is one of the important national festivals in China.
It is on the 5th day of the 5th month of the lunar year and we Chinese will commemorate Quyuan that day.
Usually, Chinese people will observe The Dragon Boat Festival by dragon-boat racing, everywhere will hold the boating games every year, more and more people love it , interesting and exciting.
On The Dragon Boat Festival, eating zongzi is a traditional custom.
That is all.
In my point of view, there are two reasons.
Secondly, spelling is a hard work and in each text we all have many new words, and we students do not have enough time and patient to remember them.
In my opinion, though spelling is a hard work, it is very important in English learning, so we should pay more attention to it.
In class teachers ought to take a few minutes to have a dictation.
Our students can form a study group and do some things about spelling together.
As a college student, you need to master a variety of skills.
First of all, you should be good at arranging your time.
Since during your college life, you'll have a lot of free time, and you must learn how to make good use of it.
Besides, you have to expose yourself to the ways to assemble and process new information rather than only receive what teachers tell you.
That is, you should get rid of the passive habit of study and develop a new self-study-habit.
In addition, you ought to gain the communication ability.
What an efficient way is to take part in some social practices, in which you can meet all sorts of people.
And then you'll learn how to handle it.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
The developed country, Switzerland is located in the middle of the Europea which is close to Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
It covers an area of 4.1 square kilometres with a lot of famous cities there, such as Geneva.
As the capital of the country, Berne isthe centre of economy of Switzerland and the whole world.
What is more, the scenery of Switzerland is very beautiful so we call it the garden of the world.
all know, the snowy mountain--Alps.
industries like watches, chemistry and food.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
Time will go by, and all of us will grow up.
First of all, I may have a lovely family of my own, which will have one or two cute kids.
We will live in a big house with my parents.
Besides, I am going to have a pleasant job, which is not busy but enjoying.
During working, I will try my best to solve the problems that we are tried for.
What is more, after work, I can take a walk with my parents or fly the skite with my children.
Nowadays, self-confidence plays a major role in person's character and also is the cornerstone of success.
If you have no confidence, you do not know how to express your views, or solve the difficulties.
Each of us has our own unique point of view.
First of all, focus on your own merit and achievement regularly.
For instance, Pay more attention to demerit and lost, of course, more upset and inferior feeling.
Thus, You should fortify the high resolve.
For instance, write down five points of your advantages at least, and when you take part in kinds of activities, think of it and tell yourself how excellent you are.
Afterwards, as the saying goes, the one takes the colour of one's company.
If you always stay with crapehanger, you will be flagging.
Pessimism is a contagious disease.
In opposite, if you contact with confident people who have largeness of mind, you can become the same in the future.
The third, set appropriate ambition.
If the target is low, it is useless, but also the goal can not be too high, aim which is hard to finish will hurts your confidence.
After all, confidence is an optimistic and wealthy measurement of an ambition you can get, it can worth saying that confidence means half of success.
Employment issue is one of the biggest concerns of our country.
As a survey suggested, almost 80% of college graduates found their jobs.
But more than 70% of them expected too much to their first jobs, they wanted to find a high paid job or a comfortable and easy job or hoped that their first jobs are of their majors, and there were many other expectations.
But the choices and requests of jobs were also different from female to male graduates.
Most female graduates preferred jobs that are comfortable and easy, of course, it may as well with a good salary.
To find a good job is not an easy thing.
But if we work hard and lower our expectations, to find a job is not a very difficult thing .
Such as my mother, she dislikes cats and dogs and some other pets.
My mother thinks the pets would put the living room so dirty.
And she goes out to work everyday.
So she does not have enough time to take care the animals.
Around me some neighbours have pets at home.
They say that pets are very cute , and the pets are the best friends of human beings.
I like dogs, although I was bitten by a dog three times , but I still love them.
Such as the golden retriever.
This kind of dogs are very beautiful and gentle.
I think dogs are our best friends forever.
The whole's work depends on a good start in spring.
And as the start of a new year, the Spring Festival is so grand that all the Chinese celebrate it, ont only in China, but in other countries.
When there are about ten days before the festival, people began to prepare for it.
We cook La Ba Zhou and La Ba Cu, we make some paper-cuts and couplets and glue it on windows and doors.
When the festival comes we have a big dinner with families and we eat jiaozi, which is my favourite food.
We watch a big party on TV in the evening, and there are also many activities at the same time such as playing cards and send good wishes to our friends.
During the next days, we go to visit our relatives.
In short, the Spring Festival is the most importang festival in China.
In a game, the little boy and another boy crashed together, his leg injured seriously.
His father can't accept this fact, so after the little boy recovered and asked him to continue training.
None of us not respect those people who are successfully in various areas.
In our eyes, they gain much more applause and profits than us.
And they are standing on a top place we can't reach .
For a start, we must make a clear goal to guide our plans to achieve our aims.
Without aims, even you intend to go somewhere, we can't walk far or stay there as before.
Moreover we must admit they have made great efforts.
Thoustants of experiments attribute to the light .
Once more, alternative is of great importance for success.
Alternative offers more possibilities for us to access our success and pave the way to success.
In conclusion, success isn't difficult to achieve above what we have discussed.
Only if we have made enough efforts, taken hold a chance and had faith in ourselves, we will can see the picture we have drawn in our minds.
a new year .
a new start.
when i stand on the edge of  a new year.
  so i decide that i should be at work while the others are still relaxing .
and then .
at the beginning .
i will do my best to live up with what i have planned.
The story told us what boy's life with a buge apple tree , The a little boy was getting a man, but the tree was getting old , The tree gave all the things what he have to the boy to do anything.
we should tell ous children how anything to do and help their fing what doing happy they are.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland, a developed country in Europe.
Sitzerland is in the centre of the Europe.
It covers an area of 41,000 kilometers and has a population of 7,500,000.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland.
What's more, Geneva, one of the most famous cities, also belongs to Switerland.
It can be said with certainty that Switerland is acountry with beautiful scenes.
It is also called The park of the world  .
In a word, Switerland is my favourite country.
It's generally agreeed that Switerland is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.
During these days we study together and exchange ideas.
What's more, it's of great fun for me to take a tour of beijing'sancient sights , which are the essence of Chinese historical culture.
In our life, we always meet many troubles.
And we meet them, we always with somebody have a talk.
If our opinion have some difference, I always judging rationally, the good in people, or an I better.
I won't follow somebody's opinion blindly.
Actually, I respect other's opinions instead of arguing about them.
I respect the opinions of them, but when i have a different opinion, I will tell them in a right time.
To conclude, when I have a different opinion, I will be a reasonable man.
It is well-known to us that the phenomenon of dishonesty exists our day-to-day life.
For example, in order to get a great score, some students who cheat in exams.
What is more companies want to earn a large amount of benefits that they also cheat consumers.
There is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of honesty.
The reason why are as follows.
Firstly, if we treat friends honestly, we will get many good friends in the future.
Sencondly, the companies should not cheat every consumer.
Only in this way, they can become large and large.
Life may be many things to many people.
Some may see it as the only while others may view it as a game.
My opinion of life is bound up with three major factors.
Primarily, life is so precious that everyone should treasure it.
In fact, from Materialism angle, it's true that life is single and short.
All we should do something valued and contributed to our society.
Secondly, life is also long enough and unimportant.
There is nothing could take in or away in the world.
So it's no significance to chase wealth, reputation or status.
I have much freedom in this matter, but I have found any other way of seeing life more reasonable and acceptable that mine.
So the air is fresh.
The old man tumbled on the ground making every effort to grab his walking stick with which he could stand up by himself.
Exercise can makes me happiness very much.
Exercise does have unexpected benefits.
This news mainly about Yang Wei think healthy living is not hard.
We only need to do more exercise and keep health diet.
Nowdays mobile phones are very common around us and especially used widly among students as it is convenience for us to contact with our parents.
Besides, much fun is brought by it in order to make us excited and ralexed.
In the other word, some teachers and parents have oppsite opinions because they think that using mobile phone is the most important reason which affects students' learning.
For example, using mobile phones on class interferes teachers to teach and disperse students' attention so that they can't remember all the knowledges that teachers mentioned.
Meanwhile, the cheating softwares preseted on mobile phones like Wechat costs not only money but also time.
However, as students, we should concentrate on study instead of ueing mobile phones.
Qingdao is in the southeast of Shandong Province.
And it is one of the most interesting cities on the coast.
The Wind of May is the most famous architectures in Qingdao.
In summer, Qingdao attractives a lot of tourists that are from different countries.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is a traditional festival in China.
Everybody likes it because it is a family get-together Day.
You see, it is called 'Mid-Autumn Day', so it often comes in September or October.
It is on the 15th of the 8th of the lunar month.
That day the moon is round, big, just like a beautiful plate hanging on the blue cloth.
When I see the moon, I'll remember the ancient legend--the goddess Chang Er and her rabbit are playing under the tree.
There is a big tree in my family's garden.
All the family members are sitting under the tree in the open atmosphere on the day.
We are eating the moon cakes and honouring the full moon in the sky.
It is an amazing and memorial thing.
And that is a family reunion dinner.
The moon cakes and the moon symbolized the love of the family.
I considered this as one of the most valuable things in the world.
The Mid-Autumn Festival plays an essential role in our life.
Now more and more people worry about students who born in the 90s.
Because they think those students who are only care of themselves which not connect others.
In addition they not only no insist which easy give up but also don't know what to follow and hope to become famous.
But cause for they are this that they have to face trouble in entering a higher school and finding the job.
And besides those they also have many advantages.
For example they can brave to challenge.
So I think although they have many disadvantages, different times have their own living ways.
Recently a large number of TV game show, a miraculous number of competitive level of player's appearance looks well, such as The Voice of China.
these kinds of Tv show seems to a people who looks well are easier to success.
We have to permit that good looking will be more likely to succeed in appearance.
but that can't mean that appearance not well, and can't succeed.
We canot judge a people by their appearance.
One's listening comprehension and speaking ability grow by practice.
To achieve good results in training aural comprehension at college, it is necessary to practice listening to English on a regular basis.
Although I hate English, I have to learn it for text.
Through so many years of study, I also discover some methods.
For example: Listen, as far as possible, the more you listen, the easier it is to learn English.
So the selection of interesting is not too difficult listening materials, such as China radio international or BBC English programs.
You can recite the text.
Reciting is good to help you remember a lot of useful phrases and sentences, and help you to improve your English way of thinking.
You should practice listening and speaking as much as possible.
Every day we can get up early to practice reading English.
First of all, I want to say the college life in my eyes, I think university is easily free and there are many free time.
Secondly, I have my own goal in college, in my opinion, I think learning is my top priority, I should pay more attention on it.
Of course, working is also important.
Finally, I want to say no matter what I meet in the future, I should keep an optimistic attitude towards life.
First children these days depend on their parents too much it is not enough to just det good dreads at shool .
As we are all raised in China, the most of us experienced being asked not to cry but to be brave grudgingly.
  Parents' criticism like these often be heard in streets and alleys.
I have read a lot of articles that have smething to do with love story and different article gave me different feeling.
Love story exists every corner of the world, each country , or each home , No matter how poor we are , we will never lack love .
Family, love, friendship, are filled with the world , they expressed through the love story , and they are spreaded around the world .
I have been in residence since the beginning of the junior high school.
Habit and adapt to life without parents accompany.
Graduated from high school.
The summer vacation, I find a summer job.
It is a promoter, in a supermarket sales a kind of drink.
The end of a month, I go to university as a freshman no parents accompany, I come to this strange city alone.
This summer vacation, I also go for work, do a cashier in a supermarket.
Contact the society and learn some experience.
Today Disposable Plastic Bags is a problem to everyone.
In our life Disposable Plastic Bags can be seen everywhere we lived.
Though we all know the injury of the plastic.
The use of it is never decreased.
Recently, as the appeal for environmental protection become more and more upsurge.
As we know, the injury of Plastic in today's society should be attached importance to.
Over using the plastic bags not only increase the pollution of the environment.
But also make the living beings under the influence.
In the other hands, the Plastics are harmed for our health that make our life become dirty.
Limiting the use of Disposable Plastic Bags has many ways.
Nevertheless in my opinion, we could do that some thing in our life.
And we will also use the meaning of limiting the use of Disposable Plastic Bags.
We live in the world that can let us grow up happiness and healthiness.
We should not over the beautiful view, make the environment badly to live.
Different people have quite different views on Group Cooperative learning.
Some of them are in favor of the idea that Group Cooperative Learning.
Those who hold the first opinion think that Group Cooperative Learning is good for learning.
In their view, people can communication with each other.
Students are chatting instead of studying.
Admittedly, the atmosphere is not easily trapped.
Furthermore, students can help each other, they are making progress together.
A man who likes to speak big words, often does terribly.
Therefore, it is better to do well than to say well.
As far as I am concerned, because of ignorance in action, we often get in to trouble.
For instance, if you behave not properly in table manners, you will feel embarrassed, no matter what you say, it is really terrible.
To the bedroom door because the boy can not enter my own luggage.
Fortunately.
Give me a deep impact is a beautiful girl.
Her hometown hunan.
when l moved my baggage to my bedroom door met her.
She offered to help me move my baggage to my bedroom.
To the bedroom to lay down luggage.
She left.
L said thank you.
finally.
l was lucky.
Dear Mr.
The Students' Union will take up an outdoor activity for students and teachers.
We will get together at the school gate at half past seven.
The activity start at eight and end at eleven.
If you are free on Sunday.
Hello, Mr Johnson.
I am a 20 years old boy whose name is LiMing.
I feel very honored to introduction myself and put forward my request.
When I was at high school, I was a volunteer on the campus volunteer association.
Because I am willing to serve for other people.
I think this is a happy thing.
Not only other people feel happy, but also I feel a sense of achievement.
This brief experience is my precious wealth.
Later, I also had been engaged in volunteer with the work.
Such as helped the old man who is in the nursing home, cleaning in the community, helped the man who is homeless in the alleyway and so on.
I think help others is an essential in my life.
My hobby is to help other people.
And I also like reading, sports and music.
I think I will be a good volunteer.
If you have the interest to me, please contact me.
My telephone number is 12345678.
Please give me a chance and I won't let you regret.
Dragon Boat Festival Dragon Boat race is a unique folk activities, the couse of this event is commenmorate one of the ancient China during the great poet QuYuan established.
I thought is very exciting.
So I want to take part in he Drgon Boat Training Camp.
Traning Camp can exercise the boby.
And Traning Camp will begin in August in beijing.
  We have but one aim and one single, irrevocable purpose.
There is a variety of method to apply to.
To begin with, people could relax or refresh themselves on weekends or on vacation.
Although people could not avoid it, they can strain every nerve to reduce its detrimental effects and not to be burdened by it.
Last but not least, individuals ought to engage in all sorts of activities to strengthen all parts of their body.
In a nutshell, it is maintained that job stress is a costly epidemic that we can confront it.
It is shown that plagiarism, as a serious problem, has been running rampant on campus.
A variety of college students copying other's ideas without any proper attribution aim for the slovenly accomplishment of their homework.
To begin with, the more copies, the more laziness.
Plagiarism may have brought students convenience for the moment but in the long run, it would curb their progress of thinking.
In addition, it is unfair for authors to use their opinions without reasonably stating the sources.
What's worse, they may lose their faith in the academic field as well as creative enthusiasm.
In the final analysis, such academic dishonesty is of great harm but no goodness.
Just as nothing can be accomplished without norms or standards, to avoid plagiarism, both prevention and correction are needed.
For prevention, all students should be taught lessons on the various forms of plagiarism.
For correction, severe punishment is called for when such dishonest behavior is discovered.
There are many kinds of after-class activities like instrument playing, playing football and reading corner in our school.
Besides, by going in for such activities, they can learn what they can't learn from books, which will be beneficial to them in the future.
What's more, it's really a good chance to help me make some new friends there.
As we all know, the university is a show each student talent to stage.
We can meet a lot of talented students in the university.
Meanwhile, the party of students also come up with that they are poor.
It probably makes they feel upset .
So am I.
Some students suppose that we should believe our-self talent.
In ordinary life, we should exercise our-self.
we are not afraid of failure.
Sometimes, Failure is the only way to success.
If we insist do it, we will make great progress .
Nowdays, more and more people chose to study on overseas.
Because they think that it's benefit for them.
It can make them learn more foreign culture.
However, someone don't think it is good.
Because it can expend your view , study more foreign knowledge.
In today's society, social network is becoming more and more popular.
believe it or not, the truth is that personal information is given out easily.
On the fourth of November, I left New York for Beijing.
Time: From 2:30p.
M to 4:30p.
Nowadays, a vast number of individuals live a relatively decent life compared with the past.
However, the growing stress of living makes young people have a little time to take care of their aging parents, so they have to send their parents to nursing homes.
The fact that old people are sent to nursing homes has aroused hot discussion in the society.
To start with, old people can be looked after well under their children's care.
There are lots of old people needing help in nursing homes, so it is impossible to take care of the same one at all time.
When aging parents need anything, their children can satisfy them in time while the nurses can't.
Next, old people can live a happy life if their children take care of them.
For instance, my friend's grandmother was sent to the nursing home by her children.
She always felt that their children not care about her.
Then, she died for sad mood.
Finally, taking care of old people by their children reduces the stress of the society, even it benefits the development of the society.
In a word, as children are taken care of by their parents, so aging parents are looked after by their children.
So I think reading is of great importances to students.
Firstly, I think it interesting and enjoyable to read a good book.
My name is G.
My room is tidy.
There are the bed, table, chair, sofa.
in my room.
My computer is on the table.
My books and notebooks are on the desk.
My pens are in the pencil box and my pencil box is on desk.
My schoolbag is under the sofa.
My tape is in my tape player and my tape player is on my bookcase.
My CDs are on the bookcase.
My dictionary is on the desk.
My keys are on the desk.
My clock is on the wall.
My air-conditioner is on the well.
My toys are on the bed.
My watch is on the desk.
My radio is on my table.
My clothes are in the wardrobe.
Global warming happen the earths heats up, this is obviously due to the rise in temperature.
An increase in world temperature caused by gases that stop heat from escaping into space.
For instance, key factors.
greenhouse.
Like carbon dioxide.
It is goes saying that :  A coin has two sides  .
Global warming have positive and negative affects.
On the one hand, Global warming may lead to plants quackily development.
On the other hand, it is harmful.
Firstly, Global warming may lead to temperature extreme wet and extreme dry.
Secondly, it can lead to shorter and warmer winters.
It is high time that we should take measures to solve global warming.
For example, Boosting energy efficiency and takes transportation.
Secondly, Rewing up renw ables and phasing out fossil fuel electricity.
Thirdiy, managing forests and agriculture.
More importantly, we should form the habit of saving energy in our daily life.
In the meantime, it is clear that are a lot of things that govern ments can do to prevent global warming.
Every day, I learn and communicate with my Chinese friends and we join in sport activities together.
In this journey, I have visited places of interest in Beijing and watched Peking Operas.
I have eaten Chinese traditional food which is so delicious that I cannot forget its taste forever.
I also knew about some Chinese history.
I enjoyed my first Spring Festival during the toor , too.
I like the life here very much.
As countries continue to deepen cultural exchanges, transnational marriage has become more common due to globalization.
Every coin has two sides.
They have different views on values, Lifestyle and religion.
In my opinion, I support transnational marriages.
I think marriage is the important to all people's life, people need to make a full psychological and material preparations.
I'm very happy to become a university student.
Some students think university students should pay enough attention to their academic performance.
They say the study is also very important.
However, some student have different idea.
They believe that communication ability is more important than academic performance.
They say knowledge is endless.
But, communication ability can help us solve most problem.
Communication ability also can help us make more friends.
In my opinion, communication ability is more important than academic performance.
But it doesn't mean that we university students can pay no attention to our study.
I think that university students have enough time.
On the one hand, some people thinks they have true love grow between pen pals or net friends who have never met each other.
Because love is a product of communication.
They can know about their pen pals or net friends by talk With each other.
They are not have some trouble.
And love feeds on mystery about each other.
I should have the ability to write the latest news, to analyse an event from a different angle, and to report responsibly for people.
The world is becoming better and better day by day, and the population is growing fast.
It causes many problems.
The first problem is about food and energy.
There isn't enough food or water in many countries with a large population, and the people there are poor and strave.
Second, the traffic is too much in some big cities.
The houses are few as well.
And many people don't have jobs because of the large population.
The last one is about the environment.
Our environment is becoming worse and worse.
The large population causes lots of serious problems.
when i came to my campus , Hope becomes disappointment, beacause in my mind.
i think my campus is very beautiful and large.
as far as i am concerned , we only saty here two years age luckly, but too much students will come here , they will live in our dormitory buildings.
they will have same problems with us.
we think, our campus can build again on our summer hoilday .
In my opinion, animals shouldn't be kept in zoos.
First, animals' homes are in the wild, they can live a free life, they can run, play and hunt whenever they want.
But in zoos, they have to be kept in a small area.
Second, many skills can be used in their wild lives.
They must use some skills to keep themselves alive.
They will lose their nature if they are in zoos because people just feed them and they need to do nothing.
Last but not least, it will affect the balance of the nature.
The environment will become worse if we catch lots of animals.
In order to make the world better, we should try our best to protect the animals.
We shouldn't eat the endangered animals, or it will die out.
We shouldn't pollute the environment, either.
My interest is playing basketball.
I want to have many friends in school.
I come from Dongguan city.
I am the only one boy form Dongguan city in my class.
I am fat not strong.
Every time I would shy and quiet.
But I want to have many friends in my future.
I can improve myself.
Though I am fat, I am not brave.
Just as men cannot be judged their look.
As the internet developing, there are more and more chatting ways in our life.
For example, qq and MSN.
They are new for us, and it is convenient for some people to make friends and to love.
There are many advantages on cyber love.
First, it is convenient for some people to make friends.
Second, we can communicate with more people, they can from far places.
third, they can be more authentic, because they have not met each other.
There are many disadvantages.
First, there are many tricksters, they may say something to take in you to meet them, then hurt you.
It is dangerous.
Second, there will be many difficulties between them.
I think true love can grow between net friends.
Frist, love is a product of communication.
Second, love feeds on mystery about each other.
In the electronic products' rapid development era, more and more college students are using telephone.
In the past we visited friends and relatives at regular times, but now, we seem to have no time, so we contact with each other by phones , and we all use phones .
Gradually, our minds change.
When we need help, we will find people who help us; but when other people need us, they cannot find us.
As time goes on, we lose much.
The most important, we should not become so selfish that other people cannot find us.
I am Li Hua.
I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to announce the beginning of the competition.
Firstly, the match is of great significant such as promoting the ability of listening , forming the the habit of reading.
Nowadays.
People have their unique ways to communicate with each other.
Network is one of the most popular measures.
Through mesh work.
People can meet different people that come from different field and different country even different nation.
As young blood.
We are easy to fall in love through communicating.
So cyber love become more and more prevalent.
Different people have different position.
I have a negative attitude towardS it.
Firstly, Network is visional.
We can not distinguish the authenticity of people's words.
secondly, partter is playing an important role in today society.
We could not make a decision in a moment but thinking twice.
Thirdly, cyber love always consist in different areas.
The U.
Reading is important to us.
First, reading will teach us how to be a justic man because we always follow what we read.
Secondly, reading can tell us how to write a good article.
Good sentences can be wirtten down in our eassys.
Thirdly, resding will make us to be a knowledgeable person.
They are like our parents to us.
Faced with the stress of examinations, some students feel dizzy, weak and sleepless.
Even some say they will lose their appetite before the examination is over.
Anxiety may be harmful to our health both physically and mentally, and here are some advice about how to deal with anxiety during your period of preparation.
First, keep your daily routines and be flexible with your schedule.
Second, taking a hot bath and drinking a bottle of hot milk every day can help you have a good sleep.
Then, make sure you have done review work well and filled the gaps in your study.
And thanks so concerned about our Party.
My favourite singer is the Soul singer, Her name is Yao Beina.
I admire her kindness and the spirit of fighting against death.
First month of school, I feel not fit, but you must speed integrate new studies styel.
The performances are exciting.
This winter holiday, I went to Beijing with my parents by train.
It's interesting to enjoy the scenery through the windows on the train.
When we arrived at the southern train station, it was 9:00 am.
We took the underground to Nanluo Guxiang.
Luckily, the subway of Beijing wasn't very crowded on that day.
Soon, we reached there.
Nanluo Guxiang is about 800 metres in length.
candy.
In the afternoon, we still went to Yuanming Yuan by underground.
After twenty minutes, we got to the gate of Yuanming Yuan.
We bought three tickts, and entered the big garden  .
There are three parts in it: Changchun Yuan, Wanchun Yuan and Qichun Yuan.
In fact, Qinghua Yuan is also part of Yuanming Yuan.
We went for a walk in it and we've felt traditional culture of Beijing.
In the evening, we went back to Tianjin by train.
Lixia likes traveling.
Last year, she went to London.
She went to there by plane.
The weather in London was wet.
She did something interesting, she visited lots of museums, and she took quite a few beautiful photos.
But she said the food in there was not delicious, she didn't like it at all.
Also, this year she traveled Beijing.
She took the train to Beijing, and it was cold.
She went to the Long Great Wall , Old place and Tian'an men square.
For lunch, she ate lots of delicious food.
Happy, sad , worried , excited.
  I'm Peng Mengni.
I think this can't be separable with our organizational right strategies.
  Yeah, maybe someone on the street like this to say hello to you.
You don't surprised.
Nowadays, Social Network Sites are very popular at home and abroad.
I have to admit that Internet bring us great influence.
Because of it, everyone has own views.
On hand, some people think Social Network Sites are benefit people communicate together.
Because people can find someone who have the same hobby and common language.
And they can talk to each other heart.
As for me, away from microblog is a difficult thing, I am microblog mania.
Along with the progress and innovation of science and technology, our life also are enjoying the convenience of technology.
First of all, on the one hand, the mobile phone is a very convenient product, we can use it in a very convenient and good friends and family communication and chat.
Secondly, on the other hand, the mobile phone also has a lot of bad places.
As everyone knows, in some meetings and activities now, everyone is took out his mobile phone to play their own, do not people to communicate.
There is a saying that said drag: The furthest distance in the world is me beside you, while you play a mobile phone.
So, mobile phone in the hand also obstructs the communication.
There is an increasing interest in dormitory life.
So I ask my classmates about it.
is useful.
Firstly they think it is useful for their future life.
for them.
On the other hand people do not have freedom.
My holiday was over.
Saying farewell to my Junior High school.
The High school is not stranger to me.
That's because it is part of my former school.
But when I saw it.
I found it is more beautiful than before.
Maybe it was only my thought.
I came into my classroom.
To my surprised , I saw a woman standing in front of the lectern and smiling to everybody.
I thought she was a very kind woman.
Without doubt I met many new friends, they are both friendly and enthusiastic.
My first best friend is a girl who is very cheerful.
The school sets a lot of interesting activity for us to choose.
My favourite activity is playing the guitar.
Put the mobile phone into the library, it has good place and bad place.
Bad place is that too rely on mobile phone will lose the meaning of reading and mobile phone's voice affect the surrounding people to read.
It can also realize the pleasure of reading is not disturb others.
Some of us think that it is better to see the film than to read the original work.
Someone likes reading the original work.
Success seldom arrives unannounced on your doorstep and break in , demanding that you accept it.
Entering the university not only means that we have gone through the teenage, but we are supposed to shoulder more responsibility as well.
Opportunities to get a well-paid job or a better platform to improve oneself are available to us , not to mention the conveniences and various social activities we can take advantage of.
In the university, i can have more free time to arrange my schedule.
First of all, we should spare no effort to equip us with knowledge, read more books, which is beneficial to broadening our horizon.
By joining the community service , we can share the same destination with team members.
After all, team spirit is of great significance.
I need an English editor.
The most important thing for them is to keep a good balance between part-time jobs and his study.
The more we think a person strong, the more we give him expectations and requirements.
For example, I like Liang Jingru because her songs make me comfortable.
She takes part in many competitions and always do a great job.
She won the gold metal in 2008 and became the most popular singer  .
She is outstanding, but no one knows how painstaking she is, she always practises her songs again and again, and plays them in all of the world.
We require water everyday.
But nowadays water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.
There must be lots of problems during our life.
During my life, I find I waste lots of water.
For example, I always wash my hands with lots of water; I always forget to close the tap when I wash my clothes.
As far as I am concerned lots of people have the same problem with me, so lots of water has been wasted.
First , we can save water by increasing the price of water, then people will use the water less.
Second, we can use the tap which can save water.
Teachers will do their best if you turn to them for help.
The same question always arise to many person.
Of course, many people would say yes two years ago.
The society has become more and more complex while people's hearts are full with ambitions and wealth.
The news has said that there was someone helped a senior who fell, but he was charged by the senior who said it was the man pushing him down.
The matter which reffered above was not happen by chance.
There are many things like that around us.
Helping each other is one of the most important morilities in China.
If all the people become cool and selfless, the society must be fritening.
So we should try our best to help the other.
However, wo must also learn to protect ourselves.
To build up a happy society, it needs our help.
Love is a vine that grows into our hearts.
We carefully as it watering and fertilizing .
It makes me experience the sour, sweet, bitter, hot.
Even so, we still let it spread in the heart .
I once loved a man may now also.
We know each other very young so as not to know how to obey and cherish each other .
and we all love painting .
His talent attracted me deeply.
we talked our dreams and reckoned with some Problems in painting .
But at the time the biggest problem we're facing is the age and distance .
filled with helplessness and tears .
Afterthat, my friend came to comforted me.
Love is a lamp, while friendship is the shadow.
mabe we all live in the past.
We take a minute to know someone, one hour to like someone, and one day to love someone, but the whole life to forget someone.
And yet for all that.never mind .
The Chinese are very generous in terms of education child, they can give the child love exhausted.
I have met a university student, the parents each week to come over to help the child wash his clothes and cleaning.
I can not help but sign, can never do so little things.
I think Chinese parents to the child the generosity of the education is not an option, there is certain blindness.
My name is Y.
So there is no doubt that I'm a lively gril.
Of course, I'd like to make friends and communicate with each other in the future.
I firmly believe that everyone wants to succeed in a job interview.
Of course, every question has its answer.
Firstly, generally speaking, it's very good to leave interviewer a profound impression.
Secondly, we'd better to arrive in the place on time or in advance.
Thirdly, As for the question they ask, it's enough to answer them one by one clearly and concisely.
Last but not least, As a proverb saying that  Courtesy costs nothing  .
But please don't misunderstand its real meaning.
Don't bribe interviewer with material things.
However, please knock at the door before you enter the room and greeting when you come into the room.
Besides, its great manners not to go mad or crazy when they reject you for this post.
On balance, an interview for a job is not only a test for your job, but is more a test for your abilities and your personalities.
So if your want to succeed in a job interview, you can try out my views.
Now people in growing numbers begin to realize the convenience of online shopping.
Good morning.
My name is M.
Now I will briefly introduce myself, I am twenty years old, born in X Province.
I graduated from S University.
My major is English education.
In my spare time I like drawing, singing and dancing.nevertheless, English is my favorite hobby.
I often go to English corner to practise my oral English on every weekend.
It can improve my English ability.
I spent most of my time to learn, I have been through CET4 / 6.
Of course, I want to get a job as an English teacher for today's interview.
I have enough confidence to do this job.
I am a very patient and motivated person.
I need a chance to prove myself.
I will do my best to do an excellent English teacher.
I hope that you can give me this precious opportunity.
hoeever, a lot of students don't have heathy.
Many students have a common problem.
We just need to click the mouse and use the credit card then it's accomplished.
For instance, go shopping outside with your friends is enjoyable.
It's a good method to make more friends.
If we shopping online, we may miss the enjoyment.
After graduate from senior high school many students becoming more and more lazy.
They stay out play computer games in evening for the most part and get up very late.
Sometimes, in order to sleep more they do not go to classroom study.
I think such life style is harm to health.
Eating disorder can cause many disease.
Student should regard study as their first task.
If the final exam you can not pass.
In my opinion, I think the first , college student should gut up ragular and have breakfast every day.
second we are spposed to go to have every class and regard study as the first things we should do.
The last but not least.
We should make a plan and save money.
My name is X.
I made a plan which is to go to the nursing house with my classmates to enjoy the Double Ninth Festival.
As I know that you like the Chinese festival very much so I want to invite you to go with us.
We will have many interesting things to do there such as make dumplings and have some performances.
I think you must be liked it.
Make dumplings is exciting and we can do it together.
I want to study English.
because English is very popular and useful.
Now more and more people start to learn Englih and it is a international language.
As a student, I need to learn and use it.
If I study it well, I will read some English articles and see some films.
Most important, I can use it to talk with foreign people.
Nowedays, many students do not pay attention to the English spelling .
I think it is because of the following tow reasons.
Firstly, many students think that take a good test scores , therefore they do not acquire knowledge from the examination.
As a freshman, l feel obviously the college life is different from the high school life.
Now we have more free time, we should spend our time on many meaningful things.
We can't waste time and we should make many things enrich ourselves.
In my opinion, we should continue to study hard in the college, because it relates our future development.
University is a place where offering many opportunities, student union is a good platform that gives us the chance to show ourselves.
Recently, the topic of studying abroad become so popular.
In my view, everything has two sides.
The advantage is that we can learn some different cultures and histories to make our life colorful, and we can also learn how to settle troubles alone in any times.
The disadvantage is that we will be confused sometimes when we choose something different about the culture and economy of two countries.
Because we are influenced by studying abroad and we will compare our national country with others.
My name is X. I am 20 years old.
I am a college student english department.
I am very happy.
If a foreign friend is coming to visit my hometown, I would take him to visit a beautiful mountain, called the Yellow Mountain.
First of all, the Yellow Mountain is one of the most famous mountain in China.
It lies in the south of Anhui.
Every year, thousands of chinese and foreigners pay a visit there.
It's not far from here.
In addition, while you are climbing the mountain, you can enjoy the sea of clouds, wondrous pines, and unique rocks around you.
In the early morning, when the sun rises, the sky looks very beautiful.
It's really a nice place to visit.
Based on the reasons above.
I'm sure he will enjoy the beautiful sights in the Yellow Mountain.
What's more, to my surprise, there are nearly 20 students on my class which is completely a big d iscrepancy to the ad.
Philippines is generally open when it comes to cloth and it's popular with young people.
Boracay Island can open you a comfortable experience.
So, the population of living in cities are also rising.
Even some cities' population have beyond what it can contain.
To make it more clearly, we can present some examples of problems caused by overcrowding.
will.
Because no formal site is easy to abuse our information , Often there are some virus to cause trouble for us .
In the degree of security antivirus software can wait to protect our information security.
Only in this way, we just enjoy the convenience brought by the network.
Hope we can do it, the more the better.
Everyone has a different feel for college life.
Some very satisfied to enjoy the freedom of college life.
However, others feel that college life is boring because they do not what to do in their free time.
In fact, everything has two sides, college life is no exception, the key is how to make full use of our college time, and turn it out to be rich and wonderful.
To be frank, when i first entered the campus of our college two years ago, I think our school is very beautiful and big, and people here are friendly and warm-hearted, I know my choice is not wrong.
I'm glad to be able to study and live together with my classmates nearly two years.
During the two years.
I find college life is differed from senior school life, especially we have no lessons on weekend in college life.
So I often do some part-time job to earn some money for my living expends in my spare time.
I can do anything which i am interested in.
I also have much more time to take all kinds of activitities, and we don't have to get up early in themorning.
What is more, My dormitory life is hamonious.
I think it is the most important in our college life.
There are also many foreign teacher in our school.
That is the advantages of college.
However, there are many students in our school, but there is only one dining room in our school, so we often need to wait in a long line, which waste much time.
In a short, my college life is rich and colorful, because I can make full use of my time in college, not only I can learn professional knowledge in the class but also make more friends and accumulate more working experience , so that we can find a good job after we graducated.
Nowadays, there are many problems on campus, the most serious I think is absent for class.
Most of the students may find many reasons for not going to class such as they're sick or other teachers ask them to do something else.
As a college student, even if we have more time to do after-school exercises, we still have to complete our task of study.
For one thing, the government should perfect the relevant law systems to crack down on those copycats .
According to the result of the survey, there are about twelve students spend less than 100 yuan in birthday.55 percent students ask their parents for 100 to 200 yuan for their birthday.200 to 300 yuan is cost by one fifth students.
In my opinion, I think it's normal that students spend no more than 200 yuan for their birthday.
I find out following reasons for why a few students need so much money for birthday.
First of all, they are likely to blindly compete with others.
They want to show off they are richer than their classmates and they think they are cool.
As for their parents, it's possible that they spoil their children.
I'd like to give some advice.
Students should get along well with classmates and stop blindly competing with them.
Parents had better not spoil their children any longer and love them properly.
I can do many things I can not do, for example : watching TV play the computer.
On the first day, I was so happy, so I got up so late, when I get up, I was map computer from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. then, I cooked for myself.
at 3p.m.
I wish you have a good time when our spring festival comes.
First, it in February the Chinese lunar calendar in january first.
It continues about half a month.
Every year has a special name, such as tiger year pig year and so on.
Second, the most important thing is that we must clean the rooms before tit comes.
AND we will visit our friends and families.
The growth of US export and the sustained appreciation of the US dollar lead to the rising trade deficits.
One of the most serious problem in front of the world is the global warming.
There are some reasons leading to the problem.
First, people cut down tress and forests freely.
Then, people burn things everywhere, even it is not allowed.
And people waste things out of control.
So, we should try our best to save things as much as we can.
We should encourage others to do so.
For example we could use more bikes or buses rather than cars.
And use less disposable chopsticks and so on.
If we do it, the stage will be better.
If we do not take any action, as the world will become warmer and warmer, the water level will rise.
When i know the teaching online at first time, I had questions about the validity of this instructional medium.
Teaching online also required rethinking how i deliver the subject matter.
My daughter gave me a learning experience.
She never spoke in class.
When the online class bagan, it's better than i had expected.
The students followed directions well.
It seemed to work best with students who were very comfortable with the computer and willing to become part of a community built around the subject matter.
Nowadays, a splendid house is no longer the only sign of one's wealth, instead, owning a private car has become another symbol of property and social status.
But simultaneously, many problems have been produced with the popularity of private cars.
A hot issue today is whether private cars should be encouraged in China.
There is no doubt that private cars have brought tremendous benefits to our daily life.
But I think it's impractical to encourage them in China and my reasons are as follows.
To start with, to the government, the countless traffic jams, which are mainly caused by the boom of private cars, have largely increased their economic cost of regulating traffic.
Furthermore, to every single Chinese people, the poisonous gas released by cars has done a lot of harm to our health.
In a nutshell, although possessing a private car is most Chinese people's dream, it's not proper to promote private cars so soon.
My school is at F.
I like My class room best.
Because it's because.
It's not great, but is very clean.
there is blacboard behind the wall of the classroom, it is used to make the blackboard At Christmas time, the balloon will hung our classroom lamp, will have to buy the paper-cut and origamiglass.
My classmates also like where.
  read what you can understand without having to look up words in a dictionary (but not what you can understand at a glance); read what interests you; read what you have time for (magazines and newspapers rather than novels unless you can read the whole novel in a week or so); read the English written today, not 200 years ago; read as much as you can and try to remember the way it was written rather than individual words that puzzled you.
With the development of social economy and the growing needs of people, the goods on the market is also increasing.
Meanwhile, the market competitiveness among the manufacturers is becoming bigger and bigger.
The reasons are as follows.
First of all, as we know, a beautiful package of the goods can catch the customers' eyes, especially girls.
Secondly, it could sell a high price because people think that it has a high quality.
In my opinion, excessive packaging wastes lots of resources.
So I think the manufacturers should reduce the packaging material.
Nowadays, we always advocate environmental protection.
So we should do something for it.
In addiction, it can save the cost.
What's more, the manufacturers can recover the valuable products wastes such as the bottle, the box and so on.
When you walk on the street, something, namely continuous strident trumpet from cars, fierce clamor of factory machinery and sharp humming of a drill, may keep screaming in your ears.
I believe that they also desire freedom like us, love the time playing with their friends, wants to live with their family happily but not live in small cages, full of training everyday.
. Nowadays more and more people become taking care of animals, we should also care about animals in hundreds and thousands of circuses, some of them may be old, some of them may be sick.
One day, Madam C.
LiXia Loves travel around the world.
Last year, she went to London.
She went to there by plane.
When she arrived there, she felt very excited.
The weather there was very wet and it often rain so she has to bring an umbrella when she went out.
In London, LiXia visited many museums and learn a lot about history.
Everything in London was wonderful but the food there was not delicious.
This year, she went to Beijing by train.
Beijing is the capital of China and it's in the north of China so the weather there was very cold.
Beijing is a city with a long history.
She went to the Great Wall, the Palace Museum and the Tian'anmen square.
The food there was delicious.
As time advance, food safety becomes a serious problem in our daily life.
Because of more and more people care about how to keep a healthy body.
There is an old saying that, the body is the revolution capital.
Government should carry out a series of policies to guarantee people's food safety.
People should improve sense of personal hygiene, such as before having meals.
Last time you told me that you felt bored, you want to read something but you were confused that you had no idea on reading what kind of books.
Nowadays, people don't like to study anymore.
Different people have different answers.
This kind of books let us know and experience life indirectly, improve our appreciation of the beauty and raise our spirit.
Literature and arts have some potential effects on people.
Through these books, we can know how a society runs, and how to get along with others.
This kind of books help us to know ourselves better, to be optimistic when face the frustration, and to keep independent.
This kind of books are very useful.
I think the most happy thing in the world is reading.
In the picture , the mother gives a book to her boy.
We may know that the mother wants her boy to read book and make him know the importance of reading literature.
As we all know, books are the ladder of human progress.
Reading literature will make us know more and let us think more.
More importantly, reading more can help us solve problem.
That is to say, we can learn much knowledge from literature.
What's more, reading books can change our thoughts.
When we are face with some problems, we may don't know how to do them.
But if you read too many books, you will know how to do them.
However, reading literature can enrich our lives.
Since that, I fell in love with it and I watched it for no less than five times.
The figures in there were so amazing and lovely.
Hello, I am your tour guide.
Thank you very much to take part in our summer camp.
However, there are the following, hope to pay attention to: first of all, living in local families be polite, don't talk loudly.
Because it will seem very impolite.
In recent years, problems related to food safety have been making consumers panic.
Illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives and pesticide pollution, and so on.
It is already common occurrence and most people suffer from physical and property damage.
I am of the view that there are many ways to improve food safety awareness.
I will talk about how I was doing.
Don't eat food on a roadside stall.
We must eat food after heating.
Do not drink tap water.
Heating is the most method in the instruments.
Just as the saying goes Actions speak louder than words.
In the wake of the development of science techology, more and more families have computers, which brings in a lot of conviences for us.
In my opinion, firstly, we rely too much on computers which might makes us more lazy than before.
For example, we might be unwilling to write some articles by ourselves but to cope some ready-made ones by computers.
Secondly, it might takes up most of time we spared.
So we have less time to go out and relax ourselves.
And it is bad for our eyes.
Last but not least, it makes us have less communicate with relatives and friends.
Because I can talk with the foreingers .
And I can also make more friengs on the Interner by English .
While my English is not well.
but, I would try my best to learn it.
Now I have reached out to English for 7 years .
Nowadays, reading becomes a global hobby.
As far as I concerned, reading is an art.
Just like Hans Hofmann said, ''Art and science create a balance to material life and enlarge the world of living experience.
Art leads to a more profound concept of life, because art itself is a profound concept expression of feeling.
Indeed, reading is a marvellous way to broaden our horizon.
But every coin has two sides.
Whereas, some others think that the most important way to obtain knowledge is to practice.
It's not wrong, for we all have the social skills to explore the world.
The more we read and practice, the more we get from life.
Therefore, no matter which way you use, the most suitable one for you is important.
Mr.
Miss Susan Hobson has been worked in my office as a secretary for the pass two years.
During her job, she was not only work very hard, but also devoted to her duty.
She has a warm heart and She is an honest woman.
She is good at English and German and she can speak them fluently.
Her kind will let every one love her .
As the development of the sociaty , many people pay more attention to the all kinds of activities adout the art so as to ensure we can be more perfect by putting ourselves into them.
First, i think the various activities should be held to all the teachers and students in the campus.
Second, since most of us are the teenergers, we are so curious about the world that we are in the urgent need for some one to guide us .
therefore, some lectures are the best choice for us .
various activities is not must but aslo meaningful.
There are many people who have with us through the stages of life in our life.
So I love everyone around me, but the family play a role in the whole life of someboady.
Firstly, I love my mother.
She is kind-hearted and forgiving.
She would always give advice and comfort of patience.
Secondly, I love my father, too.
So I love dad.
Thirdly, my brother is very learned.
He is my set a good example for me.
Every time, I am in the trouble, he always help me overcome difficulties.
At last, I think everyone has someone you love most.
My name is X.
My phone number is 100000000.
My qq number is 30000003.
My friend is Mary Green.
Her phone number is 420-347-889.
Her qq number is 300002.
I come from China.
Mary Green is from USA.
I like orange.
strawberry.
Peach and grape.
Mary Green like's strawberry.
This is my first time away from home for more than three months, To tell the truth really is extremely homesick.
After three hours of travel, I finally returned home.
There is an old saying  Action speak louder than words  When i was a child, my father told me to bear this in mind.
I considered it's no use bearing this in mind.
In my youth, an experience was to change my whole outlook on life.
I was told to be a volunteer to help children in an orphanage.
It's conspicuous to me that i am enabled to do that.
For my teachers' high expectation on me, I determined to put great value on learning how to take care of children and make them feel my love.
Heading Internet to search for the knowledge about taking care of children, I spent all my spare time.
College life actually has affected me a lot.
I felt dizzy and didn't know which rod I was at the end of.
It was a strong feeling of everything was as it always had been, that the years were a mirage and there had been no years.
In those other summer times, all motors were inboard; and when they were at a little distance, the noise they made was a sedative, an ingredient of summer sleep.
Sleep would come easily and in the morning the red squirrel would be on the roof, tapping out his gay routine.
Then the kettle drum, then the snare, then the bass drum and cymbals, then crackling light against the dark, and the gods grinning and licking their chops in the hills.
As he buckled the swollen belt suddenly my groin felt the chill of death.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
We found that forty percent students always stay at home to study.
It's a good way to learn well.
Watching TV and listen to music are popular.
Twenty percent of us often talk on QQ or play the computer games.
Most students use it just for fun and not for homework.
For housework there are only ten percent of us help with parents.
And joining the sports activities are few too only five percent.
Nowadays, job hopper is a hot topic.
In our times, the phenomena that some young people change their jobs very frequently.
about the phenomena.
Someone one tell me that working conditions can affect their job satisfaction.
job.
Others tell me that they have a sharp relationship with their workmates, they can not get along well with their peers.
Many people think that money is everything.
their own job.
By contrary, if their salary is low, they will give up their jobs and find a new job.
The solution to solve the problem is that our attitude.
satisfaction.
We all know that attitude is everything.
If you find a job, you should stay in the post where you are and be happy.
and insist on doing it.
Never give up, that is our spirit.
Do not be a job hopper.
Do not let obstructions become your evasions.
At first, everyone should learn about the important of the the safety in the school.
Then, we ought to take good care of our health in doing sports.
Finally, as a student we have problems with other students, we should keep calm and think that everyone can lose matches and has bad days.
If you can think it, you will understand each other.
As we all know, internet is widely used in our daily life.
On the country, there are many disadvantages of it.
First, mang people absurt into compurter games result in work loss; second, a lot of guilt use the internet to spread false imformation and many people cheatted.
In my point of view, internet have advantages and dis advantages, why not we make full use of it is good and stay far away from it is bad.
With developing of the computer , more and more people are used to chatting on the inetrnet and paying all kind of games .
Or using inetrnet looked througt different books.
It is important for us that we learn something .
we can learn news both at home and abroad and all kind of information.
we can also send messages by e-mail, make phone call.
On the net , we can enjoy music, watch sports matches and all kind of movie stars.
And we can even go shoping , have a chat with others by QQ and RenRen.
The computer can be affected by viruses.
In my viwe , we shuold use inetrnet on the right place.
Cowherd and Weaver's story we should have heard it.
This is a traditional Chinese myth.
I think this is a sad but also very beautiful fairy story.
I think Cowherd and Weaver is happy.
Because they finally be able to gather together, although only once a year opportunity.
They come once a year reunion is not easy, it is the result of joint efforts of many magpies, they use their bodies barricaded a bridge of magpies, so that the tow ends of the galaxy they can meet.
TO celebrate their reunion, the world will have a holiday Valentine's Day  .
Cowherd together in heaven, earth lovers together.
On this day lovers will celebrate together this wonderful evening.
The most primitive way of exchange should be the barter trade.
But it is inefficiency.
In the early days, almost anything could qualify as money: beads, shells and even fishing hooks.
Banks later issued notes in exchange for gold deposited with cash.
Finally, governments of today adopted the idea and began to print paper money, backed by gold for the country's use.
We can at home to buy goods from all over the world .
In addition, these goods are very cheap so that most of the people can burden it.
However, it also has many disadvantages.
For example, we cannot contact goods directly.
In my opinion, we shuold take the Online Shopping seriously.
exam , person can get civil service job, become civil servant.
Person take civil service exam is to get a security job.
time to do the thing that oneself like.
Everyone has their own dreams I am the same as them.
I have a beautiful and great dream.
When I was 5.
I took a trip with my parents.
On the way, I looked outside.
To my surprise that there was something white covered all the sky.
  My mom smiled and replied:  It's factory smoke.
It can make too much pollution and even bad for us.
Suddenly, I cried sadly.
China's environment is very bad you know.
I suppose the most crucial that we should play a role saving our nuture'senvironment.
I am strong and tall.
We have a lot in common, but there are some different.
we both like playing basktball, because play baskerball is very interesting.
We sometimes play basketball in my free time whit my cousins.
And I like cleaning my room.
Some people think do chore is so boring, but I think do chores can help us become independent, so I like cleanging my room.
But in my free time, I like reading books best.
Reading can help us study, it is important for me to learn English.
I always read with my mother in my free time.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall, but Wang Lingling has long straight hair, and Liu Lili's hair is shorter than Wang Lingling.
And Their's hobies are different too.
Wang Lingling likes reading, but Liu Lili likes sports, they are both popular and outgoing.
But Wang Lingling is serious, Liu Lili is funny.
In school, because Liu Lili is smarter than Wang Lingling, so, Wang Lingling is work harder than Liu Lili.
They are both have good gread.
They said:  we are best friend forever.
It is more than one year since I came to TYUT.
To be honest, I was totally in a daze when I knew the serious situation as a graduate major in English.
Until now, gradually I lose my interest in English and get frustrated.
I know it's a wrong attitude.
Exactly, we should have a balance between study and entertainment.
To be an excellent student, basically, I think when it's time for class, we can't be absent for class and listen carefully.
And in my spare time, I will go to the study room to do my homework and what's more, I will read all kinds of books to widen my vision.
At times I will study other subjects such as laws, politics and so forth.
To have an unforgettable life in college, I insist I must play properly.
To build a strong body, I will spare efforts to try different kinds of sports.
When free, I will play basketball and I can swim in the sports gym.
In addition, I will also play computer games to relax.
The last but not least, as you know, friendship is one of the most important feelings in our lifetime.
So I will make a good relationship with my friends.
To sum up, college is such a place that you can build up your personality and study more knowledge and make many friends.
A better future is based on endeavor and sweats.
Secondly, TianJin is really different from Amercia whatever weather or culture.
Although TianJin close to the sea, it'salso very hot in summer, and freezing in winter.
For culture, TianJin's traditional atmospher is more strong than China town in Amercia.
Thirdly, there are some information about our class following.
There.
are.50 students in our class which contain different kinds of boys and girls who are active or shy.
To me, I think the vital book is Jane Eyre which impressed on me extremely.
In this book, I realized so active a girl like her for the first time, to begin with, she believes that she meets a precious love, but in the end, the playboy says part to her, when Jane Eyre hearts this news, she doesn't persist pursuing this love.
I am sorry to tell you that I will leave at once.
My mother gave me a phone number three minutes ago, and told me that my grandmother was ill seriously.
She is missing me and eager to see me as soon as possible.
I intended to tell you face to face , but you are giving a speech now.
Please take good care of yourself when I am away .
Wish you could get good grades .
A questionnaire on ways of obtaining information indicates that almost 72 percent people get information from the television, and that only 12 percent know the world affairs through the newspaper.
There are varieties of reasons accounting for my opinion.
On the one hand, the reportage expresses more deeply than news on TV, because the latter emphasizes the objectivity of those events, other than, there are many subjective views and evaluations in the former.
On the other hand, you can read newspapers whenever you please, such as read while eating breakfast, what's more, you can even scan it when you wait for the bus.
Altogether, the newspaper is a ideal way for us to gain information.
Nowadays, many people talk about the wealth and health , different people have different opinions about it .
Some people suppose that the wealth is more important than health , they said if we don't have money , we can't make our body healthy.
The others think the health plays a important roal in our life .
I agree with this opinion .
Because if we have a strong body , we can do everything, we can earn much money, the healthy is the first condition for our wealth .
It would be very fun , so , I invite you to go nuring house with me .
we will leave at 7:00 am , when we arrive there , we will have a party to make old people have fun , including take some shows .
More and more people want to be government employees with the purpose of having a stable job.
It's important for people to be a government employee that he should keep optimistic in work.
Faced with different people and proving service for them.
Employees who must have enough patience.
As for a government employee should do things benefit for people.
Only change your identity to others did find a suitable way solve problems for people.
It's necessary for government employees to be warm-hearted and responsibility attitudes.
Only people to do this side, then, it makes sense of government to set a civil service exams.
The civil exams which is provided through government.
That can solve problems as a way.
If you think you are good enough to be a government employee.
Recently, with development of technology, more and more business excessive packaging, but it is unreasonable.
In addition, more good than harm, the first of all, excessive packaging waste resources and pollution of the environment, it's the must effective method of rubbish.
Second, for companies, in reality, doing so can increases costs.
Pictures have their advantages .
So we still need words to illustrate.
We imagine the scene according to pictures but can not feel what the writer feels.
We have only one Earth, so please protect it.
But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.
People catch some fishes and put rubbish into the lake and sea to pollute the water and water is important to all of us.
The fish is fewer and fewer in the water.
People put rubbish into the ground to pollute the land and catch some animals.
The animals are fewer and fewer.
People cut down more and more trees every day.
It is to destroy the forest and the animals can't go their home.
We have only one Earth.
We should protect the Earth.
The Earth provides food, air and water for us.
Earth is a beautiful place.
With the intention of getting along well with people surrounded, not only do you need the ability to express, but also the skill of listening.
Generally speaking, listening can clear the atmosphere between each other, which can contribute to the relationships.
Two years ago, Peter and I took part in a robot manufacture.
I tried my best to prepare for the game, but Peter was not playing hard enough.
I was so annoyed and accused him of being so lazy.
Besides, I made some bad comments about him, and lately he got annoyed too and it soon became a fierce argument, which led to an one-hour-silence of two of us.
Afterwards, I thought I was wrong and felt guilty, so I made an apology to him.
He listened to me quietly with a smile without saying a word and lately he expressed his feelings and expectations to me.
Through the conversation, he cleared the air, knowing that I just wanted him to be focused.
We agreed on the main point of the issue.
Meanwhile we had restored our relations between each other, which encouraged us to devot ourselves into the work together and eventually it turned out that we did well in the game.
In summary, listening quietly can benefit us and improve the relationship between each other.
Only in this way can we know each other and be honest, which contribute to success and achievements.
As the proverb says, the good way is the half of success.
Learning English is difficult.
But if you get hold of a good way to study English, learning English will be easy.
I practiced all the time.
I carried a little dictionary with me everywhere I went, as well as a notebook in which I listed any new words I heard.
I made many, something embarrassing, mistakes.
Once in a while I carried out of frustration, and something I felt like giving up.
But I did not feel intimidated by students who spoke faster than I did because I took all the time I needed to thing out my ideas and wrote a reply before posting it on the screen.my teacher know my situation.
She told me a way.
I followed her way.
Every morning, I get up early and read English book.
In the evening, I revise something that I have studied that day and finish assignments on time.
In peacetime, I can see some articles about English in order to improve my feel for language.
Finally, my English have a great improvement.
I also can communicate with my foreign teacher and make friend with my foreign teacher.
Wang Lingling' best friend is Liu Lili.
they are both tall, but Wang Lingling has long straight hair, Liu Lili has short straight hair.
and there hobbies are different, wang Lingling likes reading, but Liu Lili likes sports.
both Wang Lingling and Liu Lili are outgoing, Wang Lingling is more serious than her friends, Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling, she usually tell some interesting stories for her classmates.
and Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili in school, Liu Lili is smarter than Wang Lingling.
Different people have different ways of life .
Some people prefer to get up early in the morinig and start the day's work .
Others prefer to get up late in the morning and work until late at night.
These people who get up early can make full use of the morning time to take exercise, it's beneficial to their body and mind.
As long as they continue doing so, they will be very healthy.
As we all know that the morning time is the best period for memorizing.
So with the same time we can remember more new words.
What's more, getting up early can contribute to building a harmonious family.
In a family, if you always get up early, your husband or your wife will think you are responsible , diligent and thoughtful.
On the whole, I prefer to getting up early in the morning and start the day's work.
AS the time went by .
More and more students into the university, so there are many problems in collage students.
For example, many students are addicted to online games , sleep lately and cost much money .
Many collage students have unhealthy habits which cause collage students worst and worst.
If collage students are addicted to games , they can lose their learning ability .collage students are country's flowers and hopeless .
If collage students can't lose their unhealthy habits , our country will become worse very much .
Before winter comes, most plants will die, but not the true die, they will get new live last spring.
Some animous will fall in asleep, such as beer, frog, snake and so on.
They will staying sleeped for a whole winter.
How clever they are.
In his life, his true portraiture is the sentence which he says:  honesty and diligence should be your eternal mates.
In china, many Chinese brands can not owe their own core technology, so they are controlled by foreign erterprises.
At first, You can consult your friends, relatives and neighbors.
Because they can offer many useful information to you, this way have proved very effective.
The second way, you can read the classified newspapers which have register about job opening.
Last but not least, you can make use of the recruitment agency and log on to the internet.
Now many people like to buy things online.
They think it is more convenient than buying them at the shops , and it is cheaper, too.
But there are also a lot of downsides, for example, we sometimes buy something that can not be used for a long time.
Every coin has two sides.
So I think if we shop online in a right way, it can help us a lot.
For example, we can check the imformation of what we will buy carefully.
If we buy something that is broken, we should ask the seller to give us another one.
However, my father was so busy that he forgot to set the alarm clock.
way, I realy was late for school.
After arriving there, I was only to find that it didn't turn to our class.
Luckily and unluckily, I did know what I had did was wrong.
the successful people have a strong will power of heart.
Now, more and more college students is confusing in college life.
though mang college students want to study hard.
in order to to future graduation of time can find a better job.
but, most of them give up their goal.
beacuse they are lack of strong will.
With a strong will.
we will be able to deal with any situation in our life.
whatever we do , as long as stick to and do not give up easily.
For another, they can also get financial reward and working experience as well.
Furthermore, students can make some money, which helps to unload their families' financial burden.
And the priest began to announce the pledges.
It will be a happy time .
The priest announces they become couple .
Of overworking your muscles to the point where metabolic waste products.
Recently, medical technology becomes the most popular.
Last week, my parents went to mountain Yunmen with me.
It is famous for the Character  shou  .
We also took lots of photos.
In recent years, it has become a heated topic whether the government should establish free libraries in each town or not.
The reason why the government should take this measure lies in several aspects.
On the one hand, as is known to all, It is no denying that there exists some corruptions inside of the government department.
So why don't the government put money on establishing free libraries for us.
Although the government may spend much money in establishing it, we can get many benefits from reading books.
On the other hand, in modern society, more and more people get hooked on Internet reading.
However paper articles are replaced by Internet reading.
Providing that the government establish free libraries in each town, people will go to the libraries for learning and reading.
From these two points of mine, I draw a conclusion that the government should establilsh free libraries in each town.
Only in this way can we read more books rather than rely on Internet.
As we all know, books provide the readers with so much information and facts.
Reading books is beneficial to our character development, especially reading classics.
There is no doubt that reading is a process of accumulation, which may not guarantee them short-term return but will bring themfar-reach reward.
Reading classics can broaden our horizons in many aspects and we can enjoy an enriching experience from it.
What's more, reading classics is helpful for us to lay a solid foundation for our future development.
Classics are kinds of treasure to a nation.
As college students, we should be fully aware of the essential role the classics play in our life.
Therefore, we should devote more time to reading classics and form a good habit to reading classics every day.
Protein is a substance which enable human bodies to develop healthily.
Some proteins are manufactured by the bodyitself but most of them are obtained from food eaten.
Since not all kinds of food contain proteins we need, only a well-balanced diet can provide necessary protein.
We must eat enough meat, beans and milk which contain many proteins to avoid lower immunity, memory decling or tiredness.
Some people also eat Protein Power, but they dislike it, because it dosen't taste good.
The Protein Power cannot instead of food, and too much.
Protein is not good for health.
To grow up properly, a child must have enough protein in the baby, which the child absorbs from milk, eggs, fish and beans.
Elderly people also should have enough protein to protect them from cold, osteoporosis and memory decling.
However, protein is not the only thing the body needs.
My name is W, and you can call me Devil.
I come from Q Province.
I live a happy life.
Because my parent and my brother love me very much.
Without doubt, I love my family either.
I'm a confident, honest, easy-going reactive and friendly girl.
So, I like making friends with other.
And I have many friends.
I have long black hair, not beautiful face and two smiling-eyes.
I like sport, such as playing badminton, table tennis, tennis and so on.
Taking exercise regularly is good to keep fit.
Moreover, I like listening to music and playing tricks with others.
Welcome to understand me.
Hello Jim, I'm J.
There's a news that I want to tell you.
It is a Dragon Boat Training Camp that I plan to join.
And I prefer to go with you rather tthan go by myself.
The camp include many exercise.
Looking forward to join us.
We gather in our high school and don't forget at 8:00 in the morning.
Reading faster is a skill in terms of people .
At first, it is necessary to master a good vocabulary for fastreading.
The longer it takes for you to recognise and interpreter the definition of a word, the longer it will take you to apply it to the total meaning of the phrase.
if you have a good vocabulary in the social studies area , you will read material in the subject much faster than an area such as science.
In addition, establishing a purpose for reading to help you control your speed and pay attention to comprehensing.
When you know why you are reading and what you warn to learn from your reading, you can adjust your rate to fit your needs.
You can attempt to establish a purpose or goal for reading, this i do in serveral ways, depending on the material.
Sometimes you can read the questions found in the text, if there are any, and than uses them as a guide.
Eventually it is vital that you have more than one type of comprehension.
There are literal understanding, critical understandig and aesthetic understanding.
I often respect my classmate's opinion and find why our opinion are different.
If I was wrong I would chenge my opinion until it was right.
Why I want to do this.
Because I know the right thing is only one.
Hello.
My name is Jimmy.
There are my mother my father and I in my family.
My father always washes the plates and cleans the kitchen.
But my mother cleans the kitchen better than my father.
I sometimes clean the floor and I usually iron clothes.
At weekends we usually have a picnic and take some beautiful photos in the park and we always have a good time.
I suppose that there are many reasons.
First, with the social development, more and more electron product has been appear and many parents want to make their children'study much better who would like to buy it for them, so that the children depend on the electronic dictionary seeks vocabulary.
Second, as a student who wouldn't like to spends much time in spelling, because they need to do more homework.
In order to change the situation, I think that we shouldn't look down upon spelling.
electron dictionary can help us to improve our English study but give it up.
In China, Spring Festival is the most important festival.
It's to celebrate the lunar calendar 's new year.
Every year, I spend Spring Festival with my family.
Once I thought it would always be same.
But I can get different pleasure in fact.
Before the Chinese New Year, I helped my mum do housework.
We put up paper cuts on windows.
This year the government banned setting off firecrackers.
As a result, I didn't the sound of firecrackers before Chinese New Year's Eve.
On the next day, I breathed fresh air out of doors.
My mum told me, that we must set off firecrackers on the fifth of the first lunar month to throw out poverty.
The spring festival is almost over.
In recent years, the problem of the food safety is becoming more and more attention by people.
Nowadays our attention was focused on the food safety.
Illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives and pesticide pollution are full of our life.
It is the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she shows.
On the morning, we took the coach to the Penlai.
First, in the classroom, teacher always talk and students always listen.
Students nearly don't argue questions on teachers.
Nice to meet you Wang Li.
Learning English is a good way to improve your culture level.
Remembering new words isn't a easy thing.
I believe, if you remember them by heart and do it just like i tell you.
Mr.
Welcome to Beijing Zoo.
pandas, elephants and camels.
The tiger lives in Asia.
It usually lives alone.
It is strong and catches many kings of animals for food.
It eats grass and leaves, but it doesn't eat meat.
ilives Africa and eats leaves.
The pandas come from China.
Their favourite food is bamboo.
lives in Africa and in Asia.
It eats plants ang a little fruit.
As can be seen from the table, about 68% students will turn to their classmates and friends when in trouble.
They think they are at the same, so they can easily understand and communicate with each other.
They consider that they are kind and experienced.
They can be belief.
However,12% students have no body to turn to.
They do not like to talk to others.
Everyone wants to make a good impression when he or she makes friends with somebody or attends a banquet or does something else.
But we do not do it well.
Here, i know three tips on how to make a good impression.
First, when you meet someone, you must be kind and nice.
Surely, you should be polite when you talk with him.
Second, if you made an appointment with someone, you should be punctual.
You ought to explain for it honestly once you are late.
Third, when you go out together with others, you can be enthusiasm and positive.
Offering your help before asked for.
It give us many ways to slove our life problem.
Firstly, People can though the Internet commuicate with eachother.
Besides, Though Internet commuication we can study.
Some social experience and learn about many people's character.
Every thing has two sides.
As far as I'm concerned, though Internet commmuicate can improve our communication ability, and seed many people , but we must point clear what is right and what is wrong.
I have a prefect dream.
It can make me rich.
It can make me happy , and it can make me laugh.
to be a pilot .
I think this job is interesting and fun, but it isn't easy.
It's a few difficult , but it doesn't metter, because I love this job very much.
If I want to be a pilot.
I will have a healthy body and a healthy diet .
If we want to have a healthy body.
We must do exercise .
If we want to have a healthy diet.
  So if I do it.
Our society is changing every day because new technicals are used to our lives constantly.
On the one hand, there are some advantages as we know.
E-book help people save time when people want to search for their books quickly, they can use E-book.
Besides, no matter where to go people can take e-book with them.
Due to the e-book is portable .
At the same time , people can see e-book no matter when they want .
Apart from this, a great deal of messages can be stored in the e-book.
However , the information in the book is limit.
Last but not the least, e-book is good for environmental protection .
It doesn't make from trees.
So this help reduce the tree cutting down.
On the other hand, e-book does harm on eyes.
People can't see e-book for the long time.
In my opinion, it will be necessary for people to own e-book in the future.
Even though some disadvantages we can't bear, e-book may be improved and updated well in the future.
It will change our lifestyle and make our lives more convenient and colourful.
my name is X, Im twenty yers, I lean English in D , I want to be a volunteer at this international meeting.
And I think I can do it weel, because I lean english weel and I can talking with others, The most importment is I can get along weel with other, and I have do it some time .
f habit , for example I like listen English music , and watch some film .
And I am very like to help others , I think it can bring ohers happy.
At this time I am happy also .
If I becom a volunteer I think I can do it , at the same time I can lean a lot .
I want you can give me a chance to show myself .
I hope your repaly .
My telephone namber is 1581.
Some people say that books are the ocean of knowledge, reading can make people progress.
Some people think that life is a need to practice, however, only through constant practice and summarizes the human progress.
In my side there are many such people, they study very hard every day in reading and studying, as if fell into the world few and far between.
I want to argue that now is the time for us to make a major shift in our opinions.
In an emailed statement on Wednesday, ConocoPhillips China said its workers quickly addressed the leaks and that there was no apparent impact on wildlife, fishing or shipping activities.
Of course, the underground may not have cave; Chris took his son in the shop in the bathroom toilet crouched on the floor.
Clutching the ear not let his son to hear the noise outside the door flapping sound, that is the only thing he has the ability to protect the son.
This is expected to achieve real determination.
Everyone has the right to dream, but very few people really hard to put it into reality, the success of those few people, is the envy of the strong, wise, our practitioners, when we for their great achievements greatly, have not thought about, in fact we like them, are like that dream, but we easily give up, we see the brilliant achievements they have achieved, while ignoring the process of success, walking in the way of pursuing the dream is full of setbacks, happiness and future can also hide them.
Don't ever let somebody tell you can do something, if you get a dream, you gotta protect it.
First of all, I would like to say love is not an ordinary thing.
It's not optional, but when it begins, you will realize.
Love is probably the most trivial question, and it is a hard question to answer.
Most important of all, love means to care, to protect, to look after, to pray for, and to make sure the people you love are happy.
However, in my opinion, those are just constituent parts of love, but not love itself.
Besides, I don't believe that love is a relation, but more of a heart-to-heart conversation.
Love has a meaning which we will never recognize.
In our daily life, we are experiencing many kinds of love.
When a person falls in love with another person in their adolescence, their love is infatuation, which is considered as puppy love.
Another kind of love is the love of family.
Love of family is loving your mother, your father and your relatives.
You intend to protect them, look after them, and fill their lives with infinite joy.
The parents have an innermost love for their children which they express to their children every day.
Finally, I would like to say something about the love between friends.
For me, a friend is a loving companion at all times.
George Gordon Byron, who was known as a Bdritish poet, said, Friendship is love without his wings.
In a word, love is a heart-to-heart conversation.
As is known to all, cheating is quite common on campus, what is worse, it is increasing.
Above all, we students should learn to develop good habits.
The exam is just a way to check what we have learned and find where we are weak, from which we can benefit a lot.
Then, teachers can try different methods to stimulate their interest.
Sudents can learn more efficiently.
It requires a lot to Eliminate Cheating on Campus.
However, children who grow up in their parents spoiling just as the flowers that live in the greenhouse, and they cannot stand any trials and hardships.
Second, when the children encounter some problems, parents may teach them how to solve rather than work them out.
With the development of the economy, it is important to protect the environment.
Now more and more people buy cars, because it is convenient.
However, cars lead to air pollution.
I see many people dump garbage into river, it leads to water pollution.
As far as I am concerned, protection of the environment has become a major concern of society.
We should take actions to protect our Earth that we live.
  You only need to know if you are gold you will shine everywhere.
Switzerland is situated in central Europe, where is bordred by Germany to the north, France to the west, Italy to the south, and Austria to the east.
What's more, Switzerland spanning an area of 4.1 spuare kilometers .
Althought Berne is the captain of Swit, Geneva is the city where is the most famous city to be found in the word.
Of course, as a developed country, Switzerland watches, chemical and food industry developed.
Today, I was review my lessons.
My roomate Jason was watching a football match online.
He was cheering for his favourite team.
But his voice was too big, so I couldn't concentrate.
you're too noisy.
  And Jason said:  Sorry, I will.
A few minutes later, his sound was big again.
So I was angry.
And with great effort , I finally fulfilled my dream and became a internist.
I think the skill of learning is necessary for life of college.
Because learning is the ladder of human's improvement.
Life is a process to overstep.
I believe that the people all like to make progress.
In addition that the college is an important chance to advanced study.
For our eager life, we must study hard.
It is that the only way led to successful.
She is teller than me but she than I fet.
She is very shy, but her achievement is very good.
She has two big eyes and long brown hair.
She is very funny.
She has a sister, but she didn't like her.
She said: my sister is no good to your friends.
And following are some harms about the fake commodities.
First, the fake commodities can influence many people's sense of trust for the society, gradually, more and more people can double everything what they buy from supermarkets or other places.
In brief , it can bring an illness of the mind.
For example , many fake commodities seriously threaten our health ; besides , many fake materials have made many floors topple down and made many innocent lifers disappear, so I also hate the people who sell fake commodities.
Thirdly, the fake commodities waste a lot of materials, because if it is known by consumers that what they buy are fake commodities, consumers can not buy it again , so many productions can not sell.
Let's create a nice word.
Nowadays, reading is become more and more popular as well as more and more important.
First, people can achieve the new knowledge by reading and it is also easy access to the wisdom of the ages and delighting stories.
I don't agree with author's opinion.
First, teachers are very important for our study English.
Then, I think we should study with our classmates together.
In the class, we can do some interesting things.
For example, we can chat with each other or discuss the problem.
If we study with the computer a long time.
It won't be good for our eyes and health.
And some students will do some other things, such as playing computer games and listening to music.
Nowadays, it is such an ordinary phenomenon that advertising has already penetrate into every aspect of our lives.
Over the past decades, advertising proves to be the most promising industry.
Products manufactured by companies sale well owing to an attractive and impressive advertising.
Celebrity effect is also of great significance in advertising, bringing profits to both celebrities and companies.
Apparently, it via advertising that manufacturing companies try to convince the consumers that their products are attractive in price and quality, along with it, the long term consideration that advertising severs the purpose of accumulating prospective clients.
Whereas many advantages lies in advertising, the opposite influence also exists.
Above all, enormous advertising lead to the outcome that many people are fed up with advertising to some degree.
Moreover, a few false advertising deteriorate the advertising industry, which should be regulated by our government.
There are many reasons that can contribute to this phenomenon.
The first one may be that access to the Internet enables people to work at home.
They can finish work and communite with others through the Internet.
It's very convenient for them.
They can save much time and avoid traffic jam at the rush hour.
At home, they enjoy the relaxed and quiet environment that can enable them make full use of their talent and concentrate on what they are doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisors.
College students' everyday expenses are high.
College students become independent to finance money.
I think a good teacher explain should have many answers.
First, When the student make a mistakes the teacher must be strict and kind because as a teacher must be teach her student how to do it.
Third, the good teacher should favourite students mustn't have difference between the good students and the quite poor students .
Next, When the student ill a good teacher should care about the student.
It is known to us all, with the development of the social, global warming becomes a more and more serious problem which attach people  s attention .
it is people, then, who are the villains.
It is people who are burning the coal, oil, and gas.
As a big country, our government should take effective measures.
Our government can lay down the law, at the same time, our government should save our forests and even replant them .
We can do from small things.
For a instant, we can save paper , save water.
With the development of science and technology, iPad has become students new favorite.
But as a senior high school student, we should work hard instead of playing games, so we should use iPad properly.
For example, we can search information on the internet to solve some problems in our subjects.
In addition, it can open our eyes and increase our knowledge.
On the contrary, if we are absorbed in it, we will have less attention in class and break the class discipline.
So I think we should use iPad properly, when we have some troubles, we can get some solutions from it, at the same times, we can improve ourselves by it, but when we are tired, we can play some games and listen to some music to relax ourselves.
In the end of my weekend, I was sorry and depressed to have many things not to do.
So learning how to arrange your time is very important.
On Monday, it is another busy morning.
On the way to school, in the HuangHe street, surprisingly, I witnessed a traffic accident.
It was about ten to eight.
A woman, nearly 30, run across the road while the traffic light was red.
At that time, a taxi appeared.
Unluckily, the woman was knocked down by the car of the abrupt turning, lying on the road.
The taxi, fortunately, stopped at once.
What was severe that the following cars cannot stop without anytime to think.
Undoubtedly, the traffic accident brought hurts to families as well as economic damage to society.
Although no one was injured in the accident, it can also give us a warning.
It occured to me that it was essential that we should obey the traffic rules.
In addition, drivers should focus their attention on driving, instead of doing other things which distributed their attention.
The aims of this activity is to get close to nature, we can enjoy the fresh air and get relaxed as well.
The activity starts at 8:00 on the Guang Ming Farm which is 2 kilometres away from our school.
We will first meet and get together at the school gate before 7:30.
It is estimated that it will last for 3 hours and ends at about 11:00.
During the 3 hours, we will plant vegetables, water flowers on the farm.
We are looking forward to seeing you this Sunday.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Two days ago, I found my textbook was lost.
I tried to find it anywhere.
I just hope I can pass the exam and get the computer certificate.
But I didn't.
You can imagine how worried I was at that time.
I hate the person who borrowed my book silently and always complained about my own carelessness.
So, during a long time I continued thinking back the things happened before and I hope it'll be helpful to me.
Luckily, my best friend found it and asked what happened to me.
Because she knows what you think.
She understands you.
In short, having a good friend is happiness and can make our life colorful.
Public courses.
But mark was high not stand for he is excellent.
Internet is a new thing some years ago.
Nowadays, we can even learn English online.
On the Internet, we can make friends with penpales.
In considering the personal qualities of being successful, great individuals are more likely to possess the same qualities, such as industrious, self-motivated, well-planning.
Nevertheless our attitude towards stress can dramatically change how it affects us and our life.
When James Linton, CEO of Rocom, was dealing with the PTL's takeover of Roco, he found himself on the horns of a dilemma.
The deteriorating market conditions suggest that the way forward would be anything but smooth.
In Linton's eyes, the takeover was by no means a guarantee of future success.
He was acutely aware of the need to nurture his staff, if the business was to success, something which was not lost them.
However, this genius belief seemed not to be a fantastic deal for shareholders.
Even other CEO said Linton was arrogant that they were not willing to support him on this matter .
At that time, the atmosphere between Linton and them was awkward.
On the other side, the staff also had expectations on Linton.
Undoubtedly, James Linton is the vital role in the job of reviving one of the most illustrious names in retail finance, Rocom.
His positive intelligence in stressful work cultivates his own sense of well-being and sets him up to success.
This story impressed me deeply when I was reading a book about business giants.
Inspiring by this story, I have a new look for stress in my life.
Indeed, many people will present a negative attitude when they are overwhelmed or stressed-out.
Stress can be viewed as a test to self-enhancement.
In nowdays, we can see the computer in everywhere and everytime, we ofen use computer to do a lot of things, for example, do our homework, send E-mails, keep contect with our family numbers and our friends.
We must addmit that internet is important to our life.
We can surf on the internet to find some usefull infomations, we need't to go out to know what happened in our morden life, we know from the internet maybe more real than we have ever seen or heared, the interent also make the world turn to a country, we can make friends with people in other countries, it make people's relationship more closed.
But internet also has some problems, especially to the teenangers, teenages are still young, they don't know what is right and wrong, they may addicted to the interent game easily, and surf some unhealthy informations, their scores may worse and worse.
Do worse to the teenager is make their parents sad and disappointed.
I have got two tickets for a concert given by G.
, the most popular female singer nowadays, this Sunday evening at Guangzhou Tianhe Stadium.
Since you are her great fan, I'd like to invite you to come with me.
Please let me know whether you can come or not.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I like learning English very much and I also love teaching children, so maybe I will be an English teacher.
Maybe I will say goodbye to my single life and marry a girl, or still be single.
Maybe I will still love Taylor Swift, a singer from America.
Maybe I will love cooking and exercising.
Perhaps I will move to Shanghai, or even Newyork or London.
I think my life will be very wonderful and interesting.
Many people like reading.
Some of them like reading in the library.
Some of them prefer to electronic readers.
The advantages can be list as follows.
First, it's convenient for us to read on the electronic readers.
We don't need to walk to the library to have a reading.
Besides, we don't need to waste time to look for books we want, just import the key words then the book will turn up in front of our eyes.
What's more, we can download everything we like with no money in the electronic readers.
The massive information will satisfy us.
However, we cannot ignore their disadvantages.
First of all, their convenience may lead to our laziness.
They will provoke our dependence.
Secondly, they are harmful for our eyes.
The radiation of electronic readers will retired our eyes and damage our health.
Thirdly, if the electronic readers has no electricity or the articles are disappeared accidentally outside, we cannot read any more.
Lastly, some electronic readers are expensive.
So, electronic readers are very nice but we cannot rely on them completely.
Reading is an activity full of warm and fragrant.
If my foreign friend comes to my hometown, I will take him to Xiangshan Park.
To start with, Xiangshan Park is a symbol of Huaibei, which has a long history.
What is more, a variety of delious foods are tempting.
Ibelieve that my foreign friend have a good time.
Not only can he appreciate the landscape of the Xiangshan Park, but also tasteauthentic Northeast food.
Two years ago in a winter.
There, We rode down the road to see the scenery , watch swans and dance with the locals.
There are many kinds of delicious food such as Roast Lamb Leg, dairy products as well as skewer.
People live in Mongolia.
Mongolia peculiar shape, is a hidden but beautiful spot.
The local people are very friendly to us, we use the food to entertain us.
The trip left a deep impression on me.
The book--Morning Reading Classics consists of 365 essays that are just like a teacher who teaches you how to succeed, how to gain real happiness, how to treat others, how to deal with dreams and many other crucial things in your life.
After reading the book, I know I should follow my heart and don't let my dream be stolen.
Just focus on my dream, believe in it, and do my utmost to achieve it no matter what happened.
strong-minded, we will see the magnificent rainbow after the terrible storm.
There is no denying that to improve our power of action and be persistent, we will create and decide our own destiny.
No pains, no gains.
Another essential thing for our life is love.
Love is to us what sunshine is to livings.
  I am touched by the beautiful words when it comes to my eyes and mind.
Love is simple so don't make it too confusing and complicated.
Put yourself in others' shoes and make the world more harmonious and vigorous.
Life is an amazing gift, I will try to live my life to the fullest and push myself, body and mind, to the limits of my potential.
Everyone's life habit is different.
So, sometimes not harmonious situation in the dormitory.
So, I think a harmonious dormitory life is very important.
But, how to built up a harmonious dormitory life.
First, between students should help each other.
When roommates habits and you don't like, you can try to understand others.
On the other hand, some people think that the best way to learn is through practice.
As a college student, we are too much time to practice ourselves.
Rather than, almost students choice to stay in home in summer and winter holiday and do nothing.
Almost of us lack of social experience, always don't know how to handle when we face trouble, and often rely on our parents and friends.
What's more, being afraid of dealing with strangers.
However, we will go to the society, after all.
Nowdays, we can see a problem that is humbl abode.
From the cartoon, we can see that a young man lives in a crowed house like snail's shell.
The main reasons for this phenomenon are as follows.
Let's look first at the changes in the way we work.
A generation ago, most of the people are sitting in the office, go to work by bus.
In addition, people work longer hours, and the wage was scarcer.
And speaking of eat, in the past, people's home may not be rich, therefore, food is very sinmple, a family often get together to eat.
Finally, the way we entertain ourselves, many years ago, most families had just one set, which they watched together, and we often take part in outdoor activities.
There are many important people In my life .myfamilies, myfriends, mydear  sisters  , and etc .
but the person I love most is my real second sister for me.
I have a big family , which includes my parents , my three sisters and me.
when I was young, she took care of me carefully whether in my life or my studying .now, although she has had her own family and child.
My name is T.
I'm from W City in Q Province.
Or you can call me 173 or big eyes.
Yeah, this two nicknames stand for my personal characters.
First,173 means that I'm tall.
What's more, someone told me that my eyes just like baboon.
From the bottom of my heart, I'm glad to have this two nicknames.
As for my hobbies, I like singing and playing badminton.
Generally speaking, everybody has their dream job.
As we all know, college is just like the primary society and we should try our best to master more skills.
I am a fifteen-year-old girl who study in Grade Nine.
So much homework often affects my emotion, but I never give up studying because of love around me.
For example, my mum always looks after me carefully and makes me wear properly every day.
In addition, my fiends often help me and believe me when I am in trouble.
When I get love from them, I feel warm and try to give more love to them.
As is known to all, we all have a dream, and it is very difficult to achieve our dreams.
But we need to know that it is not mountain we conquer but ourselves.
I dreamed to make much money to let my parents have a good life.
I still knew it not easy.
But I fimly believe that I can be successful by my efforts.
My parents have paid a lot for us.
We should return them with the practical action.
At school, we should study hard.
And in the work, we should grasp the opportunity to make the bosses trust us.
If you think it you can succeed.
And fighting is my only job.
The family style is a family moral standard.
And it is like food.
The family style is an essential component of the house.
First, I will become a goodness person.
In spite of this, one shall be wary of others.
When I was in primary school.
Once, I throw chalk in the room.
I accidentally hit my father in the head.
My father hurried forward to stop me.
He said it is wrong.
And call me next time don't do this.
Second, I will become a punctuality person.
My mother often tells me to cherish the time.
So I often do some meaningful things.
Such as study and participate in sports activities.
The behavior of parents, always influence the children.
We are learning and reading in college.
I will succeed in college after.
I will want to my home help for my family life.
I will spent some time to make friends in frsehman.
We should often help the classmate.
We can improve and I will succeed.
One is to strengthen English learning.
So that we can learn from the advanced technology.
Another view is that learning English overheating.
Because learning English into a large, effective low, and learned to no avail.
And I have my opinion of this topic.
Quciky, convenient, the most advantage of the personal cars.
Make a example, if you want to have a picnic in the subrub, you can not to think how to go there.
Because you have a car, which is belong to you.
So you can drive it to anywhere.
Though the personal with so many strength, it also have many disadvantages.
For a start, plenty of the cars can cause the traffic jam.
And then, the air pollution is a challenging question to which the human face.
But from anyway to think, the cars still are good for us.
I come from Shanxi, a province not far from Q.
My hometown has lots of famous places.
If you come to Shanxi, you will sense the enthusiastic of Shanxi.
And you can eat a lot of food you have never eaten.
Then I will introduce something about my household.
My grandparents are farmers.
My uncle is not only a farmer but also a cook.
Here are some activities that I've taken part in.
For example, I take part in the oral English club in our school, which attacts me when I first saw it.
The activities in the club not only improves my oral English, but also help me in expanding my vocabulary, in a word , it's good for my English study.
Oo the other hand, I also play football in my spare time.
Though playing football makes me tired, but it also increased my stamina as well as teaching me valuable skills in teamwork and communication.
As the development of economy.
Today more and more people start to use cellphones.
I think that using cellphones is a revolution of Intertnet.
However, cellphones really have some disadvantages.
For example, it is a place that people usually spend too much time on it.
In addition, it's bad for our eyes as a result ofcellphones' use.
And it might cause Internet pollution.
In a word, cellphone is adouble-edged sword.
So, we should use it correctly.
Don't need too much talking without saying anything, English just a important language.
We must learn English.
If can't leave my hate thing, just enjoy it.
Maybe I will love English.
English hit me like the sky fell on me.
Sure, I don't like English, I don't like difficult thing.
I think is boring.
Today I konw learn a language is a important thing.
So I want to learn English.
I start like English.
Whatdoes't kill you makes you stronger.
Now, too many people come China, English is a language to be we can talk.
And have so many book and games are English.
I like playing games, but my English is bad, I can't understand some means.
I like to learn English, beacauseI need English.
Before winter comes, many animals are preparing for the winter.
Before winter comes, the leaves will fall down.
It will get light late and get nightfall early in winter.
It will be foggy in the morning.
We can not see the green leaves, and we can not see the blue sky.
It will be foggy in the morning.
We can not stand the heat gone forever and the upcoming is unable to imagine in the cold.
So we should wear more clothes.
Looked at people in the street wearing clothes are thick.
Winter is a quiet season.
In winter, everything will become quiet.
In winter , we can make a snowman or have a snowball fight after it snow.
The world will turn white.
Some place will turn beautiful.
But I do not like winter.
I'm looking forward to the spring coming.
Some people think our city should add mpre taxis because they think we don't have enough taxis.
If we will go to somewhere, it is a good way to take a taxi.
But we will spend more time waiting for a taxi.
They hope that raise your hand and a taxi appears in no time.
But other people believe that our city shouldn't add more taxis.
In my opinion, our city shouldn't add more taxis.
Wherever you go, it will spend more money than bus.
With the development of technology, many schools bring up computer into class.
Teachers learn how to use computer in class.
With improvement of into computer technologies, many people think computer would replace teachers and result in their unemployment.
Although the Internet has a great variety of things that teachers may don't know, teachers can teach us more.
Teacher not only teaches us knowledge but also how to get along with people.
Computer only is a machine.
It can't have communication with you.
Student can use computer to surf the Internet .
Internet has good things and bad things.
Sometimes, we can't resist the temptation.
We can find many interesting things in Internet, for example listing music, see a movie, game, study and so on.
We not just use computer to study.
Students often have fun in computer.
If computer replaces teacher, students who can't control themselves and play computer game all the time rather than studying.
It is very bad for our eyes, if we use computer for a long time.
we feel sore with eyes.
For most time, computer is convenient for our life.
But teachers are irreplaceable in our society.
Teachers can teach us more knowledge and learning method.
One is to watch TV.
Because they think it is time-saving, interesting and very easyto watch TV.
And the other isto read original work.
Their opinion is more of details.
I like watch TV, as well as reading original work.
I think it is strengthen the picture feel of watching TV.
Besides , I refer watch TV to read original work why I am a lazy girl.
I can't look the book of pages.
Sometimes I like reading books.
Because I think it is centle and quiet .
At that time, I can read original work.
If we ignore it, we may have a loss of sales.
However, these beautiful products sometimes have poor quality.
Once I bought a box of chocolate with golden painting.
I thought it would be perfect to eat.
What we should figure out is what is really under packing.
So it is important for us to be a sensible consumer.
Before buying the products, please read the instructions of products and figure outthe value of products.
It is universally acknowledged that captain America is considered as symbol of American spirit.
Captain America is a countryman born and bred, who is called Steve Rogers.
In the first instance, he is just an emaciated young person.
In order to devote to his country, he volunteered to take part in the military's secret plan.
At this moment.
Nazi spy murders the professor of the drug formulation.
Onlydo the Steve becomes a super soldier.
The America government arranges him to fight with enemy.
But captain America is not an inherent hero, he also has not an immortal body, this is the reason why he needs shield to protect himself.
He is just stronger, braver, more resourceful than others.
Many of the people more and more to ignore Chinese culture and Lead to the cultura .
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I take part in many activities.
Such as swimming, watching English films.
I also took part in singing match and got good grades.
These activities influence me a lot.
I improve my English level by English films.
I can swim well because of swimming training.
What is more, I become more and more happier and healthier.
I advise students can take part in activities positively .
They can help you a lot.
There are different kinds of activities .
when we choose, we should follow our hearts.
We should choose that we are interested in .
A good school environment is important for us.
It can let us better learning.
So, creating a green campus is significant.
For creating a green campus.
Firstly, We have wish study and calm down to learning when have a good environment.
Therefore, we should take care of and treasure public circumstance.
Secondly, we should civilization terminology.
we talk in a low voice with public environment.
Thirdly, if you look some people need helps, you can offer some helps.of course, you should speak thanks to other people help.
We are see they are hungry .
we must study somethings about Acquired Immune Deficienc Syndrome , know the infect way of HIV .
and have no drug to cure , so we have to think some way to aganist it , if some people did .
we have no way to cure him , but we have way to aganist it .
just like .
we can study something about it .not do something can make me in danger.
In the end .
When I was young I know that Mao Zedong is the famous characters.
I Read Mao Zedong biography three days ago.
This biography put him in a common farmhouse children, using a historical point to describe his growth.
A common saying goes teamwork is power, teamwork is victory.
Teamwork can always inspire the incridible potentiality.
Working together is succeed, because we can encourage each other.
To build good interpersonal relationship.
These days, so many news had ever reported the hot phenomena about square dancing .
indeed, the square dancing become more and more popular for the Chinese Dama, and they certainly enjoying it.
what's more, it has already became a stable lifestyle for them to relaxed and practice themselves.
however, as the coin has its two sides, the squace dancing always result in some terrible inluention while it bringing the Dama a wonderful relaxition.
As a piece of news has said: a man irritated by the loud and throbbing dancing music even fired a shotgun into the air recently to scare away the dancers near his house.
besides, in Hubei province, residents of a locality reportedly threw rubbish at people dancing in a square .
Before that a group of students in Hebei probince organized a slient protest against people playing loud music by blocing the stage of the dancers in a square.
The students said they needed a quiet atmosphere to study.
So, different people with different statue has their different opinions as well as actions.
The man who hold the supported opinion has their own thoughts about square dancing  .
On one hand, most of the dancers are women, as we all know , one of the traditional thought in China is that: as a Chinese traditional woman, she needn't do anything but take care of her husband and children as well as their old parents, do the housework day by day , handle the tedious things at home, won't be changed.
How boring life style it is.
They needn't suffer the stress from the job, and have no idea to sharing their emotion and openning the eyesight from the housework.
In other words, they need a access to relaxed and relased themselves.
thus, the  dancing square  has borned with the humanbeing needs.
the woman who has empty time just organized together as the reason of enjoying, and dancing at the square with the loud voice from the video, they may feel so relaxed.
by this way, the whole people who danced together regarded the organization as a big warm family, they get the oppotunity to communicate with each other while dancing, they smiled when talked, they shared the funny and terrible story sometimes.
Just as a coin has its two sides, many people extremely offended the square dancing  .one of the most essential reason could illustrate the opinion-the loud voice from the video while they dancing had brought an amazing bother to those residents who need a quite environment to have a rest or reading or some other needs, obviously, the voice was certainly affect the residens' daily life.
Both we know that one of the basic right for us to live is resting  .
Everyone yawns for enjoying themselves.
someone like the noisy occation, the others enjoying the silent atmosphere.
when we live in the social circle, what the most imortant thing we have to do is learnning to respect and understanding each other .
in my opinion, there has a suggestion from my mind , maybe the governmen could do something to addust the embarassing condition.
that is, offering a stable place for these people to dancing in the basic of no bother to another people.
Apart of this, I find English interesting, sometimes the same word has two or even more meanings, which often causes my attention.
I want to study English for different reasons.
One reason is that I can use English to communicate with foreigner to study more and make friends with them .
As we all know , more and more people use English to many things , so if everyone use English , we will do things more and convenient.
Another reason is that I can travel the world without worrying not know what others say, so I can enjoying the environment while strengthening my English.
There are more and more people didn't read books.
we are busy making money.
playing games.
we have no time to have a rest and read something.
It's time to study reading books.
reading literature is important is important for our life, culture is the most important equation of country general power.
And reading books could improve our weal too.
there are many people don't find their target yet.
'this poem power many people.
It's the power of literature.
Television has become a very great thing in our lives.
Everyone watches TV all the time, and everyone has his own favorite type of the TV show.
For me, I think it is great to watch Nian Dai Show.
there is a current tendency that the increasing number of cities are concerned about energy shortage.
Because it has a negative impact on people's daily life and economic development.
There are at least three reasons accounting for such a huge problem in many cities.
To begin with, It may rise from China doesn't have a complete system of environmental protection.
In addition, the lack of energy such as electric energy may from our wastes.
Most importantly, people are short of the consciousness of energy-conservation.
Taking the above-mentioned discussion into consideration, we shall take such solutions to the issue of energy shortage.
The urgent measure for cities to take is to protect the energy by legislation.
Besides, we may as well exploit new energy to replace non-renewable energy.
Fundamentally, if people can be aware of the importance of energy, we can do a lot to save energy in daily life.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
My spoken English teacher from Canada named Mr.
Parents do everything for their children would make them more and more dependent on parents.
Also, when the children encounter some problems or fall in trouble, the parents should let them try to solve the problem by themselves.
They were used by students while they are walking .
eating.
It is well known that useing cellphones in library is bad behavior for students.
On the one hand, they may make you can not focus on your studies and homework when you sent or received message.
On the other hand, other students may be influence by the people in library.
It seems to me that a bad thing for every one.
In my opinion, library is a wonderful place for people to study so that people can open their eyes.
However, since this phenomenon comes out, the only thing people can do is that.
As far as I am concerned, I support it.
Because Military Training is the most thing for us students.
Especially our undergraduate .
It could make us stronger and stronger .
After Military Training, we can study more and more hard.
As an university student, we should learn to independence without our parents' protect.
we can grow up better and better after Military Training.
Of course , we can also learn how to get along well with new students and have more opportunity to communicate with others.
Although Military Training is very tired for most students, we can gain much from it .
we should do everything by ourself or ask teancher and classmates' help when we are in trouble.
After we come to college, there is more and more spare time.
As girls, going shopping is liked by us.
I still remember the other day, we three girls, Amber, Sweet and me, went shopping in a supermarket.
  said the salewoman.
  You haven't respect us before.
  Oh, my dear Gods, come out please.
I really have no courge to serve the Gods like you three.
  You.
  the saleswoman was speechless and shocked.
  Let's go outside to enjoy the sunshine hand by hand.
As we know, it is not common that students evaluate teachers.
Many colleges require that students evaluate their teachers.
In their eyes, First if students expressed their true minds, it will help their teacher know weather their teaching methods is suitable.
So in some aspect, it will help teachers boost their teaching level.
Second students evaluate teachers it will enrich teacher-student relationship.
However , someone is disagree the view.
As we all know, English plays a vital role in today  s international community.
Therefore, learning English is necessary if we want to keep up with the world.
Secondly, as a language, English is linked with the history of British.
That is to say, I can know more history of the world, which attracts me.
Finally, I can reap the benefits of English learning.
According to the news, the expansion of many high school is the economic.
Besides the population and technology and so on.
Many serious problems have been seen.
For example, the quality of university student is reducing on balance.
Now, we should realize these problems and find some ways to solve them immdiately.
Many universities should make some proper adjustments to the expansion.
Don't make it to many.
Importantly, many universities should improve their management.
Maybe the specialized subject is not agreeable, maybe can not find a content job after graduate, however, most of us who decide to pursue the graduate study has gone against the original intention that the desire of continuing pursue advanced studies.
I have to confess that the most important day in my life get to be that day I decided to improve my oral speaking skills.
Once I stepped into the apartment, I was hearing so many different voices but the same in English.
At the same time, some people in charge of this place came to surround me, to converse with me, of course, in English.
I just can't neglect the memory in my mind, when I marched in the hall, the majority of the people were practicing English with repeaters, and the other guys were practicing by groups, they speaked loudly and they correct others' pronunciation.
Only in this way, they could attain what they couldn't gain from the ordinary courses of college.
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money.
People around here are really friendly, they told me  Don't be afraid to ask for questions, even if your English isn't perfect.
It is my pleasure to representative G middle school to write this email to you.
Recently, that a freshman put pressure on his mother to purchase a trio of apple products has hooked our eyesight.
First and foremost, it was the student's vanity that caused the farce.
To prevent such things from happening again.
Parents should stop spoiling a child when he is a little boy.
We shouldn't ask for anything we'd like to own from our parents.
They have paid for our tuition fee as well as the living expenses.
In brief, parents don't have duty to buy us luxurious products.
So we should appreciate more but not to force them to do any thing.
I suppose that is good for us to make cooperative in the group.
First I suppose that it has some advantages to us to learn english well.
When we learn with others we feel good and we can work hard so is good to us.
Second we can talk with others when we are thinking some questions.
Although not very rich, but I love my family deeply.
First, I have a adorable mother who does good at cooking and always making food that I want to eat.of course eating isn't the most important point that I love my home so much.
the other reason is that she loves me, loves father and our home the same deeply as me.
Second, I love my dad, he is a facetious man, so he always make our home full of laughter.
and I know he is a man who never show work pressure to us but make us think he can handle everything.
he is notonly my dad but also he is my friend , we can talk about everthing and he always give me his advice but not make desition for me.
Nowadays, A number of callege students have a lot of bad habits.
to study, but to the Internet.
We flew there and stayed there for six days.
I am not a very outgoing people in my family.
So I always depends everything I didn't know what to do on my father.
I'm not sure what I should do.
I thought I'am a lucky boy, but my classmates didn't obtain the support from their parent.
In my junior high school I often couldn't complete my homework, which made my teachers angry exceedingly.
So she always talk to my father, and said something to my father that I am not a good student in my class.
He always said to my teacher I am still young.
And now my father help me to go to college.
He gave me much money per mouth so that I could study better than I am in my senior high school.
Only in this way I could break away from my father.
In order to celebrate the publication of our new series of logistics books---New Perspective Business.
Since the logistics are playing a more and more heavy in today.
I believe these books provide you with a fresh perspective and they can enrich your knowledge of business.
My name is M.
I think I need to get a job as a waitress.
  I will answer you like this: to be a waitress can get more common sense.
It's related to my future life.
As we know, everyone in social need talk with the others, if I can't, my future life will be very difficult.
I can go to work every weekend.
Although I don't have more enough time to work, I must work harder than any others.
I look forward to receiving getting this job.
Actually, they make a great difference on myself.
I suggest that everyone should join in after-school activities actively.
You can choose every activity that you like to enjoy yourself.
The library is a place where students own read a book to learn.
Now a lot of people use mobile phones in the library reading area.
I think that students can proper use, but must be transferred into shock and don't listen to loud music.
Therefore, we should be aware of mobile phone use is not in the library, build a quiet learning environment.
As a college student, I think students and the teacher's outside interaction is very important in our life.
To cultivate students to be a competent man is teacher and student's duty, and they must fulfill it.
Today, advertising is become a important part of part daily lives.
In my own opinion, I think advertisement is good for us.
First, there are a lot of product in this world and it's various, if we don't have advertisement today, we wouldn't know which product is suitable.
The second, advertisement is a tool to spread imformation, if there have a new product, but not many people know this product, so only advertising can be promote it to the world even every corners.
Last, advertising can induce consumer interests and desire, it can promote consumer behavior of production.
For example, if there are not advertise product from trader, we wouldn't often want to buy something.
AS we all know, reading is the good acess to getting knowledge.
we can get many uesful information by reading.
However, different people has different ideas.
They think the best way of learning is practicing .
To begin with.
We start to read books when we were a little child.
reading has played an important part in our life.
You will be benefically if you read a good book.
What's more.
There are various kinds of books we can read .
some of make us happy.
some of cushioning stress.
More importantly.
In a word.
That's all what I think about a good teacher.
In the long history of human education, students are exposed to formal examination.
Testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability.
To begin with, student in university tend to believe that formal examination is out of date.
Because it can only improve marks on the text.
Furthermore, there is a real limit to personal capability of innovation and creativity.
As far as I am concerned, different test system based on different national phenomenon.
It is hard to say formal examination is right or wrong.
There is no doubt that everyone's heart has a people .
As far as I am cornced, mothere's love is the garetest love .
In spite of tired everyday, but she never say hardship .
As what is vividly shown in the picture, high school students, businessmen, housewives and divers are watching their smartphones on the street.
They are regarded as phubbing  , in other words, they always focus on their phones whenever and wherever.
There're three main reasons to support my point of view.
To start with, addiction to smartphone has a bad influence on our study.
Due to the appearance of various information, maybe when we had intended to search for related materials, as a result, we only choose to read other attractive things.
In this way, we not only cannot obtain something we really need but also it is a matter of wasting time.
In addition, it seriously affects our body.
When we put much time and energy on smartphone, we are bound to feel uncomfortable, like headache, dry eyes and neck ache.
What's worse, if we have been looking at the smartphone every day, it will bring about other diseases, such as female menstrual disorders and ischemic stroke.
Last but not least, addiction to smartphone will make people become more and more lonely.
Once we play with our phones continuely, as a matter of fact, we aren't used to communicating with others any more.
That is to say, the longer we use our phone, the less we communicate with people.
There is no denying that smartphone plays a vital role in a competitive society.
Located in the Tanwan Strait, Taiwan is the largest island in China.
The area of Taiwan is about 36000 kilometers square.
Taiwan is known to all over the world for it's beautiful scenery.
Taiwan has been a part of China since the ancient times on.
A number of people live in Taiwan came from Guangdong and Fijian.
For example, look at books, listen to music, etc.
It's bad for his health.
As we all know, english has been spread all the world.
More and more people use english to communicate with exotic persons.
For that reason, some people consider that english will use anywhere.
however, other people think we should pay attention to our own language.
In this society, students from elementary schools study english as a second language.
Studying english has been a normal class when I was a child.
Teachers encourage students to study english.
Nevertheless, other people think we should emphesise our own language's studying.
Chinese should be spread to the universe.
Now many people don't learn mother language very well.
In my view, we need to learn english well.
As the same time, study mother language and try to bring Chinese to others.
I went to climb the Xiangshan Hill in the sumnmer vacation.
I am very happy to went there with my good friends.
We gathered at the school gate at time.
We had many actives in there.
For example , we climbed the Xiangshan Hill.
We cooked lunch by ourself.
We played many gamesin the afternoon.
We took a camera with us so that took some pictures.
That day, we are so fun.
From the picture we can see a people on the computer screen saying some bad words, these words like the bomb that frighened the other people away off.
The online rumors have affected both people'smental and physical health seriously.
Because the computers are used more widely and an increasing number of people surfing on the internet.
If someone writing some bad words on the internet without your knowledge, once the online rumors spread and it can spread quickly.
The online rumors have so many bad effects and they influenced our life, it prevent the development of society.
On the one hand, we should't critic other's actions on the internet.
We should do a integrity, honest and kind people.
Now, many students not pay translate attention to translate in their study english.
There are three reason for it.
First, children think spelling haven't meaning, just to select A    B    C      D to their exam and have a good mark is ok.
Second, the teacher always let students to read.
Then less their ability to spelling.
Third, students haven't willpower to read words spell.
To change this fact.
In my opinion.
On hand, students have to be given to spelling, it is important.
Students should know given to spelling and speaking is importent than others.
Let them have a right think.
Generally, students should be given spelling.
The other hand, teacher should take some homework aboout spelling to students and add spelling frartion in exam, such as: make a watch, have some games or have a meeting to discuss  due attention should be given to spelling  .
I'm a college student.
I like English, but it's hard for me.
I can't pronounce so well.
So I plan to listen to the tape and read after it.
I can't read English passages quickly and can't write a passage clearly.
Now I plan to read more and practice writing often.
As for listening, sometimes I can't understand what others are saying.
So I plan to improve myself by listening to the radio and TV.
My life will be colorful and relaxce .
I am going to be a nurse, because I hope first care for my family and help many people.
l graduate from the university, l can work on a hospital.
l have best wish work on baby hospital.
l will be get along with myMy life in the future workmates.
l will be find a nice boyfriend, and we'll travel a lot and do many sports.
we have a little baby.
My family is very comfortable.
l will also read many books to relax me.
According to the history, we can know when the U.
So the dollar price of gold has become an important research reference.
My name is G, I come from T and 21 years olds.
I'm graduate in F college, and major in English.
Now, I want to find a suitable work.
As me, I'm an outgoing, sun, positive, serious and responsible work, bear hardships and stand hard work, and have a sympathy.
I prefer to help other people, because it made me happy.
I am good at communication with people and like a lot of out door activity.
People always say I am an easy-going person.
I hold organization ability and leader ability, society is a big family, maybe you can.
I hope employer offer me with platforms to exercise.
I will enhance bold and brave in during, and continue to improve myself.
I'm applying for the leave from Nov fifth to Nov eleventh.
In order to prove it, here is the e-mail which was sent by my bro.
Once I come back to work, I will catch up on all things that I had missed.
Some would like to stay with their lovers.
That means I have to spend two days in taking a train.
The Mid-Autumn Festival falls on the 15th of the eighth month of Our Chinese lunar calendar.
Family members gather together in that day.
We will also travel and visit friends when the Mid-Autumn Festival is coming.
Therefore, the festival give us a chance to contact each other.
as usual.
Suddenly, I found a note on the kitchen table.
I was so strange and pick it up to read.
After reading it, I felt angry .
Not only he ate all the plums but also he had kn-owed these were I saved for breakfast.
On the other hand, I was relieved that my brother was honest.
At least, he left a note to tell me the truth and begged for forgiveness.
At this moment, my work was preparing other food for breakfast quickly because my parents would get up soon.
I cooked some eggs and heated milk.
From this case, I found that I didn't care enough about my family.
Every one has his own dream.
When I was a little kid .
and also sensible.
whenever I saw the children who should be sitting in the bright and spacious classroom reading and the old people who should be enjoying their twilight years.
but they even can not solve the problem of food and clothing, I felt very sad .
So my dream was to become a successful person, even a Universal man.
But now, standing here, my dream have already change a lot.
I dream of doing something bigger and splashyer , something more significant .
Now our motherland territory Diaoyu Islands is facing a crisis, the country's territory is in danger.
Now I will try my best to learn my professional weapon systems and Engineering.
and develope newer type weapon.
Last I have a recent ideal.
That's all.
My parents always educate me what we should become a diligent and thrifty man.
The life of college is more competitive.
I have failed in societies' tests, which humbled myself.
Comparing high school life, college life should be more dependent.
One day of two weeks, to my surprise, I found that I can't do washing well without my mother.
In some place we can not see fish swimming in the river or trees on the hills.
Birds are less than before, so is fresh water in the world.
One of the most serious problems is the serious pollution of air and oil.
The polluted air does great harm to people's health.
The polluted water causes diseases and death.
So I think, we must do something to protect the environment.
For example, we can go to school on or by bike instead of taking a car.
I think, everyone should realizes the seriousness of the problem and make concerned to protectour environment.
Reading different kinds of books is a good habit.
I think it is a good habit because I can learn things from books.
Books are not only my good friends, but also my teachers.
  .
I hope in student learning schools can be given more investment, give us create a good learning environment.
I think that time is money, some successful people time is very precious, a minute may lose a lot of money.
For the dying person, time will think that this life.
We cherish a deep-seated hate for now, is once again in the future also cannot go back.
When I was eight years ago.
I went to the TianJin Zoo with my father and my mother.
There are some kinds of animal in the Zoo.
Such as panadas, lions and tigers.
It are so cute.
The monkey were very smart and it're always made me laugh.
The giraffe were so tall.
In the noon, we had a picnic at there.
When the afternoon came, We went to home.
Despite my bad temper, she can always read my moods and forgive my faults .
Today, there is a new way to love , it's the network.
Some people being cyber love .
Some people suppose that cyber love is benefit and disadvantage.
Firstly love is a product of communication.
Cyber love's people talk with the network , they can say some what they tend to, but they can't say in fact.
Secondly, love is born of beauty in the distance.
Maybe they can more love each other.
If you haven't BF or GF , you can try to cyber love .
In 2004, the Athens Olypic Games, Liu Xiang won a gold medal with the record of 12.91 seconds.
And keep the world record for 11years.
In2006, with 12.88 seconds in Lausanne, Switzerland track and field super series broke the world record which had been lasted for 13 years.
But in the 2008 Beijing Olypic Games dropped out of the race due to injury.
In 2008, out of the race due to injury.
In 2012 was backed on the track.
Although no promotion.
If we let tourists damage them.
In my opinion, the first stage is all of the manufactures should not continue to produce products with excessive packaging and should focus on how to improve the quality of wares.
The second stage is that consumers should buy something because of its essence without packaging.
Students' Union plans to organise an outdoor activity.
We can get close to nature.
We get together on 7:30 at the school gate.
The activity begins on 8o'clock, and it will be last 3 hours.
We go to Guang Ming Farm.
It is 2 kilometers far away.
So we can get there by bus together.
People can plant vegetables and water flowers.
I invite you to come with us.
And the library to the life of students more and more important in the modern society.
It is a good place where students can make good use of their spare time.
Worse is to come, it will result in a great waste of time and money.
So I think restricting the mobile phone in the library is necessary.
Math is difficult to many people.
I only can added and substracted the figures.
Now I can learn math in many operating ways.
I feeled math is interesting and found the ways to learn this.
for instance.
when you met question.
you can put the question in the reality life .
So, if you met the question in math.
please you don't afriad about it.
With the rapid development of the economy, education is more and more important.
According to the the teacher and other commen students, there are something in commen betwwen these top students.
One of these is concentrate.
Top student allow no interruptions of their study time.
In addition, they are organize their time and materials properly, keeping everything just where they could get their hands on it, after all, even a short break to stretch or get some fresh air can work wonders.
In a short, learning how to study is significant for a top student.
As far as I am concerned, on the one hand, it is important for us to study from books well and achieve excellent academic scores; on the other hand, it is more important to develop other skills.
In the current society, people must have an all-round ability to society.
Besides, book is not the only way to success.
For the majority of people, download articles on the website has become the focus of their lives and the source of their happiness and contentment, so it is curial to download articles in the website.
Nevertheless we also should be serious with it, On the one hand, it will make our life more enjoyable, that is to say, it can add color to the dull routine of every day life.
Nevertheless on the other hand, it is worth noting that the author's copyright, this means that the writers' copyright issues will be affected.
At the same time, it is not clear that some author's book will not sally well if people can download them on the internet.
In a word, It brings people a lot of convenience.
I hope people can make good use of the download websites.
Besides.
The article first should be audit when they made on website before.
And by do this, people can believe that on the internet to download articles.
The meanwhile, their love for us is increasing without hesitation.
They rely on us more and more with the time pass.
The student who sat at the seat in front of me often lowered his head at the first English class.
After the class, I asked him whether he felt awful or not.
Between the third and the fourth class, everyone besides that student was chatting and laughing.
All the students were surprised.
I kept calm and called 120 at once.
Luckily, he left hospital safety at last.
Several days ago, a friend of mine bought some food in a market.
After eating the food with his friends, he got a stomachache and was sent to the hospital as a result of food poisoning.
This event need us think about.
Food safety is more and more important nowadays.
The whole society should pay more attention to food safety problems.
The government need to make more strict laws in order to protect the consumes' benefit and health.
I am very happy to announce you that our Student Union will have an English Speech Contest.
This is an interesting activity.
All the students in our university are invited to attend the English Speech Contest.
Those who are interested this activity's information you can go to our Student Union.
If you need any further information you also can call me.
My phone number is 1234567.
With the developed of the social, colleges are increasing, and the competition is too big.
And compitition is also a threat.
For this phenomenon, it's bring some bad influence.
For exmple.
This phenomenon maybe make students become unfriendly, and maybe affect other student's study.
And some students only reseving a seat, but then maybe not study, so affect other student's study.
In my opinon, this phenomenon is not increased.
We are going to classroom or library.
This phenomenon is good, but University's classroom or library has not enough seat.
So we are not blind to reserving a seat.
We must ensure us to study in our seat.
The one word in ancient poetry Jing yan si zhi, the explanation of character is usually quiet and inchon is mean calm down and do not show off your gift.
My favourite at school is the classroom, because it's bright and light, there are a lot of classmate.
We can not only each other help, but also learn together there improve learning level.
For example, they stay up late and are addicted to games.
Some students waste money in unneeded things.
Those bad habits may influence college students.
For example , they may be tired in class and do not reach their goals that they have builted.
Therefor, we should take effective measure to solve the problem.
I think our teather should aware their student form a healthy habit.
As a student, we shuold take more attentions to our lifestyle and control ourselves.
My name is X, from 2 class four.
Good morning everyone.
I'm of great honor to stand here and introduce myself.
My name is X and you can also call me lotus if you like.
I graduated from NO.20 High School and I come from a beautiful city called Z where is famous for delicous sea food.
I am a warm-hearted freshman, so kind.
I think that I am sure to help other people when they are in trouble.
Besides, I suppose I am a person of confident and honesty.
Frankly speaking, knowledge is vital and indispensable to man so that I like reading.
I also like watching TV and surfing the Internet, because these can widen our horizon and relax myself.
What's time, I like playing badminton.
What exists in my own thoughts is such a life, it is more about long walks in the quiet green campus, it is more about feeling the wind tough my face, as I go through on my bicycle.
At the same time.
I'm expecting the day of striding on a way to success and carry out parents'expectation.
I am proud of studying with everyone in the same class for the coming years.
I am sure our common dreams will come true from now on.
That's all about me.
To keep us safe, we should prevent the possible dangers.
Firstly, you should keep the dormitory clean and everything in good order, and stop using dangerous electrical appliance.
Secondly, you should be careful to climbthe bed when you put things.
It is known to us that, Abraham Lincolne's famous remark, give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe, which is equal to a beard well lathered is half shaved.
In our life, a large number of people long to be triumphant.
However, most of them are just saying instead of putting their dreams into practice , what's more , they don't make any effort imagining that success would come to them automatically.
As the saying goes, genius is 99% hardworking and1% inspiration, which tells us that success, not only intelligence included but also hard work.
Besides, when you are to work hard at something, you are supposed to trace for it seriously and carefully, which will make your way to success more smoothly.
In a word, the way to success is hardworking , inspiration as well as enough preparation.
In the cartoon, an old woman, who faced a mirror, was saying that she was lonely because no children accompanied with her.
It is widely thought that we should take care of our parents when they are old.
From my perspective, the lonely life of aged people will make them feel disappointment to life.
According to a relevant study,67% old people becomes unhappy and sad.
In this case, it may generate potentially bad impacts to their life.
What's more, if we don't keep a line of communication to the old, not only do they feel upset, but also we make a worse gap.
Dormitory life is an indispensable part of life.
When we entered the University, we already commence collective life.
Because each one has various of dispositions, it is usually have disagreements in dormitory life.
However, maintaining a favourable dormitory is necessary.
Because in university, we will live in together for four years, roommates as if my sisters, so we are committed to maintaining a harmonious dormitory life.
In order to achieve this goal, we have to get rid of their unfavorable habits.
Try to be tolerant of other people 's bad habits.
We should try our best to build a harmonious dormitory life.
When you hate someone you will need to learn tolerance, tolerance and forgiveness will help you to solve many problems.
Some of them think we should do like this.
It can help us getting knowledge, widen our eyes.
And we also are able to communicate and share with our friends.
They supposed that it do harm to our eyes.
In my opinion, we should get online appropriate as students.
we can study from websites on the Internet and make our mind relaxed.
Nowadays, with the development of technology, cellphones become more and more popular.
From the pciture we can see, the girl was making a phone call in class, in spite of the teacher are looking at her angrily.
First, many students prefer to play phones rather than listen to class.
Sceond, with the ring of cellphones, class rule is broken.
What's more, using cellphone in class also is disregard to teachers.
Teachers try their best to teach us but can't get respect.
Thank you for sending me an email.
I often get up at six o'clock.
I usually don't have breakfast and leave home at six twenty.
There was no physics on Monday, but I don't hate it.
I don't like English, because it is difficult for me.
After school, I often need to wait for the bus, because it has not come.
During this time, I will talk to my classmates.
When I listened to the panda become more and more less, I were so heartache.
Also, making me think our environment that is ill. As far as I'm concerned, I'm a part of the earth.
Panda is death also stand for human is death.
Maybe our environment become more an more bad In that I've been conservating her .
We breaked the aerosphare.
water.
As for me, wo will introspect what we didi.
I'll help my living environment, panda and mine.
There is a day I want to that I can wash in every river, look the panda every where.
My most favorite TV program is Day day up.
That is a variety of a show.
It is a supernatural show.
The program provides us with knowledge in natural and scientific aspects.
Every Saturday it was Played.
On television I can watch star like in normal time.
Day day up have a specialty that is to have many interesting games for example who is undercover.
And there are so many people will shopping online.
now, let us talk about my first shopping online.
It is my first year in the c ollege.
And i can not get use the computer very well.
so , i have to fall back to my roommate .
so that i can pay the money successful.
through the first shopping online.
something more on the nerwork too many things to see, so we as consumers must have a pair of eyes.
online shopping change our life style.
but we should save our money, can not waste it.
I've read your topic on yesterday's newspaper.
It's my pleasure to write to you to show you my opinion on school-phone's bringing.
In my view, it's like a coin which has two sides, like Shakespeare's saying, 'To be or not to be, that's a question.
There's no doubt that phones do us a large amount of good.
With them, connecting with families and freind become much earier.
But there are some arguements which bring questions to the attention of us.
In the class shine the phones, we may think they can influence others.
Chatting as well as texting is a waste of money and time.
Parents always worry that we may be absorbed in the function of entertainment.
In my view, we shouldn't use the phone in class.
We should ban the behavious which include playing and cheating as well.
Because of the high price of the smart phone, we must take good care of it.
As far as I am concerned, the number of students who are with phones isn't small.
But actually, whether you bring a phone or not, having a meaningful school time is the thing that really makes sense.
What is more , entering the university , we have more independent time to take advantage of .
So we can not ignore the importance of mark while we pay attention to ability.
Along with the rapid growth of living standards, money has become increasingly essential.
At present, a lot of people appeared the pursuit of materialism in the society, just like GuoMeimei, MaNuo and so on.
People's opinions about this vary from person to person.
someone suppose money makes the mare go, and nothing is money out of the question.
Only when you have money can do whatever you intend.
And some consider that money is not everything only youth and happiness is priceless, and money doesn't mean that value of life.
As far as l am concerned, l correspond with the last opinion to some extent.
I come to believe money is extremely important to maintain fundamental life.
Finally, l just want to say, on view of money have no right or wrong.
Remmbering we can't in order to earn more money, lost due simple happiness.
Particularly, some parents because work busy rarely have time to accompany their children, even have a dinner together.
Have a meal.
Study.
I don't think that the two aspects(treasure the classics and create the future)are contradictory.
For me, they can exist together because what we do today will certainly be the history of the future, even be the classics.
However, I do think that advancing towards the future is more important and valuable.
Firstly, as we all know that the classics represent the wisdom of the past, so there is a great deal of experience of our ancestors that we can learn.
The classics is a priceless treasure, we ought to value it and study it.
Secondly, we live in an era of exploration and innovation, so it's our responsibility to venture into the unknown.
It's evident that the era is progressing constantly.
If we kept staying at the same stage and never went ahead, the civilization of human would disappear one day beyond doubt.
Finally, there is an old saying in China, Reviewing the history is good for exploring the future.
I can't agree on it anymore.
If we can absorb the wisdom and the experience that our ancestor left in the classics, there is no doubt that we will avoid many mistakes and setbacks.
As far as I am concerned, there is still much to know and to explore.
With the development of city, an increasing number of countryman leave the countryside.
Because they want to make more many, make their life rich and the most important is making their children don't live as them.
As far as I'm concerned, more and more people stay in the city is unfavorable for agricultural development.
What's more, those stay-at-home children have little love of parents.
Nowadays, most of us, as students, are careful with our money in daily life: we collect all kinds of coupons; we look for group-buydeals if we eat out or travel; we don't buy clothes unless in a sale.
First, price by new ways are definitely cheaper than many things' normal price, it does save us money in a way.
Second, as a pure consumer, we are supposed to try our best to reduce our expenses to relieve our own parents's burdon.
With the development of technology.
Shopping become more and more convenient .
say it is right or wrong.
Some people think online shopping is a kind of fashion lifestyle.
You can buy anything you want.
you don not need to go out to find the goods one by one with your feet.
Because on the internet as taobao, jingdong can make these things easy.
By this way you can search for whatever you want , you can have them compared still.
Only to click the mouse in the computer.
Even foreign goods.
people could buy goods with a nice price by online shopping.
Base on its convenience easily comfort and have a bargain, online shopping is popular with lots of people.
In reality, we can not live without real buy and sell by face to face.
We can touch the real goods in buying things .
Like we can sure whether we like the goods.
And once we pay the money we can take it home, which online shopping can not do.
Because we have to wait its arrive , sometimes it take a long time , if we are in bad luck we may get the goods not as we expected .
And what is wores , sometimes some sellers on the internet are cheaters they cheat money from this way .
two ways both have advantage and disadvantage .
Different person has different thought.
To say a truth , we should be cautious to treat online shopping .
we do not know whether online shopping is mature, but we can be mature.
our life .
However, from my perspective, it is reasonable for students to make comments to their teachers.
It should be acknowledged that only by receiving the feedback form their students could teachers make progress in their teaching, which, on the other hand reflects on the students' level of learning.
Besides, another point is that the critic about teachers helps to create the harmonious atmosphere on campus.
Students are able to make comments, which provides them with an appropriate approach to release their unsatisfaction and offers chances about communication between students and teachers.
Although someone argues that it would cause the disorder in school, a set of standard and system could built up to regulate the criticizing system under the surveillance in light of the concerns above.
In my opinion, it's necessary to be an honest person.
If you ask me what is the most vital that we supposed to do for the moment, I will say that it is just to do it without any hesitation even a second, although the necessity and importance of starting from children and giving full play to the power of the parents' Role Models which we need to realize is also significant very much.
I don't think that the level of consciousness is more important than the concreted behaviour.
The world is ours, the future is ours, and so is the responsibility to be honest.
Children always complain that their parents are out of date, while parents can't approve of what their children say and do.
First he or she should of coures be rich in knowledge.
I also think a good teacher should be patient and give students a chance to correct their mistakes.
firstly, persistence is of utmost impotance.
also, vocabulary is the fundation of all your learning.
it's function is the same as the chinese character in our language.
I'm so happy to see you here.
As the fourth grade student of university, I'm going to enter the work word.
I want to use three words to describe the college life: happy, quick and important.
Firstly, you should make yourself adapt the new environment as soon as possible because this may influence your attitude on college life.
You may have a unfavorable life if you don't do it well.
Secondly, you should change the way to learn because college is freedom and there aren't teachers to supervise you, and the most important is that you need to learn well about your major, which is a good way to help you get a good work easily.
Thirdly, you'd better grasp ever opportunity to develop yourself.
You should take paty in more activities which are related to your major because it may change your life forever.
Fourth, it is the most important that having a plan for your college life and deciding what the job you want to have after graduation, which can help you make your college life meaningful.
Besides, if you have goal, you should stick to keep it in your mind and try your best to make it come true.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
As we known, the first and biggest problem is, of course, the increase of population.
We can feel it when we are in crowded subways and buses.
The second one is that resourses are going to run out because we have used those too much.
Next, the forests get smaller and smaller.
To solve these problems, I did some research.
We shouldn't waste water even just a bit and we should use two sides of a piece of paper.
Anyway, we should try our best too protect the invironment.
When I was yang my dream is become a university man.
Meanwhile keep clam and carry on.
I am afraid that I could not have a good communication with classmates or other people, which will hinder my study and entertainment .
From the picture, we can be easy to get some information.
It is a usual fact aroung the word today.
So I don't know why it is , but now I know the reasons .
And I think it is sbout two sides .
First , if a people who have the doctored degree , he won't to do something like dirty work , tired work , dangerous work and so on .
Second, if a boss want to employ them , but thire salary is too high.
After all, if we will change this fact , we should make the people who have the dontoral degree knows fact first .
A quarrel occurred in my family this morning.
I heard my favorite music on the radio and followed the rhythm sang it loudy.
My mother shouted me suddenly, she was asked me to turn the music off.
She thought that music is unusual and my voice was so crazy, I told my mother it is popular music that every youth like it verymuch.
However, my mother didn't think that good for children, she let me listened some normal music like classical music but I didn't interested it at all.
Many people sad  Family is best happiness  .
I have a good friend, he is a good boy.
He is my classmate.
He like hely many people.
Once, I have a fever.
He very care of to me.
Before the summer vocation, my classmates discussed what they tend to do this vocation.
Some students said they want to have a travel, others want to find a part-time job.
This summer vocation my experience was wealthy, but not colourful.
Left the collage, just together with my friends went to Nan Jing.
My first job in a plastic factory,1800 yuan a month.
though the salary is not high, I realized that this year found a job is not easy, so I decided to work here.
After I at here 25 days later, the boss found I was a student and my salary was dropde to 1550 a month.
I was angry and called 88001818 asked for help, but it have no effection.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I will be twenty-six years old by then.
Iwill have my own family.
In the free time, I will continue to take exercise, I want to have a healthy body.
I hope so.
students' Rating of Their Teachers.
Many schools asked students for rating their teachers, thinking this ways can help them take stock teachers.
To this people's attitudes differ sharply.
Some hold positive view.
They say that teachers is closed with students.
Many orthers, however, hold the opposite view.
They claim that many students are dissatisfacted for teachers.
Especially study not good students.
Nowadays, it is a common phenomenon that we only recite meaning, but we do not recite spelling.
Firstly, reason why we ignore spelling is because we use our ways to learn English, which is the most important thing.
Secondly, we always select easy things to avoid difficult things.
Tirdly, we used to learn chinese.
As far as I am concerned that we can do two points.
On the one hand, we are supposed to chang our attitude to study English.
Nowadays, love on campus is found everywhere.
Wherever you go, you will see couples of sweethearts strolling past holding hands and sharing their secret happily.
It seems to be a tendency on campus.
So, it comes to the phenomenon about the shadow of romance seeking.
In my opinion, I think that college students should be in pursue of campus romance, but chasing campus romance should be noticed in the process.
My reasons are as follows, first, in a sincere and romantic love in the university can enrich your university life, it will be a wonderful memory of your life; second, the process of falling in love, you will learn how to love aperson, how to get along with someone, it will also be on your future family life have a great help.
One day, a friend and I went on the way home, suddenly found a wallet which someone may lose.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
First, the population rises so rapidly that bring too much pressure on the earth.
There are more than 1.4 billion.
Second, a large number of woods and other plants were replaced by all kinds of accommodation facilities or scenic spots.
Third, water shortage is a grave problem.
With the development of agriculture and industry, an increasing amount of water is needed.
What's more pollution and waste of fresh water aggravate the situation.
We must try our best to improve environment.
Over recent years, so many disasters occured that we can't deny that we are in danger.
In 2008, the wen chuan earthquake shaked the Chnia.
In 2010, over 290 thousand people died from various natural disasters.
In 2011, all people were shocked at the leakage of fudao nuclear power station.
Our life was badly effected.
No, I don't think so.
I think it is the human-beings but the earth that is The Real Culprit.
If we don't deforest ecessively, we would not suffer from sandstorm; If we don't release abundant greenhouse gases at will, the sea level would not rise so quickly; If we don't catch and kill animals randomly, a large number of species would not disappear.
It is the high time we take measures to protect our mother, the earth.
Different people have different opinions.
Some people believe that you can invent new things.
But other people take an opposite side.
They firmly believe that you can make history.
As for me, everyone can be greatness.
Only you can be good for everything, and you can be improving every day.
Fist of all you can think the greatness is too smart.
Today, researchers have evidence that an intrinsic passion for one's work is a key to rising above.
When you love your work, you couldn't stop thinking about this stuff.
More importantly, I have a schoolmate ask for me that why are the greatness so great.
I replied her that the greatness is small number.
As a college student, I am supposed to read more books, and we shall not flag or fail.
We shall go on to the end.
We shall never surrender.
It has long been a contentious issue as to whether physical exercise should be required part of every school day.
For one thing, physical exercise in school can makes students healthier.
With the development of the society, the graduate students are facing the high pressure of finding jobs.
So the students in school pay more attention to their study, and they ignore the importance of exercise.
They are unhealthy and tend to be ill.
If the physical exercise was required part of every school day, there would be more chances for students to take exercise.
For another, physical exercise plays an important role in one's life.
If physical exercise became part of every school day, students would be used to taking exercise.
Now, after close examination, it is not difficult to draw the conclusion that physical exercise should be required part of every school day.
Choosing an occupation makes a difference to everyone, especially our graduates.
A good occupation will follow us a lifetime.
But how to choose one's occupation makes a big problem.
At the first time, you should get your interests enough that what's your hobby.
secondly, looking at yourself carefully and trying to know what are you good at and what's your weakness.
Then you would find a lot of companies which fit both your interests and your good qualities.
As a college student of computer profession, of course, I will make a choice of an occupation about my profession.
Nowadays, social development is extremely rapid.
Although now I got into college, but still felt great pressure.
In that when I graduate from the university, social more competitive.
In metropolis, everyone is always busy.
In that someone need money to support the family.
However, keep a good mood is remarkably essential.
Firstly, good state of mind can improve the work and learning.
Secondly, a pleasant mood can make mind and body relax.
So many people choose the entertainment to relax .
In my opinion, pressure also is a kind of power.
If we lived in leisure environment, we would have loosed the power.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I often join after-school activities , such as doing sports, looking English films and so on.
Because of the activities, my body is more strong, and my English level is improved.
But it is not right for anyone to join them.
You'd better not join the activities if your grade is not very good.
More and more students has use Mobile Phone play games or look for dates in the library.
This phenomenon has been bring many influences.
Many students believe that they can help students more gain knowledge and relax mood, because let's ourselves reduce pressure.
Of course some people think it is a bad thing .
In my opinion, TV talent show is a good thing if these shows are strict managed.
With the improvement of living standards, a part of collage students have some bad habits about health.
such as sleep late, excessive consumption, addicted to the game and so an.
As collage students, we don't have our income, so we should't careless spending and play games to increase parent's press.
The home is bad, the same bad habits also to our future.
On the other hand, sleep late make us no mentle state next day, such as sleeping in the class, not lack of spirit and trapped.
As collage students, as adults, we should have certain of self-control.
we can find some things do avoid unhealthly life habit form, such as take part in some society activities, read some books and so on.
In order to our good life in the future, we must develope good living habits.
There was a news about six students hired cleaners to do laundry and cleaning once a week, which has led to a heated debate.
As a student, doing laundry and cleaning should be the necessary skills in our college life.
Evenmore, we have not the ability of making money to support this kind of spending.
It is not only unbenificial to our self-care ability but also a waste of our parents' money.
The first , nowadays English is becoming more and more important.
We need to use English to comunicate witn the others.
The second, it is necessery that we obtain English because wo need it when we want to have a job.
What'more, we can know more international information which is usually translated into English.
Several minutes ago, my P.
teacher told me,  in order to make yourself seen clearly by others at a long distance, it is necessary to add a desk today.
Since I was familiar with every action.
I thought I could handle this situation.
In recent years, online shopping becomes more fashionable.
Besides, you may be taken in online shopping .
To my opinion, we should choose supermarket carefully.
Because online shipping is cheaper then in shop s. On theother hand, we should choose some known supermarket.
But should be careful.
Firstly, thinking of his career, the ultimate goal is not to punish but to let them correct the mistakes.
Secondly , he should be forgiven only if he can away from the mistakes.
There are also some person against the opinion he should be given another chance.
They think their behaviours had made a bad effect on the society, given the children a bad class, they hurt the fan's heart.
When we were at the bus stop , we usually saw the advertisement board said  No business, no killing  .
The movie star Jackie Chan shot a public service announcement .
It said  No sale no kill  .
I was deeply shocked .
I hate poachers.
People in order to the elephant ivory and killed elephant, in order to horns and killed the rhino, in order to tiger bones and killed the tiger, in order to paws and bear gallbladders and killed the bear , in order to the turtle shell and killed the turtle.
In order to protect wild animals, insights make unremitting efforts.
Many people like eating wild animals, so a few of restaurants in order to make money to have good for diners, such as pangolin, masked civet and kinds of bird and snake.
As long as someone eating wild animals, there are wild animals business.
There also have poachers.
So we must stop eating and buying wild animals.
This is from a source wipe the poaching phenomenon.
The reason is simple.
We should know protecting animals is to protect ourselves.
So start from me, from now start to do.
I heard that you will go to a restaurant near the school next week to work.
Nowadays, many students attach less importance to the spelling of words in the process of English study.
From my point of view, the main reasons for this phenomenon are as follows.
Firstly, I think students pay less attention to spelling, because they study english just in order to cope with example.
Secondly, many teachers don't realize the importance too.
To deal with this problem successfully, I have some suggests.
I think, first, it's necessary to make students realize the importance of spelling, and make them understand the true meaning of study.
Then, I think teachers should change their teach method, and emphasize the importance of spelling, and they should dictate every week.
Suppose you are my English writing teacher's student, you will like her and her class.
I don't know how to describe her .
My English writing teacher's name is SunPingyan, whose English name is Mandy.
She was my last term writing teacher.
She has medium-long straight hair, which is always piled up as a bun behind her head and this makes her elegant.
Given that she is slender, she often likes to wear designer clothes.
Also, she likes smile and I hold that it is her smile that let us believe in her and her class.
In addition, she likes learning more than I can say.
I have learned a lot from her, her class still haunting me.
Nowadays many university students chooses to do part -time job in the holiday.
On the one hand.
someone think socialpractice waste time.
It is important to spend more time on the study for students.
On the other hand , someone encourages university students to take part in social practice.
because they think it's significative.
first , social knowledge will increase.
In my opinion.
As a university students i have joined social practice in sommer holiday.
I felt more happy.
in the process of practice.
I learned thow to communicate with people.
and made new friends and made some money.
But the most important thing is that i understand how to solve the problem.
everyone, my name is Peter.
I study in T internatition school, i like sport very much, i can run very fast, my favorite sport is run.
i am in Class two Grade eight, i like math very much, because, my maths is very good, i don't like english, because i think english is very boring, and enlish teacher is very boring too.
Of course, my grandmother will cook for us delicious food.
I am going to visit the Summer Palace, the Palace Museum, the Water Cube, the Great Wall and so on.
With the development of science and technology , online service plays a more and more essential part in our daily life .
As the saying goes: Piety is the foundation of all virtues.
That means nothing could be more significant than your parents in your life.
Not only do they take a lot to raise you but also they love you and care about you.
They are happy in that you are happy, when you do something wrong, they will help and encourage you .
However, it is totally different in the Western traditions.
The Western children are extremely independent.
When they beg their parents for money, their parents will say:  No problem, dear , I will lend you  , rather than  Here you are  .
As result, most of them know No pains, no gains  .
So they do many things by themselves, what is more , they care of themselves when they are old.
  At that time , I was too young to understand what my mother said.
Years later , I grow up , I know what I should I do when they are old.
Nowadays, I am old enough to know how hard the life is.
As far as I am concerned, I believe my parents are the people that love me best and blood is thicker than water.
In my opinion, it is worthwhile for modern people have little aware of protecting the earth.
As we all know, the weather is becoming much warmer.
We human beings are facing such a serious problem which is over release of CO2 that makes us living harder.
We did have created many hi-technology productions, which make our life more convenient.
A good case in point is the car.
Today, we cannot avoid going out by this kind of machine.
And there is no denying that cars colored our life.
But on the other hand, with more and more cars running on roads, the weather problem becomes so serious that there is nothing like that than ever before.
With the Reform and Opening -up policy being carried out.
As a sophomore, I am so glad to say hello to the freshman , meanwhile, I have something to tell.
First, the most important thing is still to study.
Please do not take it granted that you can do whatever you want.
We just change the place we learn.
In a word, learning more and getting more, because you will find it so important to your career when you graduate from school.
Second, making more friends who you think is worth.
As we all know, we cannot live happily without friends.
Finding someone whom you can share your happiness and sadness with.
Of course, the friend in college is not like what someone say, and it is just more practical and rational.
In this case, we still treat others sincerely, because how we treat others we are treated in this way.
Third, try taking part in the practice activities.
If that, you can know many persons who are differ from your major, which can make you know something new and enlarge your eye-sight.
As far as I am concerned, the last thing to tell is that enjoy your college life as possible as you can.
It becomes more and more common .
As to this issue, opinions vary from person to person .
Some people think it is useless to make the evaluation of teachers from students.
Because they think students usually make their judgements by their own emotion.
and some of the students even give high evaluations to the teachers just because the teacher are funny , easy-going or pay less attention to what they are doing in class.
But others maintain that students'evaluation of teacher is objective.
On the one hand, students'evaluation of teachers is a feasible plan to measure a teacher'teaching level.
On the other hand, it isn'the only way to measure a teacher .
I love my father, whose very easy raeson is he love me too.
He looks after me very well .
My father is a worker, and my family  s host.
He solve my family  s everything, i admire my father, that is because he is very well.
Although my family is very poor, he always buy something for me.
And i always reap something which i try my best to overcome everything frome my father.
When i am depress, my father can make me happy.
He said i should conplain with hem, and have more communication.
Oru relationship like friendship, and i like this relation.
I can talk about everything with my father.
No matter how busy work and more tired.
he always communication with me for some time to find out my mistakes.
He love my father, whose reason just is this.
I look forward to for a long time, labor day has finally arrived.
I like the holiday, because I can go to different places to see a different landscape.
This holiday from three days into the five day, it means I can have enough time to relax.
This holiday is a special holiday.
I especially like a person to a strange place.
I like this feel.
Now talk about my holiday life.
The first day, because we cannot repress the gladness of heart so we got up early and start.
My roommate and I eat breakfast in the canteen.
On this day we strolled the Dalian all schools.
For example, X university of technology and M university.
This day we are walking.
The second and third days the weather is not good, so we had to stay in the dormitory rest.
The fourth day, we went to the X Park and X Square.
We played a lot of excting things.
on february.
Computer has a lot of disadvantages, but also very much.
a computer is like a book to an encyclopaedia, we would have to collect any information, but in the bookstore book was hard to find, you can use the computer to search the web site, first, before entering their names to find information, click search to find himself to find information, it is better than in the bookstore a book for a local much quicker.
The computer is like a movie theater and concert halls, when going to watch a new film or like to listen to music that can be bought or the price is too expensive, you can use the computer interconnected network of the sky searching for himself to the movies and music, click the play, you can set herself to enjoy.
the online games are over and depravity.
But most of them is to make money, in order to make a lot of people playing his own company, the game is designed to be very good, that many young people indulging in some teenagers playing in the game, but since has no money, will be hit to steal and rob, even to kidnapping .
  .
When it comes to this topic, the opinions vary from person to person.
With its wide range of uses, we can recognize our own position by mobile phone's GPS when we get lost.
About this issue, many people have different ideas.
Many tourists don't protect the monuments so that they do harm to many monuments.
As far as I am concerned .
How excited and happy I am.
I am so glad to be admitted to such a great college.
For one thing, our college is bigger and more beautiful than my high shhoolo, It contains talents from all corners of our country.
what's more, to my college life; I am full of expect-ion, I will be a determined and hard-working student, And with the help of my excellent teachers, I will make it.
last but not least , I will take part in society activities to get the ability of communicating .
I think the literature for our lives is essential, a good literature allows us to comprehend a lot of sense, so I suggest the students go to the library to see the next multi-class literature books.
Because of its long splendid history and its beautiful , enchanting campus environment, also its excellent education programs.
But the WAR two was begin , so he must to went to the war just for the U.
Along with the age growth gradually, I find that I have many different views in life and values with my parents.
One day, my parents were listening to classical music when I went home back.
I dislike those music, so I told my parents turned it off or turned it down.
However, they side that it very good and quite.
I can't stand it and turned up my Mp4.
Then, rock music was loudly and fulled of the room.
Finally, my parents with me got into quarrel.
Because they also dislike rock music and boring it.
th November 2014.
I became a college student and college life is interesting happy and relax .college classing let me feeling rich in here I made friends with my roommates.
they are every good our dormitory is only one stranger in oue ciass.
that make us fell good luck .our dormitory has not a native people.of course I came here I miss my parents and my brother and foods.
In the school has many activities but I have no interest in if it is good for me I can join.
Because it can be good for me graduate.
because I want become succeed so I nessary do it.
My drem is become a chinese teacher In the school I am every happy, I have many friends and they let me feeling every kindly brave and sunlight here teachers all good I think they are acquittal every day my roommates and I together ciassing eat sleep and play they not only is friends , but also is sisters.
I am writing to apple for the opportunity to help students in chenxi Hopschool.
I wish to apply for thr job.
I am a 16-year-old boy and studying in chenguang middle school, i have a good knowledge of languages.
i am an outgoing boy, whichcan make it easy to gets along well with others.
The proposal of increasing tuition by 3percent at the beginning of next semester was strongly criticized by the students' government representatives .
Following this issue was the approval of the proposal, which asked to build a new 20,000 seat arena at the cost of $153 million .
I was invited to get involved in the activity which was called 'Experience in China'.
I have learnt a lot.
At first, I got in troble with different culture.
Fortunately, he helped me to get over this difficulty.
Whenever there is a question, we will have a discuss.
During the time, I not only tasted some delicacies, but also watched the Peking Opera.
Compared with other festivals, I like Spring Festival best because everyone would get together on that day.
In a word, I love China.
With the rapid improvement in technology of computer, our traditional way of teaching and learning has greatly changed.
According to some people, they hold that computers will replace teachers.
But in other's opinion, they believe the teacher is irreplaceable.
First and foremost, computers will facilitate our study and arouse our interest.
We could acquire more knowledge from this.
When you find something difficult, just use a computer.
It will give you elaborate explanation and make you understand.
Besides, It will stimulate our independent study.
Without anyone 's help, our self-control may go up a high level.
It is beneficial for us to improve ourselves.
Last but not least, no one would deny that computer is playing a significant role in our daily life.
All in all, computers bring a lot of convenience to us.
And it is essential for our study.
I'm very friendly l think, so I will chant with them and make friend with them.
I well enjoy my work and get along well with my studens.
All students are looking forward to the summer holiday, because they can play computer all day in the summer holiday.
Nevertheless I believe we shouldn't play it all summer holiday.
I suppose we should do some sports in the summer, such as running, swimming and playing football to make us in excellent condition.
We also can travel to some places as well as join some language courses.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat with water to a women.
Sush a phenomenon is reflection that people is lack of honest.
Traditionally, they promise to love each other for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health.
I realized that I wore a bit less the instant I felt very cold and wet even if I was in the classroom.
I had lots of friends when I was a child.
My first friend's name is Zhang Zhexuan.
We studyed in Shang Haidao Primary School.
Zhang zhexuan was a little difficult in class but I didn't, I was very good.
After class we ofen played games together.
For example, we played hide-and-seek.
Our first English teacher is Nancy.
Recently, online course is popular around the world.
More and more school try to teach in internet instead of tradition teaching system.
Secondly, teaching in the internet is convenient to share teach's resource.
Some people are in favor of the rating system.
They think students will attend the teachers' classes every day.
On the contrary, others are strongly against it.
They think that the rating system is bad for teachers.
Students are likely to make a inequitable rate due to the relationships of teachers.
As far as I'm concerned students rating on teachers will act an interactive role.
Students rating on their teachers can break up the absolute authorities of teachers, and will accelerate teaching and learning progress.
In a word, I suggest that students should rate through the fact rather than the personal bias.
Then if your car is on others' way, they can use these numbers on it to call you.
We can play basketball with their.
I had my first two grades at Y Piano Art School (maye that's its name.
I still have a picture of me and and my first school.
When I was in Class Two Grade One, I loved standing in a line and went anywhere together with my class.
That's obviously my favourite activity.
That was a little happiness of a freshman in primary school.
I recall my first Chinese teacher, mats teacher or English teachernow but I have a clear memory of my piano teacher, Mr Qie.
She was strict but warm-hearted and about fifty.
She played piano briliant, Actually she was my first muse  .
But when classes' over, she was just like a mom or granny.
I lived in scool that time, an she cares about me very much.
She even considered me as her own child.
I had two lessons every day.
She was so loving that I woudn't miss my dad and granny when I was with her.
I'll keep her in my mind althugh I don't have lots of memories of her.
About my first friend, she's a girl called Y who draws very well.
That's all I can still remember about her.
First, as we all know, English is a language that popular in the world.
People all over the world all nearly can speak little or more English.
What's more, as our second language, it makes us know that knowledge of another language and culture can broaden our horizons and enrich our life.
It let us take in more knowledge about England.
In addition, I consider English is quite interesting.
Compared with Chinese, it doesn't boring like that.
I regard learning English as my favorite thing.
Long time no see, both Tom and his old friend Ed miss each other all the time.
What's more, they keep in touch with each other by correspondence.
After Tom realized that Ed already died, he became regretful and sorrowful.
At last, Tom missed Ed so much, but it's too late for everything.
From it, we can see the real thing that we should let him or her know at once, and we should never hesitate to express and share the feelings with our friends.
In my opinion, I think that friendship has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.
Friendship is precious for everyone.
The most important thing of friendship should be that everyone should treat each other with whole heart.
In conclusion, please do what you want to do for your friends when you have chance and capability to do it.
Short of both adults and children in the silent about their pain, suffering from ADIS, parents also aids in children, then the pain of torture until the child.
I very want to ADIS mothers say, please don't take pain to the child, although gave them a little time to live, but also bring them a lifr\e pain.
It's the Spring Festival , of course .
Now , we are looking forward to having our festival .
As you know , spring festival is a traditional festival which has been existed for thousand years.
it's important for Chinese to get together to celebrate the festival .
people prepare a lot for it before its coming .
we clean our house which we think can bring our good luck .
when it coming , people dress up and celebrate it with families or friends.
we eat dumpling and many kind of food together .
then most of the people visit their neighbors, friends, families .
Firstly, we should believe our government , anytime , our government must do the most valuable thing to protect our legal rights and those of our users.
Then when we denied some online rumors we should let our family know this is wrong , and they should take care .
This is the first holiday when I went to the university.
Not much holiday homework.
But accustomed to my high school life.
A bit at a loss.
Firstly, I help the dog taken a bath and feed it to eat, then I go out for a walk with it.
This holiday is very meaningful, although I did not like the other students to go to work, travel.
To sum up, this is my holiday, very happy, very meaningful.
Nowadays, many people say the Spring Festival is more and more not 'hit'.
I was so busy with the mother behind, morning and afternoon, until the New Year's Eve to all live busy, then busy Zhawan Zi, fried peanuts, fried melon seeds.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
The above picture illustrates that a boss who sat on the chair refused to adapt a innovative proposal proposed by a young man who standed on the side of the desk.
Perhaps, we have not realized how important innovation is, but we have enjoyed its fruits and reaped the benefits of it.
For instance, in the paleolithic age, human had just hunted game and picked edible wild herbs, while innovativelly planted crops which made human came into the neolithic age.
What is more, innovation has made several new things came into our daily life, such as computer, Internet, vehicle and so on.
As far as I am concerned, our society would stop development and the whole human species would be extinct without innovation or embracing new things.
I'm an undergraduate whose name is LiHua, just finish my commencement .
At half past eight he gets up and washes himself.
At quarter to nine he has delicious breakfast.
At nine he does his homework carefully.
He does it with one and a half hours.
Next he will do some exercises at the park near his home.
He has delicious lunch at twelve.
In the afternoon he has IT or English classes at one o'clock.
He will finish them until three o'clock.
During four to six he reads many different kinds of books.
At half past six he has few meals for dinner.
Then he searches information on the Internet or watches his favorite TV programs.
At half past eight he puts things away.
This is Daming's holiday plan.
There is near one year after I enter the college, gradually, I adjust to this new surrounding and as if forget hihh school study.
In most time, teachers always follow our learning courses, If we have some questions, we can go to office to ask them.
Since I become a university student, classes number is lower than high school, the professor will go after they achieve their courses.
Thanks to your email, I will show my school days for you.
I usually get up at 6 o'clock.
I read English and then leave home at a half past six.
At school, I chat with my friends.
The first lesson starts at a half past seven.
If it is Thursday, the first lessons is English.
I like English very much, Because our teacher that teaches our English is cute and very interesting.
I usually have dinner when I get home.
In the library, everyone is very quiet.
First of all, whenever you enter the library, turn your mobile phone into the mode vibration .
Nowadays, the mobile phone is more and more used in person's life.
In the picture , people are at a party, however they are playing their own mobile phone.
Just now, it's a very common phenomenon, we don't speak with each other, but bow to play mobile phone at the party.
It is not been achieved that the purpose of making the exchange through the party.
As far as I am concerned, the mobile phone should be forbidden to use at the party, but it should be used to making a phone call.
Our teacher takes measure to group cooperative learning this term.
Every coin has two sides, it's improve our team consciousness and friendship.
Unlike in the past regardless of others but yourself.
Let's go to study in the happiness amophorae.
However, it have some shortcomings.
The classroom discipline sometimes bad when our students is talking with each other.
So, we're responside for own education.
Nowdays, the development of tourism is very rapid, which can promote the development of the local economy.
For this, there is a extensive discussion.
As far as I'm concerd, we shouldn't limit its development because it has became an important insdutry and promotes the development of related industries.
Second , the government needs to strengthen the protection of tourist spots in the propaganda work.
For us , we should improve the consciousness to protect the cultural relics and historic sites.
In recent years, online shopping is becoming more and more popular.
Many people like shopping online.
However, some people take the different views.
First, people don't always know the quality of online purchase goods.
If you buy a bad good, I think your mood is so bad.
Second, it will let people become very lazy.
When you go shopping, you are doing exercise.
But you don't go out, you will become lazy to do anything.
Third, when you are busy, you want to buy something you need.
In my opinion, I think there are good ways and bad ways.
People can buy something what you can't find it in th local store.
Online shopping have many chose the beautiful goods.
But we should also go out shopping.
Since 2008 financial crisis, the Chinese government has took a set of actions to protect economy, including the stable monetary policy,4000 billion plan snd so on .
when looking back into the Japanese economic history, there are some common features similiar with the present condition.
First of all, we must change the exporting oriented economy structure, going a way that economic growth relying on domestic demand.
China has a large population ,70% of which is living on agriculture.
Second, what we have to convert is the situation that the economic growth mainly depends on goverment's driving to increase the power of inter-motivation of economy.
Breaking monoply, lowing the sill of civilian investment and guiding more capital flowing into civilian companies can be very efficient.
Third, we should utilize all kinds of measures to protect our infant industry.
It is essential to focus ondeveloping the service industry.
In order to make our school life more and more interesting, I think everyone should take part in after-school activities, such as social activity, sports, and watching English movies.
My favorite activity is watching English films.
In my opinion, if you want to exchange ideas with other students and work in teams, you can join in social activity.
If you enjoy taking exercise, sports is a good choice.
Different national have different Learning Style.
For our Chinese, My personal experience has led me to believe that one can be flexible in one learning practices.
Having been brought up in a traditional Chinese family, So that, the international student experience, and hence has limited our ability to conceptualise a quality education for these students.
Merely accepting and sucking everything the teacher said.
However, this changed with exposure to other methods of learning and I now enjoy the constructivist approach in learning.
However .
Nowadays, online shopping has become a direction, More and more person prefer online shopping to outside shopping.
Online shopping can solve many problems, For example, we needn't take the bus or subway that will lose a lot of time and energy.
When it comes to positive aspects, it's extremely convenient and time-saving compared with traditional shopping because it brings us a lot of convenience.
However, just as everything has two sides, online shopping also has many disadvantages.
First of all, most products have intently evil quality.
We can only see the things of the photos on the web page, so their quality is not so good as it looks.
In addition, we sometimes feel surprise because this was not stained from life.
On the whole, via the above analysis, l believe online shopping has a brilliant future intensely.
Everyone wants to have a good future.
But you need to do something improve your qualification and catch chance.
In China, more and more people choose to take civil service exams.
They hope to become government employees and they think it is a good choice.
As a college student, you should to learn how to plan our own life.
If you become a civil servant, you will have comfortable life and do same things .
As far as l'm concerned, the exam is challenging and exciting.
We have different ideas and choices.
Accorading to your idea and plan is right.
If you want to become a civil servant, you'll take the exam.
Howevet, if you have not more interest you'll feel boring.
As far as I'm concerned, the reservation  means responsibility  .
First of all, reservation can make the work orderly at the restaurant.
Afterwards reservation, the customer could have some psychological comfort.
Include such basic information as guest name, telephone number, address, number of guests and sit-down time.
When the guests tell the above information, repeat the above information to the guests.
Nowaday, campus romance is everywhere in university, and more and more students are keen on pursuing campus romance.
On the one hand, the campus romance is basis on the economic, as a result, we students are consumers that we don't have enough resource to pay for something.
As for me, I am in favour of making friends on campus.
However, romance isn't representative of love, we must build up our ability to deal with the normal relationship between boys and girls.
One reason is that smoking usually become habit behaviour and habits , whether good or the bed are not easy to be given up .
In many cities , smok-ing is forbidden in public places.
And newspapers asked not to polish advertisements for cigarettes .
Since the NAFTA went into effect and the WTO was created, the US's trade deficits and unemployment have accelerated rapidly.
work.
My name is H.
high school student.
I will tell you somethimg about this camp.
on sunday, we get to Sichuan.
Then, we have a taining.
If you could take, we would be very happy.
I'm look forward to seeing you.
Therefore, with the development of high economy, a large number of pollution growths and the increase of people's living standards day by day, there is a growing number of garbage.
At first of place, we know a lot of waste that is becoming a marvelous pollution source to big city's development and the garbage on the environmental pollution has a serious problem.
If a lot of living garbage cannot get effective treatment, it real result in a big pollution to our environment and surrounding water, air and soil.
Living garbage can devided into four categories that recoverable garbage, kitchen waste, harmful waste and other waste.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival all the year round for the Chinese.
So I decorated the house with the character 'Fu' and some paper-cuts on the New Year's Eve.
In addition, I also helped my mother clean the room in order to sweep the bad luck.
In the evening, my family had a big dinner.
And then we enjoyed the Spring Festival Gala evening together.
At midnight, we went out to set off firecrackers.
On the New Year's day, I visited my grandpa and grandm and they gave me the lucky money.
A collegeis a school who has a very large land .
There are many buildings.
I would study harder than my middle school time .
During three years.
I hope to meet a girl .
Nowadays online shopping is becoming fashionable.
For example, shopping on the internet can release our many times.
In addition, consumers have more choices and can do some comparison when they are going shopping online.
Then just waiting for the express.
The most important is that we can purchase the foreign goods.
The goods are cheaper than store's.
However each coin have two sides.
Online shopping also have disadvantages.
Some times people would be cheated online without wariness.
It is not that easy for consumers to distinguish the fake and the real without looking at real things.
I suppose that we should pay more attention when shopping on the internet.
We should make a better environment for shopping online, effective measures should be taken to make it better.
It will increasing number of customers.
I think online shopping will be much more popular in the near future.
But everyone has themself opinions about the thing.
In china, the majority people use QQ to work and make friend .
All my friends have their QQ for contact each other.
So, it is necessary to everyone.
It's fall now.
We can enjoy ourselves and play some games.
Before winter comes, the weather is cool.
So we should dress on warm clothing and buy some warmer clothes for the cold winter.
I am a student come from GANSU province so I don't know about the weather of LUOYANG.
I hope I can adapt to the cold weather well.
It's so cold in winter, but it will be fun because we can play with snow.
My favourite season is winter.
Winter is a beautiful and cold season.
The fall will be end, so I am happy to welcome the winter comes.
Before winter comes, the weather is cool.
We should do more exercise and keep our body healthy.
My neighbor lost himself in music.
So I was very angry.
I made a suggestion to him.
He promised that he will turn down and he said sorry to me.
Some people suggest that it will bring us a lot of benefits.
It's my great honour for me to share my feelings and ideas with everyone.
The reason why I feel surprised is that my first impression about my university is magnificent.
Then, as for freshmen, the university is so big that we lost our ways.
Last but not least, I hope I get through my power to adapt to the new conditions and dig into my books.
No matter what I choose, can I stick out trying my best to study hard.
Meanwhile, I believe that only if I stand up to the next challenge on my goal, can miracles happen every day.
Only we work hard, must we make our dream come true.
We have breakfast, lunch and dinner.
We share happy , bear burden \ .
It has become a popular trend to online shopping.
A few years ago, many people are accustomed to shopping in a mall.
However, all coins have two sides, there are certain advantages and disadvantages of online shopping.
As the same time, shopping on the internet has a lot of advantages.
Generally speaking, most of the people choose online shop have an important reason.
That is convenient.
For example, if you tend to buy something but don't want to go out, obviously you just need surf the internet and click the mouse.
As a result of the internet is a false world, therefore, online shopping also has it is disadvantages, on the one hand, the first advantage is that consumers can't see the goods or try them on personally.
As far as I am concerned, we should be careful.
Besides, you can't trust others.
Certainly, we also need consume reasonably on the internet.
One day, Lucy and her friend Nancy were playing on a lawn, they were playing hide and cheat.
so she went in to the cave and hide behind a large stone.
Suddenly, she saw a small thing shining under the stone.
She pushed the big rock and then .
. She couldn't belive her eyes a beautiful blue box!
It is on 25 December, the day when christians celebrate.
Yes, you will very happy.
I will tell a story about Christmas .
A long sock which children leave out when they go to bed on Christmas Eve so that it can be filled with presents.
At that day our English teacher give me a surprise.
I hope we can get the Christmas holidays.
I think we are not thinking Christmas is important, why we always celebrate it and can get presents that day.
No 4 mibble school , the largest becuful school in our county, lies noth of the zunyi county.
Thier are student more than 2000 people and beautiful environment of school .
People busy day, there is little time to focus on such a minor matter of the food safety.
Nonetheless in the last decade, food safety but high-profile.
In 2008, Sanlu Company place of the chemical additives into the milk instead of the protein.
The exposure of the incident shocked the Chinese and foreign people.
Some foreign media even suspected the milk and food safety in Beijing Olympic Games.
In 2011, the illegal cooking oil event one's criminal conspiracy was unmasked.
Some expert pointed out that prolonged use of waste oil will conduce to the carcinogenic.
There are two examples of many cases.
Confronted of the threat of the impossible to guard against in our life, we should take measures to avoid them, here are some tips.
First, avoid going to restaurants.
Despite the dishes in restaurants are more delicious and more convenience, but it means more chemical additives.
Cooking at home is tedious, but cleaner.
Second, shopping in a supermarket instead of at a stall.
A stall might cheap, but the quality cannot be guaranteed.
Hard-working is relative to success.
For example, I'm lazy when I enter in high school, and my English tests are always failed.
Therefore , I spare no effort to study at the expense of my leisure time .
First, it is difficulty achieving success when you first time do it even if you are luck.
Where there is a will , there is a way.
Lately a hot discussion on Studying abroad or finding a job has come to people's attention.
Second, finding a job means stepping into society earlier.
That is to say, you can get more chances to train your determination and courage.
According to the survey, a host of high school students support to get online frequently.
There are three main reasons for it.
First and formost that they can access to knowledge and broaden their horizons.
What's more, they can communicate and share with their friends.
On no account can we ignore the negative impact of getting online, therefore some are opposed to it.
It is bad for eyes.
In my opinions, we should not spend too much time getting online.
The first thing I came here is to learn how to adjust to college life as quickly as possible.
Including wash clothes, buy daily supplies, even you may be go to some classes alone.
At present, graduates choose their career in many different field in our country.
In view of severe employment situation, more and more graduates tend to be boss of themselves rather than to apply for a job.
As a matter of fact , there are still many graduates want to work in a big company or in government so that they can live a decent life .
As we all know, men and women war different in every aspect.
In employment choice is still so .
Men are more ambitious while women want to find a stable job.
Most of men are eager to achieve their goal, but for most of women , they are not stronger than men and they care more about family .
We can, therefore, come to the conclusion that the employment situation is severe in our country.
Not only our government should take effective measures but as well ourselves should learn to improve in every aspect.
A photo on the Internet shows that the lack of social rules and regulations awareness leads to many avoidable traffic accidents .
We learn with pleasure from www.Cantonfair.com that your company sells scarf, which is attractive.
We compare you with other companies.
I'd like to introduce some details about the after-school activities .
I take part in club activities where students get together to do some interesting things .
Besides , I always play football with my friend, Tom, for I believe that doing exercise is a good way to improve our health .
In addition, I 'll see an English movie when I feel tired .
I have some suggestions to students.
Taking part in after-school activities is an interested, useful thing , which make you relaxed .
There are many knowledgeable people, this is the place where dreams begin.
My favorite place at school is the reading room because it is very big and bright.
I like reading books and magazines there because they not only povide me with much knowledge, but also helps me learn a lot about what has happening around the world.
Sometimes i even feel i can have a talk with the people in the books.
Nowadays, more and more programmes present to TV.
Nonetheless my most favorite TV program is CCTV5.
As everyone knows, this program reports some news about sports, including basketball, swimming, running and so on.
The programme is official, and the reports are more accurate than other programmes'.
In reality, I love exercise extremely much.
My favorite sport is basketball.
I frequently watch basketball games.
Interpretation is also professional, frequently let me immerse in it.
In reality, the programme to meet the needs of us.
Nowadays, a considerable number of school education focus on the education of the students' abilities to study.
However, more and more people realize that to build a harmonious society not only needs graduates who have professional skills, but also needs the youth with noble character.
Character education is important to the students' growth.
It helps students to get along well with others.
It develops the students'qualities of honesty, generosity, gratefulness and so on.
And, it improves the students' efficiency in study and work.
What's more, it cultivates the students' sense of responsibility to their family and country.
From this, it can be seen that character education also has a close relation to the development of our country.
My mother takes care of me all the time, she is around me when I need help.
Unlike my father, who is so severe and dusy, my mother is very kind, when I make mistakes, she will not angry, she tells me to take care of these mistakes and should not make them next time.
People have a different attitude to it .
There arises a problem that a child should not cry but be a big boy  .
What children need is our patience.
You are crying because your parents don't buy the toy that you are addicted to.
But your parents tell you that a child should not cry but be a big boy  .
For a growing number of people, to use e-book whenever it is necessary.
E-book becomes a modern thing in people's life.
Admittedly, e-book has its own advantages.
As a high-tech product, e-book makes it convenient for people.
People no longer need to consult a trail of books and only need to have an e-book.
Enter the contect you need and you will get the answer in a few times.
Undoubtedly, it can save our time and money.
People don't have a necessity to go to a physical bookstore and spend money purchasing.
However, there are shortcomings with e-book.
Internet is a public place and thousands of people use it.
People don't have their own pivarcy because what they do would be seen by others.
In my view, e-book will be necessary in the future.
My school is a common school.
This is our school.
Mrs Sun is my English teacher.
She is twenty years old, and she looks very nice.
She is quite tall, with big eyes and short hair, and she wears glasses.
She always wears dresses.
She is always friendly to us, and she is very kind.
Her all students love her very much.
She likes singing and dancing.
When talking about why parents help children to be independent, quite a few some people believe that most parents want to meet the children's requirement, and they willing to do anything for the children, so the children like to do everything ask their parents to help.
In accordance with the situation, the children will not dependent.
As far as I am concerned, I think, in order to the children dependent, parents should to give the children enough freedom.
Every time, when I thought this, I do not know how to spend it.
First , I will spend it on the things I need, such as like clothes and food, these almost cost 150 yuan.
And I have 50 yuan left, it can use for my bills.
To be a good teacher, you should rich in knowledge to teach student clear and organised.
to give students a good impression, you must be kind and patient with them.
active class, so that teacher should be amusing and interesting.
But, a good teacher also must pay attention to something about tesching.
when students make mistakes, you should answer questions until everyone understands.
The Dragon Boat Festival , also referred to as the Duanwu Festival, is an annual holiday falling on fifth day of the fifth month in chinese lunar calender every year.
In the Dragon Boat Festival, we have many funny activities to spend the holiday.
The most important activity is the Dragon Boat race, which gives the name of this festival.
The game needs boats and people as many as possible.
Then this boats compete for number one.
The Dragon Boat race attracts many people all around the country to visit every year.
As the rapid development of social modernization , the Chinese traditional festival activities are becoming gradually disappeard.
Many people just regard this traditional festivals as holidays.
They prefer to stay at home rather than go out.
As far as I am concerned, we should promote Chinese cultrual and not forget the traditional activities.
Support1: First of all, she showed us some ppt to teach us how to write an essay with logical, the basic writing is we knows the support and point of your essay.
The Spring Festival is very important for all of Chinese.
Because it is the beginning of the new year.
Before the Spring Festival, people should prepare for it.
For example, we will paste couplet and buy some food to eat.
And during the Spring Festival, people are very happy to set off firecrackers.
It means good fortune.
Our school is very big.
There are a lot of rooms in it.
Such as he was written in the passage: This is no time to moralise on the follies of countries and governments which have allowed themselves to be struck down one by one, when by united action they could have saved themselves and saved the world from this catastrophe.
It is undoubtedful that dishonesty can support us to get much money.
But if we think twice after then, we might find that there will be less and less money you can earn.
To be fankly, being honest may not only be beneficial to others, but also ourseves.
When we do business with others with a heart of honesty, althongh we may not earn a lot, we will obtain trust from others, which might be the most precious treasure we have got.
My parents and We have different values and beliefs.
As a result of them very fear.
One day, I am watching TV, the TV program is very fascinating.
So I don't doing ever-ything.
However, My father ask me .
I don't make a voice.
So father turn down it.
I am not happy.
and My father very angry.
We are have a quarrel.
I hope My parents who should give me many time.
I think it my fault and say sorry for father.
Must say, Xi'an is a true resort.
As far as I am concerned, I think we can combine through read a good book and take part in practice on the appropriate time.
It's beyond my expectations that I could receive the mug within two days.
I have a lot of birthday present.
Because these place is very beautiful.
There are a lot of fun.
There is a park.
There is a ferris wheel.
There is a pirate ship.
There is a roller coaster.
I play a lot.
I'm very happy.
When I have my own consciousness, I recognized the first person I know was neither my mother nor father, but my dear grandmother.
She just likes a sort of sunshine which warms my heart all of my whole life.
She encouraged me, supported me and built me great bravery of facing difficulties.
I was born in a poor family, and I lived with my father and grandmother.
At the meantime, I am a sickly girl.
Nonetheless no matter how hard it is, grandmother can always brought me some snacks as if by magic.
That made me feel extremely happy when I was in hospital.
And she was just sat beside me and look at me with a satisfied smile.
A few years later, it's time for senior high school.
I still remember that I told my complaint and grievance of my vain diligence and cried to her.
She just asked me to work hard, and never give up.
Now, even if she cannot sit beside me anymore, she is kept in my heart deeply.
My hometown is located in north~east AhHui.
For example: Firstly, the environment is suit for people live.
Secondly, the sight is very beautiful because of it has lots of lakes and waters.
Last but not least, MaAnShan is famous for a kind of aron.
Nowaday Environmental protection is more and more important.
Now human to its own interesrs , tortured the earth mother's eyes out.
there id onlu one earth, and the earth is facing serious environmental crisism  save the earth at once  has become the world the strongest question of the people.
the people is in dangerous now.
people use more and more chemicals, water and soil polution is more and more serious.
so we are protect the environment at once.
the government encourages people to low carbon life.
I think enbironmental protection should start from the baby.
Society developing, the phenomenon of global warming which is caused by greenhouse gases such as dioxide carbon is graver and graver.
And the sea level rises year by year, so we should put the problem into the first place.
Aside from global warming, another problem we should solve is the discreasing of natural resources.
The population of human growing with a large margin we need more natural resources is limitted.
When I was young, my teacher and my mother asked me, ''is it good to read''I was very seriously answer, ''Of course, read is a critical part of learning and growth.
However, with the increase of age, the understanding of reading gradually improve.
In ancient times, Sun Quan advised Lu Mong to read, then, Lu Mong will have after three days, sit up and take notice.
This is an example of reading important books.
Also appeared some idiots.
So learning to learn well, cannot read or die.
Deng Xiaoping proposed, practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
I agree.
As people thonght.
My name is X.
I'm from F, D.
I'm the only child in my family.
My grandfather and grandmother is very kind to me.
I love listening to some light music, reading books and doing some sports like badminton and volleyball.
After entering college, I felt very confused.
I have no idea how to realize my dream.
The most important thing is that they support me.
So I will try my best to make up my mind to study hard.
I believe that I can create my wonderful life.
If you think the word is beautiful that the world is beautiful, if you think the world is dark that the world is dark.
As Dutch humanist Desiderius Erasmus says nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
I still can remember that when I was very young my mother and my father was very busy and I was brought up by my grandparents.
In my memory , there is a small river near my grandparent's house, at that time the sky was light blue as well as the water in the river .
when it is sunny outside my grandfather always take me to the riverbank for a walk.
But , Decades years has gone , our deforestation has already destroyed a large quantities of trees and accelerate the speed of soil erosion.
With the development of industry , three industrial wastes has become more and more serious .
Several tens of years' pollution , we can hardly see a river so clear that we can see the bottom , what's more, a number of aquatic products are suffering with catastrophe.
From my point of view, It is high time that we should do something to save our earth as well as ourselves .
Be faced with exhaustible, population growth sandstorm and so on .
I have studied at the college for a year, during this year I went through many different things that I have never met in middle school.
From these things, I got many useful experiences.
We as college students are going to work soon, so to apply to society, what we have got, experience, ability, knowledge and whatever.
Some college students choose graduate school when they finish their senior year.
But as for me I prefer to find a job rather than go on studying, because it will cost more money, and the same problem is we still have to face many difficulties when we find the job.
Some students' reasons that they choose to go on studying are they just want to escape reality.
They should take responsibility for what their parents have done.
In today's world, most of the people want to be beautiful.
Some people even sacrifice their health to aspire to be beautiful, such as losing weight excessively in order to look more slim.
What's more serious is that you're possibly to dislike eating food.
It's not sensible to do it.
Beauty can be seen as two parts, one is external, the other is inherent.
In my opinion, inherent beauty is the most important.
Health is the most valuable thing that you must take care of.
Generally speaking, it's not worth sacrificing your health for beauty.
In the movie, when the reporter asked the kid who also suffered from AIDS what would he like, he answered:  I wanted a pair of shoes.
Didn't toies, didn  t foods, only a pair of shoes, this wish for us is very simple, but for him is difficult.
Because his foots was cold.
At that time, I cried.
Then we also need to exercise such as playing basketball, jogging and so on.
This is my school, this is beautiful and big.
There are some teacher rooms in the first floor.
There are a lot of class rooms.
There are some teacher rooms in the second floor .
There are a lot of class rooms.
There are some teacher rooms in the third floor.
There are a lot of class rooms.
There are some teacher rooms in the forth floor.
There are a lot of class rooms.
One evening, actually earlier than evening, the sun began to sink.
After a while, it was getting darker and darker.
My mother and I was taking a walk after dinner in the park.
We talked all the way and soon we came to a long stair.
  I know I answered.
It took us a long time to move a few steps.
Suddenly, mom stopped.
In the dark, I felt that she caught me, firstly on my arm, and then on my wrist.
It seemed that she fumbled for a long time to hold me.
I still remembered it was cold that day.
The moment she hold my hands I became warm at once.
It was an episode.
  I was totally astonished and moved.
A lot of memories called to my mind.
When I was a little girl, mom just held my hand and sent me to school like this.
The reasons are as follows.
First, the bad habits have made us waste a lot of things.
For example, we thrown paper anyway.
Second, we had a bad environment in our campus.
The environment problems need us to creating a conservation-oriented campus.
Third, the energy crisis is a global problem around us.
In my point of views, improving the attention about creating a conservation-oriented is the radical way.
Creating a conversation-oriented campus is a long and tough task to complete.
We should take our efforts to do it better.
I try to cook but I burnt it.
In addition, write compositions on my dream.
I was never aware of the importance of the dream, and never thought about that question why we must have a dream.
Of course, the dream just is an abstract concept.
However it takes us belief.
What's more, if we have a dream, we can set series of goals to achieve step by step.
No one wants to be a loser.
On the contrary everyone does their best to get a superior life.
As far as I am concerned, the human differ from animals in thinking.
Sometimes we are in a tight corner, and despair of life.
Some of my classmates hold a quite supportive attitude toward students getting online frequently .
But every coin has two sides, the other students objected to them.
Besides, it took us a large amount of valuable time and energy.
I think, we should consider the computer to be an important tool.
Widely-used expressions arise out of social , political and cultural changes.
In my youth some experience was to change my whole out look on life.
I even demanded myself almost everyday that you should be wrapped up in your study instead of being concentrated on computer games .
To a great degree, I believed that I would accomplish what was expected of me by means of encouraging myself .
Nonetheless, in fact every time I decided to make some progress I always became more tired of living up to my parents' expectations .
In many cases, the chances are that you are capable of achieving your purpose, and yet you also need use your strong character to the best advantage.
I guess everyone feels like making a positive impression.
But a sea of people don't know how to do it.
Now I will share my opinions with you about making a lively impression.
It is first and most essential thing that you should be honest.
If you always tell lies, nobody will get along with you , and no matter what you do , it's useless.
Besides you can make yourself warmhearted.
If you often help others, they will think you are kind and your impression will gradually improve.
What's more, you should communicate with your classmates, friends and people with whom you are familiar .
Let them know your thoughts.
Hi, my chinese name is C.
My English name is Jodie.
I come from S.
There are many tasty foods in S.
So you can have a good time when enjoying it.
I am an outgoing, easygoing and not tall girl.
I very like eating foods.
I also like traveling.
My favorite sport is playing badmiton, but I not play so well.
I also like Taekwondo.
I think it is so fantastic.
I think being a teacher may more fit to me.
From college, I want to learn more knowllege and make more friends.
I am trusting a word that you will across the bridge when you get to it.
That is me.
I am YG.
I really enjoy my free time.
I like riding a bike very much.
I like playing football, too.
Because I love Messi very much.
He is a good football player.
I like playing football with cwj.
Because he play football very well.
This is my free time.
Some people think that help strangers is a virtve, because everyone has needed help.
Choose go abroad that can learn other country's culture .
There is no doubt that make different choose led to different life.
Move your full roll to a cutting board.
Today, and not the same as usual.
I do not think in bed, I have breakfast quickly and then go to the library and read books.
I sat on lawn with friends talk.
I go to the playground to play roller coaster.
My mood is unable with the language to describe.
This is happier holiday.
Everyone will dream of their future.
So do I.
Obviously I want to find a job which both pays me well and interests me.
An increasing number of people are becoming aware of the significance of health.
I want to adapt myself to the development of social.
With the development of social, more and more people fall ill because they go on a wrong diet.
In my opinion, once a habit is formed, it is difficult to get rid of it.
So I really hope that I can try my best to help them.
On the one hand, a right diet is necessary for maintaining a healthy body.
On the other hand, everyone has bad habit.
''A close mouth catches no flies''.
Thus a man should definitely be sure of what to eat and what not.
I hope that I am helpful.
I suppose that they will live a good life if they eat as I tell them.
Meanwhile, more and more people complained that they have a short life.
To settle this problem, I think that the reason for it.
To sum up, they go on a wrong diet.
In the future, everyone will need a dietitian.
So I will expand my scope of knowledge.
As a dietitian, I should learn the ingredient of every eatables and their nutritional value.
Besides, I will learn to cook.
I suppose that it will help me to obtain more knowledge about health.
In short, I will be a dietitian in the future.
I believe my dream can come true.
An ocean of people do not agree with it, but I think it can benefits people.
Besides, you will gain some working experiences, which will be of great help when you are finding a job in the future.
I'm a student in a university .
I have a friend as English, I passed he realized that the UK is a beautiful country, I want to go to UK to have a look.
The reason that I choose the job, because I also want to pass this opportunity to exercise your English skills, let his English is more and more good .
With the growth of peoples' life standards, a great many of them possess their own cell phone.
obviously, cell phone indeed bring about convenience to us, it make it possible to obtain information swift, it enable us to contact our friend easily, and so on .nevertheless, it is a obstacle in some way.
some people use it to chat with net friends day and night, and others play mini-games as if it is their routine.
they are overusing it and the prime consequence is wasting lots of time, other influence is it prevent us from focusing on important thing , moreover, addicted to it deeply many cause considerable inconvenience.
Some people think reading need selective , and to choose good books to read .
Scribbling and littering would leave the others a bad impression.
My first impressions of her is that she is a strict but enthusiastic teacher.
Ms.
Yu has many intresting teaching methods so I do not think I will feel bored in her classes.
My English grades were not very good in senior high school and I failed in the first test in senior high school.
After that, Ms.
As far as I'm concerned that study English in HUST is more fancy .
I don't have much time to study English in that our major is extremely busy .
And my English level is down soon, therefore I choose the double degree in HUST to study and improve my English.
In HUST.
I can share very luxuriant English resources and assume some special practice.
These are intensely helpful to me to study English.
Besides, major English in HUST can touch lots of classmates from different college or different major.
We can communicate with each other and it's a pretty effective way to study English.
English learning is always the most important part in my life.
Being good at communicating is my advantage, so it never be difficult for me to make friends in English.
And I hope Mr.
Ma can teach us more about different cultures in differnet countries.
When it comes to fears of the following 4 years at college, memorizing vocabularies Must be the first one.
So I wish that Mr.
Ma could help me in tihs part.
In a word, I hope college English can gives me more surprises.
With the development of the economic environent problems are increasingly prominent.
Gasoline and eventually emissions is out of a large number of waste gas.
Carbon dioxide will make global warming and temperature rise.
Population is growing fast lead to global warming an important one reason.
Population growth to reclaim needs to be more land to ensure that the human places to live.
Vegetation coverage reduced, absorb carbon dioxide also reduce along with it.
Carbon dioxide is absorbed not only emission into the atmosphere, so atmospheric carbon dioxide from the increase in.
We should protect the earth to do things.
In order to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, we are going to start from the little things.
Although we can not do to reduce the number of cars.
But we can use fewer cars.
Go out as far as possible when less open private cars, more than a bus or sit up greener bicycle.
We don not go to destory plants, rather than to a variety of trees.
A year of a tree, a spike in invreasingly will have a lot of vegetation, and do not feel free to trample lawn.
The earth is our common home.
Everyone has a responsibility to take good care of it.
A little ever everything can cause environment pollution.
I went to the grassland during the vacation.
I went to the grassland with my best friends by train.
There are many beautiful scenerise in the grassland.
I breathed fresh air and looked transparent sky.
I like it very much.
when we arrived at the grassland, we can see many horses and sheep.
People live in ger.
We rode on a horse in the grassland, but I have a friends to get hurt.
So we have to be worried about him and hope him turn better soon.
We ate sheepment and beef.
The sheepment and beef is so delicious that we full of praise.
We have a good time during this tirp.
Nowadays, more and more students enter colleges.
thus, a part of college students form some unhealthy habits.
For example, sleeping late, addicted to the computer games and somking and so on.
It is hurtful for health.
Firstly, if a person sleep later, he will become relaxed.
Sometimes, he feels annoy.
Secondly, if a person drink some beers, his stomach will be hurt.
Thirdly, if a person is addicted to playing games.
He won't concentrate on learning.
these actions have effect on college students'living.
College is a wide society.
Everyone is freedom.
So we learn own controlling.
A good sleep is a part of success.
Some people think if they have much money, they can do many things.
It can make them feel happiness.
Just as the old saying goes It will never too old to learn.
as she jumped down with her bundles, houseworkwhile he reflected, looking over her slight person: She don't look much on housework, but she ain't a fretter, anyhow.
Then he learned that one other spirit had trembled with the same touch of wonder: that at his side, living under his roof and eating his bread, was a creature to whom he could say: That's Orion down yonder; the big fellow to the right is Aldebaran, and the bunch of little ones-like bees swarming-they're the Pleiades.
it seemed to Ethan that the art of definition could go no farther, and that words had at last been found to utter his secret soul.
And now let me introduce it in detail.
 Teaching Building are on the southwest of the Office Building .
Science Building is on the southeast of the Office Building .
There is a very big Paking Lot between the two buildings .
The Playground is on the southwest of the Basketball Court .
First of all, thank you for giving me the chance to speak.
My name is J.
a very easygoing boy and I have no difficulty in speaking English.
is very important for us to learn English well.
Because, English can not only improve our knowledge but also can help us when we communicating with each others.
I want to set up an English corner , in which who want to speak English well can benifit alot from English corner.
Please choose me.
That is all.
She has light black eyes and long straight hair.
She is very enthusiastic, friendship and kind-hearted.
What's more , As she watched the moving film, her eyes filled with tears .
My mother does business about twenty years .
In memories.
Over the years , we have always lived apart until now .
So I missing her very much all the time .
From many aspects , As a mother , she is successful .
With the fast-growing population in China, more and more universities have been expanding their enrollment.
For one thing, considering our current situation, our country being a large population of nearly one billion, the problem of  difficulty in going to college  seems particularly crucial to us.
At the same time, we can't ignore the fact that a growing number of children have a better chance to go to school owing to the rapid development of China.
It is not easy for them to get through the courses from the kindergarten to the high school.
It is unfair to them.
In this respect, I am strongly in favor of universities' expansion of enrollment.
Because of the policy, the proportion of high school graduates going to college has been increasing.
For another, for the sake of the individual, being admitted into the university means having better opportunities to take hold in the society compared with those who don't go to the university.
This may be my one-sided view.
But nine times out of ten, it is true when applied to the society.
As a result, they are capable of generating their own ideas and grow up more mature, which lays a solid foundation for their future.
  We hold this truth to be self-evident to some degree.
That's why we have no business, let alone other people or groups, depriving teenagers of the right to receive a college education.
I like running best.
Because it not only can make me healthy but also it's easy to do.
I frequently running for the weekend with my sister or my brother.
In the future, I hope to be a running player when I grow up.
My parents are proud of me.
When it comes to my college life, I think of two words.one is colorful, the other peaceful.
I still remember the first day I set foot in this college.
Buildings were surrounded by many trees.
Fashionable dressings were here and there.
What I saw was really fresh.
Time spent at a university is a most worthwhile period in a young persors life.
This is a time when a student begins to form his or her ideas about life in general.
During the time a student spends at university, be not only develops his intellectual ahilites, healso develop social skills as knowledge and wisdom necessary for choosing a future career.
I am very happy that I was admitted in the beautiful college.
I will work hard because I want to get a scholarship.
Things don't happen.
Nothing in the world is difficult unless you put your heart into it.
I heard that you are interested in my school, our school has a lot of good place, but I'd like to introduce you the library, because I think the library is the symbol of a school building, and literature.
Not afraid of life is not good and they were afraid to not good name.
I have a good name and I love it.
We are very busy on Wednesday.
Look at the boy next to the table.
He is me.
I am doing my homework.
Look at the woman is my mother and she is also writing, but she isn't doing homework.
She is writing letters to her friends.
Look at my father.
He is sitting on the armchair and reading newspapers.
Firstly, their children didn't pay much attention to take care of their parents; secondly , inadequate protection of the policy , our country was a typical of old before rich , our government can't safeguard people's life but they enact the family planning policy .
Thirdly the social helping have some problem.
Now, many literary workshave been made into a movie, so it has a view.
But I don't think so.
Some class think it is good to learn English, They think they can learn English better by helping each other, they think they can learn more in English class.
My parents gave me a mobile phone as a gift when I entered college.
Since then it has become one of my most valuable possessions.
The brand of my mobile phone is 	Motorola  , whose logo M is carved above my screen.
In fact, it has two layers connected by a thick shaft.
One layer is the screen, the other layer is a keypad.
Judged from its exterior, my mobile phone is just like a little computer.
Meanwhile, its functions are also like a computer.
With the exception of functions as calling, texting, music, camera and others which are possessed by normal mobile phones, my mobile phone can surf the internet, download software, novels and movies, do video calling and offer dictionary to the language study.
I have used my mobile phone for 2 years, during which he has offered me great conveniences as I have listed.
From the picture, we can see an old woman sitting in front of the mirror and feeling lonely as her child isn't accompanied with her.
Actually, the phenomenon of aged people staying at home alone is becoming more and more general with the development of the society.
Even if young people have to earn money to support their family so that they can survive in this cruel society.
However, it's not the excuse to leave our parents alone at home because they are the our closest people in this world.
They need us.
What's more, though they are old, having no energy to make jokes with us, however, they still miss us no matter where we are.
Besides, if a person becomes older and older, he or she may have difficulties to deal with many things.
The person I admire most is Mao Zedong.
He was the first chairman of the new China.
He is not only a far-sighted strategist, but also a gifted poet.
When I was a child, I always read his poem.
His outstanding military ability enabled him to lead the Red Army to get out of difficulties.
He made a lot of compassionate people policy, and combating corruption.
Even though he did many wrong decision in his old age.
He still is an excellent hero.
There are many kinds of examinations today.
As students, we are familar with the examinations.
From primary schools to universities, we have gone through sorts of examinations.
Needless to say, it is universally acknowledged that it take us much tome to get another temporary employment.
Welcome to this year's English speech competition.
The topic this year is The English Novel I Like Best  .
For better performance in the competition, the competitors should take notice of some requirements.
Everyone shall make the speech in five minutes.
As far as I'm concerned, the competition can provide a channel through which we can promote our listening and speaking abilities of English as well as developing the habit of reading.
So.
Your passage will be published on the column FOREIGN CULTURE on our school newspaper.
Most of us growed up with mother love.
In my childhood.
Now I'm 21 years and had go to the college.
That means I have less time to stay with my mother, she calls me every day to ask me about my health and tells me to take care about myself.
When we are in school, when we are on travel, when we are on word, do not forget your mother.
They need us just like we want to get more money.
At 7:00 a.m.
High school and university life both part of my life's, they play both important role in my life.
First of all, The most difference is the way of teaching and learning.
At high school, we used to doing what the teachers required, such as reciting essays, finishing homework, and doing many papers.
Actually, this is so boring.
The second difference is that in high school we may live in a dependent environment, we stay together with our parents or relatives.
But in university there are students from all around the country, so we may attach more important to learning how to live independently and make decisions on ourselves.
Last but not least, it couldn't be neglected that there is an obvious distinction between the two lifestyles.
While at high school, our goals may be limited and the plan may be dim, the university entrance examination serves as the center of everything.
But when we become a university student, we must set a specifics goals as early as possible and make our plans clear enough, not only for several exams but also for our future.
Personally speaking, whatever the high school life and university life, they both the precious memories for me.
Although they are different, they can bring the different experiences and feeling.
Just as the saying goes, Reward lies ahead of diligence, but noting is gained by indolence.
Recently, our class is facing the group cooperative learning problems .
Some people suggest that group cooperative learning is novel.
Ang the traditional classroom form change.
I think that group cooperative learning not suitable for our class.
Because we are unique identities, we often hold different ideas on many things.
As far as I am concerned, I want to be a calm person, nonetheless I often so nervous to solve problems.
I will insist on my true opinion as I know I am in a right way.
Everyone has a lot friends in his life, but usually only a little is indeed friend.
As the saying goes, a friend in need is a friend indeed.
Indeedfriend must go through trials and tribulations together.
It was in a competition during my high school time that I failed down in the way to the way to the end.
My best friend , Ying, who should be the winner in the competition , saw me failed.
So she slowed down her pace and looked back to me .
It was so pain for me to stand up, helpless and sad occurred to me at that moment.
But all of a sudden, a hand appeared in front of my eyes.
In th end of my high school, we had quantities of time to talk about the past three years.
During the talking , one of my classmate said that there is a classmate spoke short of me in front of other people .
She is on no purpose, but me in mind.
Then Ying told me it was two years ago that my desk-mate spoke short of me in front of my other good friend.
She does do a lot to me .
With the time going by, I know more about friendship.
Friendship is a magnificent building I built on the foundation of friendship.
It takes time to blossom.
It takes a lot of understanding, loads of sharing and caring to become what it's today.
Sometimes human beings can do something very wrong with no idea about it.
For example, destroying the environment around us.
So we can find that we are in total ignorance.
It's so terrible since we don't even know the consequences we are causing when we are the victims.
Almost every one knows we need clean air, almost every one knows sharks is endangered, and almost every one loves animals.
Yaeh, they are in complete ignorance in actions.
Above all, ignorance in action is to blame.
Nowadays, there is a widespread concern over mobile phone.
As for me, it is widely believed there are seveal positive aspects as follows.
Firstly, it is convenience for us to keep in touch with parents and friends.
Having won the 67th Oscars in 1995, Frankenstein is an extraordinary science fiction.
The film was directed by Kenneth Branagh who also played one of the two main characters---the young scientist Victor Frankenstein.
The story is about creating life.
Victor Frankenstein'mother dies when she bears her second son.
Victor is so sad that he determines to find out the way to bring a dead body back to life to resurrect his mother.
While studying in university, Victor discovers the secret of creating life.
Then he puts parts of dead bodies together and creates a huge, ugly monster.
The monster is kind at first, but people all dislike him because of his terrifying appearance.
After he loses his only friend, an old blind man who is the only one likes the monster, the monster becomes angry and sorrowful and begins to hate his creator Frankenstein.
Then the monster begins to take revenge on Frankenstein.
As the power that human have becomes stronger and stronger, how to use our power and deal with the relationship between human and the nature becomes a serious problem.
Personally, I am in favor of this point of view.
First and foremost, on the one hand, it is well known that brand name products have its own advantages like the excellent quantity and beautiful appearances, I won't doubt it.
But on the other hand, they are more expensive than the other same products that without brand.
Besides, it's really not a good thing that a competition occurs between classmate, some students will feel self-abased if he don't have some brand name products, because someone have will laugh at him, it is extremely unnetcessary.
In the afternoon, I went shopping with my mother , we bought five T-shirts and shots, and we went to eatsome dessert in Manji Tianping.
It's much safer for them to live in the zoos than in the wild.
One day I read a book about interesting stories at home.
Suddenly my mother appeared and asked me what I was reading.
And then I shared this book with her, and we began to read together.
At last we even spent the whole afternoon to reading, and we all have a good time.
Uwe Scholz, master of classical and modern dance.
He is a man whose life can't stop dancing and a man is responsible for making sure that the Leippzig Ballet survived.
There are few persons doing one thing until dead like him.
There are lost of people like him who get great achievements.
But few of them have a poor life like him.
All of them are talents in their own field.
It is rare to find such a genius nowadays.
It seems to me that it is unnecessary for Uwe Scholz to spend his life studying ballet.
Private cars have some advantages.
First, it makes travel easier.
We can go to some close places in weekends.
And with the development of technology, cars is becoming more and more comfortable to ride.
But on the other side, cars also have some disadvantages.
The most important one is air pollution.
There are masses of hazardous substance in the automobile exhaust.
Such as carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, solid particles and so on.
In my opinion, the advantages can't be replaced.
And we should develop the energy technology fast.
(1).
The Olympic Games will be held in our country, so the government will be building new hotels.
By the end of next year, workers will have finished work on the new stadium and Kurt Gunter has the fantastic modern building.
(2).
For reading have different views, some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
However, others believe we learn by doing.
For example, Helen keller's Three Days to see  .
Helen KeIler, blind and deaf from infancy, gives her answer in this remarkable essay.
In the article Three Days to see  , Helen Keller presented her positive and optimistical.
Influence on us is to learn that her strong spirit.
Such as important events, she actually graduated from Harvard University in the blind and deaf world, she also set up a charitable organization.
So my view is reading a good book can change thought, have important impact to our life.
l hope that we should cherish life.
Hello every, I am glad to share my experiences about the prepare for tem4.
With the intake expansion in Chinese Universities, there is no doubt that ist makes many students' the university dream comes true.
At first, the quality of the students is lowering.
Secondly, not enough teachers.
With the number of the students more and more, it has not enough teachers to teach.
A teacher will take responsibility for two or three classes, which will increase pressure.
Thirdly, the equipment of study is not enough.
Owing to more and more students, it has not enough study equipment to afford, which will result in grabbing a seat, squeezing the library and so on.
The last but not least, hard to work.
Due to the expanding of universities, the university's students are becoming more and more.
Under the limited supply in the market, they will have less opportunism to find a job.
It will appear  Employment shortage  .
There is no denying that the expanding of universities can help many students go into the university, but the problems they bring also can't be neglected.
For solving these problems, I advise the speed of the expanding should slow.
The Mid-Autumn Festival was a popular festival, celebrated by the Chinese which was passed down from ancient times to the present.
It was held on the 15th day of the eighth month in the lunar calendar.
And it was so significant that we celebrated it every year.
The day before the Mid-Autumn Festival, I always formed a plan for how to celebrate the festival.
The majority of people chose to reunite with the whole family.
A few people liked to travel for enjoying the scenery.
On Mid-Autumn Festival's Day, I would go shopping with my mother.
In the supermarket, we bought many vegetables and fruits for the dinner.
In the afternoon, I was very busy because I had to help my mother prepare the dinner.
After the sky got dark, the whole family would get together and eat dinner to celebrate the festival.
When the moon rose up in the sky, we would watch the bright moon with eating moon cakes.
I was so happy because I could stay with my families.
As an old saying goes, Never too old to learn.
To begin with, we should find a convenient access to get books we need, such as a library, s paper station and so on.
I always remember the saying, Never too old to learn.
How nice to hear from you again.
The Mid-autumn Festival is also known as 'Harvest Festival', which is one of the most vital Chinese festivals.
As we all know, Chinese traditional culture attaches great importance to family values.
On the Mid-autumn Festival, all family members and relatives will get together outside, enjoying the glorious full moon and talking about life.
Imagine the scenery: Stars are finally struggling through the cook dusk, and the moon will shine its brightest when the Mid-autumn Festival is around the corner.
You, along with your family, taste delicious moon cakes and have a joyful gathering.
There are many reasons for it.
About drinks I like some orange juice and apple juice.
For lunch and dinner , I like some rice and vegetables.
But for breakfast , I eat some eggs and bread.
When I have free time , I like to eat some snacks.
As we can see in zhe picture the online rumros as a bomb.
With the development of Internet technology.
More and more readers turn to thernet for their news .
And there are some people issue fiase news .
But netizen believe the fiase news.
Eventhough it is a rumor.
Some netizen unable to distinguish the genuine begin to comment the news.
Rumors become genuine.
In this case how can we solve.
Frist if the news didn'tbe proved is true, the news shouldn't be published onthe internet.
Secondly, as anetizen we shouldn't believe the news on the internet easily.
Nowadays, more and more students attach little importance to the spelling of words in English study.
This will make students appear improper memory, impediment students deveopment in the future.
In making words mistake understanding.
There are reasons for that students study English unseriousness, not accurate recollection words, lead to spelling wrong in using words.
This is chief reason.
Besides, English words easy confusion, casue spelling words error.
In my opinion, we should truely recollect words, trust owenself abbility , we can memory words.
When I were in high school , I want to go to college .
Till now I have studied in Shanxi Normal University for one year and I love the university life .
There are many differences between college and high school study .
Firstly , college study focus more attention on students'own decisions , students have more freedom.
But high school students do not have much freedom about studying .
Secondly , the teaching methods have changed by a great amount and the content is more complex and diversified than high school's.
Thirdly , college study aims to develop student's critical thinking ability and practical skills instead of forcing them to memorize those boring articles .
In high schools, students must remember the boring articles and take a lot of exams in order to admit by a promising college .
As for me , I really spent a long time on adapting myself to the new environment .
I my opinion , to adapt ourselves to college life , we should take part in a good corporation so that we can make more good friends and improve ourselves.
In addition , we should take part in some good activities to enhance our skills about organizing and speaking .
And we had better set up good relation to teachers and students .
Nowadays, more and more social networking websites appear in public view.
Especially for the young group.
It really brings us a lot of benefits but also brought incovenience to our life.
So according to this phenomenon, different peoper put forward different point of view.
Many people thought that Social Networks are good for us and it pulled into the distance of the people, has become the bridge of communication between us.
At the same time, others believe that best way of communication is talking face to face rather through the screen talking with strangers and in the other hands, it is really very dangerous becouse you never know who is sitting in front of you.
Today, QQ and Micro bo is very popular, so it is not very dangerous.
Everything has two sides, as long as you use it reasonable, it will be good for you.
There is much controversy about the option students should do written homework.
Many people hold the notion that it is important for students do written homework to help them study better.
  When I am a little girl, my teacher always told us like that.
So, I think do homework is a common thing.
When it comes to the success , I feel very humiliated , because after so many years' hardworking , I find myself good at nothing .
But it is no use looking at the mirror and pitying myself .
First of all , perseverance is the kind of quality that I mostly need .
In my lifetime , there are always excellent examples for me to follow .
Hearing the struggle histories of eminent persons or attending an elevated speech do inspire me with enthusiasm , in the following two or three days you will see a person getting up very early , working very hard at the library , devouring one book after another .
But I was too earnestly to see the results .
Hasting brings me no where .
Room is not building in a day , without perseverance , Thomas Edison would not do hundreds of thousands of experiments , ther would be no electric light bulb at all .
Being innovative is crucial to the development of humanity .
New ideas , new thoughts are the source of energy , are the determiner of our future .
Knowledge have no boundries , one can not stuck them all in the head .
Old things have to be moved off , so that new things can come in then we can move forward .
Last but not the least , being humorous is very important .
Humility is a kind of quality that can be learned and has been popular since the starting of human history .
The sense of humor can bring us lots of friends and makes us on intimate terms with the people around us .
That is very important to me , since my social contact is very limited .
It has been nearly half and a year since we graduated from High School.
There are distinctions among college life and the life in High School.
My answer is'Yes'.
Most of us may feel bored with the tedious lessons in High School.
Of course the reason for this is that only 'study, study and study' and 'exams, exams and exams' in High School.
We Chinese students have been receiving the exam-oriented education since we were in primary school.
Every day we did the same thing: got up early, had breakfast, went to the classroom and then studied.
So did afternoon and evening.
In total, we had to have 11 classes a day, including 3 classes in the evening.
You might be amazed and say 'Ubelievable'.
And yet we had got through the tough life.
Word has it that 'If you wish to be the best man, you must be prepared to suffer the bitterest of the bitter'.
All right, all we had done in High School is for our bright future.
Now we are in college.
What we have at present conclude abundant time, splendid life, and colorful activities.
That means we won't have too many classes any more.
Instead, we have a lot of time of our own.
'Take time before time takes you'.
This is said by a famous author which I saw from a piece of literature.
In other words, If you do the thing that you wouldn't like to do first then you can reach your goal sooner or later.
Learn to be, learn to learn and learn to live.
Those are the three important things that we should keep in mind every moment and take actions to them in college.
In a word, in spite of the contrasts of college and High School, we must realize one thing they have in common.
'One is never too old to learn'.
No matter where we are or what situation we have to face, we need study from the books or experience.
Nowadays, more and more people receive education.
Would you want to know most of the countries the world value education.
Nobody can deny the education, a person who has been educations, know much knowledge than others.
, but also can know many friends, en change your circle of friends.
The most important thing is nowadays when development needs to have good education foundation.
The average person all know, with the development of the society if you have no knowledge that is likely to be the society give out.
Some people think that group learning is beneficial to us, they think, group learning is loose, the formation of democratic atmosphere.
With the high-speed of our life, competition has become a common phenomenon in our social life.
People tend to perform better than others in jobs, study, wealth and so on.
Even when we play games, we usually have a desire to be the winner.
Nonetheless at the most of the time, people always emphasize competition rather than cooperation.
In fact, we frequently find competition and cooperation at the same time.
So, while advocating competition, we mustn't forget cooperation.
Cooperation can build trust between each other and help to bring a long-term relationship; on the other hand, cooperation can turn a minor and weak business into a major and strong one.
Believe that competition is the secret of success in sports and activities on today's world, then cooperation can be described as another essential of success.
During the Spring Festival of 2015, I came back my hometown--Chengde.
We leave Tianjin at 7:30 in th e evening on 18th Feb.
Unfotunetely, we lost on the way at once, so we waste lots of time on the way.
As a result, we arrived here at midnight.
My grandfather and grandmother were still awake at that time.
Though the time was very late.
My grandfather had borken his right leg bone for twice last year.
So his is not able to walk without hlep.
At the New Year's Eve, the members of our big family got together and had a big meal.
It lasted for two or more hours.
We all enjoyed ourselves.
I am happy that I could forget school life at least for a while.
As a second-year senior student I had to study by myself.
First I persuaded my father to have a trip to America to improve my study.
It will be helpful for my english.
And then I will celebrate my birthday after coming back from America as part of my plan.
So there will be held a party for my birthday in Auguest.
I invited my old friends who are my classmate in middle school.
I prepared some programs.
A cigarette seems to like a drug addicted to your mind, body, even your life.
When you bring out a cigarette and light it and inhale and then let the smoke out of your nose and mouth, you feel like living a virtual world---- to the heavy smoker.
It's bad for your body.
I know my father a lot, and it's impossible for him to give up smoking.
My name is L, was born in ShangLuo province in S.
I want to look for a job related to management or finance in your company.
First of all, your company is the King in the area of finance and is well-known for its development of finance.
When I was still a freshman, I obtained tow certificates for management which was outstanding in my class.
I often imagine what my life with be like in the future.
After ten year, at first, I will work about my favourite things instead of others, I work because Ican enjoy life.
The following, I can do something which I like when I was a child with my friends, I will play League of Legends with them.
What is more, I have a whole family , I live with my parents, my brother, my wife and so on.
In today's society, dogs and cats are the two main sorts of animals that commonly kept by human .
My reasons are as follows: first of all, dogs are human's most loyal friends.
They've served human for thousands of years.
They were regarded as skillful hunting partners in the old days .
Besides, they are a good door keeper of their masters as well.
But cats are far different from dogs.
According to their nature, cats usually start their life of the day in the night, which is totally contradict from human.
Cats' independence make them be not fond of getting close to their masters.
at last, I told my neighbor to turn down the music voice.
He received my advise and do so.
The reasons are as follows.
For one thing, there are so many cars come to our life, and lead to air pollution.
What's more , many people didn't realised the serous of air pollution.
sometimes my friend and i will have some contradictions, We may have quarrel, But i believe the true friendship is firm.
My ideal friend can make me cry, make me smile, make me feel the friendship is true.
It was a sunny day.
There was a pretty woman , who had long beautiful hair and wore fashion clothes , preparing to take her dog to go for a walk.
When I was jogging in the park, the pretty woman suddenly stopped near the light on the path.
Her face turned down and unhapply because her dog shitby the light.
She felt very embarrased so she wanted to go away immediately.
I was really shocked when I saw it.
She didn't want to clean it up just because she thought it embarrased to do it.
I walked to her quickly and pointed the sign Clean up after your dog  to her.
People around us also blamed her at wrong behavior.
She apologized and clean it up fast.
Nowday low-carbon lifestyle is gaining popularity with more and people, including .
It means that we reduce the emission of carbon in our daily life.
there are many things about low-carbon lifestyle .
For example, when we shopping , we use cloth bags instead of using plastic bags, whichwill surely benifits to our enuironment.
besides we ride bicycles whenever possible .
Also, we should turn off ligths when we are not using them.
As colleges students, it is our responsibility to live in low-carbon lifestyle.
Frist, it is necessary for usto use both sides of the paper in our notebooks.
From the picture, we can see an old woman sat lonely in front of the mirror, saying The children don't stay with me, I feel lonely at home by myself.
Today, we are take part in the activity of low carbon life.
In the morning, we can go to school to use the bus not use the car.
At night, when we do homework , we can not use air conditioner .
Low carbon life is conductive to the protection of our environment.
And make us have a better living environment.
On the whole, WeiHai the second senior high is a beautiful place, I don't think I will be bored in there.
One day, I received a mission.
As usual, every Saturday night, I went to the church to join the gathering.
As I was eating dinner, the leader of Christian association walked to me and sat beside me, saying that he wanted to discuss something important.
In my opinion, classic has stood the test of time, so we should learn it.
On the other hand, for the exploration of knowledge, we can't stop.
Second, to explore the unknown world and generate new understanding of man and nature is our responsibility.
So we have to keep to acquire new knowledge.
Third, learning literacy of classic can let us become elegant.
We also learn a lot of form classic to be the truth of human.
And for future exploration of knowledge, it can make us more understanding about the word.
In a nutshell, we should learn a lot of knowledge form those classic work, because acquire this knowledge is useful to us.
some people think about we read book should selec.
us learn more indept knowledge and will not feel boring.
What's more, shopping online takes higher risks.
Nowadays, growing individuals come to do shopping online.
In general speaking, it's a symbol of society's progress.
To customers, the prices of products online are relatively cheaper than those sold in stores.
However, everything has two sides.
To spend less money, we may easily get products with quality which is lower than expected.
In my opinion, with the development of the Internet, this kind of shopping will be more and more popular in future.
We should have a reasonable attitude and be more careful.
Nowdays more and more college students have realized smoking can do harm to him health, However so many people still enjoy smoking.
In fact, smoking is a bad habit, It can cause a lot of diseases, Meanwhile smoking is a waste of money.
Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
In my opinion, I think reading is the best way to learn.
Reading a lot of books can open our eyes and help us understand the world more.
What is more, reading is a way of increasing our vocabulary.
But in the other way, learning by doing is also a good way to explore our environment of people, things, places and events.
However, compared with reading, it takes more time and have more bad efforts than reading.
So why not spend some of your spare time reading books.
And the public transportation is so crowded that you can't even move freely.
As we all know, public transportation is particularly environmental.
I believe people care about the environment more.
Last but not least, When China has become stronger, it's high time improving peoples' life.
As is known to all, law provides us seven days to relax ourselves.
According to my survey, some students like to travel around NANJING because they think it is really a worldwide city , famous for it's long history.
Also, quite a lot of students spend their time staying home, living with family.
To our college students, most of us are not the native persons here.
wo cannot meet our parents usually.
In my plan, wo will spend about five days to going on a English class.
Everyone knows that our world is becoming more and more integrative.
In Europe, almost everyone speak English .
No matter if we go abroad or not , English is extremely important to us.
The following two days , I will stay with my family, visiting some relatives and so on.
  You have to submit it, she said, A lot of persons will relate to this story.
I always approved of myself: Go ahead, you also have a lot of significant things to deal with, you will have a heavy duty on your shoulders, you can't just give up, and you should ingest to be independent and courageous enough to overcome these difficulties challenging for you.
As is known to all that water shortage is one of the most urgent problems in our world.
There are several factors accounting for the problem.
To begin with, it is the decrease of the number of trees that contributes to desertification in many parts of land.
At the same time, it has led to land degradation, destruction of soil structure, soil nutrient loss.
On top of this, most people are not aware of saving water, to the contrary, the behavior of wasting and polluting water is so normal in our daily life.
So it is high time that relevant measures had been made.
Not only each person must improve awareness of water conservation, but also government have to pass laws to ban the behavior which is unfriendly to environment.
We are gald to inform you that your order under the Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 have been shipped by S.
Pearl  , In order for the goods reach the destination ASAP, we will transhipp the order by S.
when i was waiting by the white line .
however, there were many people being walking across the white line, undoubtedly, they are seriously shocked .
Hello, I am captain of student organization in Chenguang middle school.
My school plan to donate some book so that keep friendly talking between China and America.
Therefore, I am going to introduce some book that we want to donate.
At first, these book is green and healthy.
If I devide them, they can be devided different type.
such as history, math of china, good view.
The history book is about China from perivous to now.
record many measure and difficulty.
The math book introduce many mather of china, showing up their wisdom.
Some book introduce view of China, like Guilin, Changcheng, Gugong.
I am looking forward to recive your email, please give me a reply quickily.
In the free time, I will join some clubs like English club, Basketball club.
The network is more and more developed, a lot of peopie enjoy online shopping, so, have house man house girl.
Online shopping is very convenient , but it's very easy to deceive.
In our daily life, competition is a common phenomenon.
In spite of common , it plays a vital roal to promote the development of society.
In the first place , competition is motive .
No matter how smart the people is , if he show a lack of competition , he can not create the much treasure.
Beside , society select the wonderful people through the competition .
Those who achieve success not only gain fame and fortune , but also contribute to the society.
While advocating competition , we must not forget the cooperation.
We often find competitiong and cooperation at the same time.
In my view , the cooperation is the foundation of the competition .
As you know , I have been being in CQU for nearly a two months , and life here seems pretty good .
I like many things here , especially the library where there are many books in it .
As we all know , books are very important to us , because they can provide us with various useful messages , so reading books is really necessary for us .
One book named   which is written by Li Kaifu is a good choice for potential development .
In this book , Dr. Li associate one's success tightly with his/her trait development .
Before reading , I used to be a little bit blue for disappointment .
The other one is a picture book called   .
  But this time you may be wrong .
We should always hold our innocence so that we can live a happy and simple life .
The book's character is a lovely little red fox whose name is Ali .
The writer create him and told us a series of warm stories through Ali's interesting experience in pictures' form .
which may have already been losted during our growth .
Those two books are both of great beneficial .
  can encourage us to go up continuously and achieve our goals step by step .
En-That is what I want to say .
At present, most students have a great educational background, but most schools ignore the students' character education.
Fortunately, some school realize that the character education is extremely important for students.
In my opinion, character education is more significant than skills.
If you are dishonest with others, you may lose all your friends and feel friendless.
Moreover, you can't finish much work and then you will not be successful.
In addition, our students should learn how to respect the people and learn their strong points and good characters.
If not you can't require others' respect and improve your ability.
Last but not least, if we can build character education well, we can have a good life.
Chinaese learn has its own unique style.
Such as, when you are in class, you can listen to the teacher carefully in class, because the teacher said in class is key.
In you after class, if you have not understand piace, you can ask your teacher or students, know that you understand so far.
But chinese learning style has its advantages and disadvantages.
In this mode, you can quickly get a lot of knowledge, and learning, especially at leisure.
But this method learning will make you become does not love to move the brain.
A passive but will give you knowledge decline.
I think, we should be more for yourself a little self learning space rather than passive learning.
If we have problems, we try to solve the problem by thenself.
If a foreign friend is coming to China, I'd like to take him to see the Great Wall.
It's the one of the most famous attractions in the world.
As we all konw, China is an ancient country with over five thousand years history and there are many beautiful places all around the country.
I'm sure that foreigners will fall in love with there soon.
Besides the Great Wall, I'd like to take him to the Yellow Mountain, it's an atractive place and theren are thousands of tourists to come here every year.
I want to show the great scenary to foeign friends.
And I think when we are enjoying the animals in the zoo, we can't throw food to feed the animals because we don't know the food is fresh or dirty.
There is a pigeon named Max.
  And then goes again.
An pigeon tells it Not it, but yourself.
And so on.
But we never or less think about ourselves.
Actually, the world comes from our hand, we make it happen.
So just us, before we do something, we should think about ourselves.
Once I thought me that was very shy, and I always thought the others laugh at me .
So I was afraid of speaking and walking before mang people.
I feared to put my hand up and ask or answer the question.
Even the host ask if i want a gift.
As my heart, in fact, I want to go .
But I worried about my face, it seemed the others would laugh at me and said how stupid answer or how ugly the girl.
So i always kept quiet , but my heart jumped.
  in fact , some one was afraid of speaking in public , they think others will laugh at them .
Just yourself have this care.
If you don't think so , OK maybe you can ask your friend if really want to laugh you .
OK, even laughing, but after that , you still live the way you have to go.
'Yeah , we can change the others , only our own.
Luotuo Xiangzi is a novel written by Laoshe.
It describes the sad story of a driver of Beijing in old China.
The novel traces the life of Xiangzi, who is courageous and brave, and he goes to the city of Beijing from the countryside with the hope of purchasing his own bike.
Finally, he gets enough money for a bike with his hard working.
So he bought a bike, which is quite essential to him.
Nevertheless, life likes to play tricks on man, he is robbed of his bike by the solders.
And when he saves enough money for another bike, he is robbed of money.
Laterly, he has to marry Huniu, and sells his third one because of Huniu's difficulty in giving birth to a baby.
The suicide of little Fuzi makes him lose the only hope for life.
I am deeply impressed by Xiangzi's life.
With the stricken of reality, Xangzi, who is once a kind man changes a lot.
Great stresses of the society makes people lose their hope for life.
So far, I have come to Bei Jing for half a year, there are so many changes in my life including my attitude of living, even my characters.
Firstly, I have come down to earth compared with the past .
However, after I followed my vice-president with excellent leadership who is strict with students to make experiments , I learned so much.
One person should have a clear goal , and then stick to the end, you will get the last success , what's more, you should keep energetic , cautious , responsible , and innovative.
These advantages benefit me for a lifetime.
Now, I set a target for myself in the postgraduate stage, which is to pass the TOEFL through hard work so as to go abroad successfully.
Secondly, I am easy-going and have a wide range of hobbies , for instance oral English, music , movies and literature, which contribute to make new friends and expand my thought.
As a saying goes : smile to life , life smile on you.
thought she might be a serious teacher .
I like her teaching style , flexible , funny .
A part of students buy things out of the control, who don't have enough money to buy books about study.
Nike, for example, has a simple slogan used all around the world: 'Just do it.
So, I have some suggestion: First, we can be combined with online shopping and store shopping.
Second, the Relevant Departments can strengthen the management on online shopping, make it more perfect.
Thank you for coming to my speech.
He is the link of the school and students.
It is impossible to overstate the importance of him.
Many students compete for this position.
So, only a person who knows what most of students' voice and has a complete plan to work may succeed in this competition.
I have brilliant ability of communication and coordination.
The standard of a school is closely related to this organization.
I want to lay the solid foundation of our school's Students' Union.
If I am elected, I will truly understand the students' needs between their study and life.
All of the roommates always come from different places even different provinces.
So the culture and lifestyles are difference.
A harmony hostel is very important.
On the one hand, we can learn agood rest.
There are so many ways to create and maintain a harmonious dormitory life.
Firstly, we should get rid of bad habits at home.
These days, there is a word'top students', popular in schools.
best.
Could win many kinds of honours.
them; Parents are pround of them.
We everyone wants to become a top student.
There is a saying'Is nine points sweat a genius'.
We usually think that top students are genius.
But the fact is not.
Each person's intelligence essentially the same.
It is only that they work harder than us, deal things more seriously.
So that their performance is better than ordinary people.
As can be seen through the side of the top students shows that they have a clear goal and a detailed plan, and the indomitable will power.
We usually keep a decision.
Who insisted on who is the winner.
They can not only arrange school, usually has a high comprehensive quality.
Although said before is to be a top student, a goal just has power.
Her braveness and toughness made an indelible impression on me.
With the rapid development of the science and technology, the computer has been becoming the necessity for people in the 21st Century.
Following, an increasing number of people are in communication with using the Internet, which make our life more meaningful, comfortable and convenient.
However, sometimes the science and technology can destroy our life.
There is no consensus of opinions among people about the advantages and disadvantages of the science and technology.
Some people are of the view that the Internet is good for our life.
As far as I am concerned, the latter notion is preferable in many senses.
The reasons are obvious.
First of all, the development of science and technology can affect our communication level seriously.
When we chat online, we don't know what we should say face to face, which can the lack of communication skills.
Furthermore, it must damage our health.
Especially if we surf the Internet for a long time, our eyes will be affected.
A natural conclusion from the above discussion is that we are supposed to use the Internet reasonably and appropriately.
As a college student, I should have a rest when I get tired for the Internet.
% of my classmates are in favour of carrying phones, for it can make us much more convienent to communicate with our relations and friends.
In addition, we can also search for informations and store useful parts of them.
% of my classmates, however, are against it, saying radiation from the phones will actually do harm to our fitness and loud voice from mobile phones can disturb other students who are studying hard.
In my point of view, mobile phones gain more and more popularity among young people and it's certainly very useful in modern society.
Hello everyone, I'm D and I will show my holiday plan to you.
In the morning I have four things to do.
At half past eight, I get up and then wash my face and rinse my mouth.
At fifteen to nine, I have a healthy breakfast.
From nine o'clock to half past ten, I do my honework carefullyThen, from half past ten to half past eleven, I do exercises in the park.
At noon, I have a delicious lunch.
In the afternoon, I have a little things to do.
From thirteen o'clock to fifteen o'clock, I have computer classes or English classes.
From sixteen o'clock to eighteen o'clock, I read all kinds of books.
And at half past eighteen, I have a little dinner.
At night, I can enjoy myself.
to eight PM.
, I search for information or watch favourite TV progream.
From half past twenty to twenty-one, I pick up things.
And at half past twenty-one, I go to sleep.
The classmates who support it said that the Internet can help us learn more things which we can't learn in class.
And it can also help us broaden ours horizins.
Studying on online can make our communication easily.
Some classmates who against it said get online frequently is bad for our eyes.
It maybe make us to be addicted to the Internet.
At last, I think we should get online correctly.
Some people prefer to get up early in the morning and start the day's work , while others prefer to get up early in the morning until late at night .
Getting up early to study could improve our learning efficiency .
Chinese people have made achievements in national rejuvenation after a long tough journey.
Teenagers play a important role in a country, so teenagers must do sonrthing to develop themselves.
The young generation have duity to make our country more stronger.
Teenagers can do many things to make our countyr proud of them.
For example a 21-year old athlete Ning Zetao has proved this during the 17th Asian Games.
As a young person in our country, we don't need to do something great, we just need to do what we can do for our country.
In dictionaries, listener mean who tends to know others' opinion and to appreciate it.
So it could be a good way to know each other and understand each other.
Also, when you are listening, it means that you want to know his or her advice or opinions and are eager to it.
It can be a sign to show respect to others.
By listening, it will be much easier for parents to chat with and appreciate their children.
good way to eliminate the argument between children and parents.
Also, teachers can know the present situation of the students and can help them solve the problems they faced.
However, it can be difficult for us to listen sometimes.
First, I think we should keep patient while listening, it is rather important, otherwise, you may not be a good listener.
My first Enjlish class was in junior middle school.
Before I had my first English class, I had often seen words.
I also saw persons said English on TV.
What's more, I sometimes heard my classmates said several English words.
So I was eager to get access to English.
Fortunately, my head teacher was an English teacher when I was in junior school.
Though English was difficult for me at first, I was still interested in English.
So I studied hard and never gave up studying it.
I remembered words and grammar continually.
With the help of my teacher, I reaped the benefits.
I got a good grade.
As we well know, life without a friend is death.
I also believe that I am so lucky.
In my life I have some good friends.
We meet each other when we are at middle school.
She is very thin but beautiful .
She is very easy going, likes to talk calssmate after school.
She is very kind and always help others , every one of our class likes her .
Her study very hard , her Chinese and English very well.
Why we can become the best friend.
I think that have some reasons .
Frist, In the middle school, my English was so poor, so she often helped me.
But her maths was not well, I could help her.
For this , we often study together.
Second, all of us like independent, although I am very introvert, but we can get along with each other.
Last, she want to succeed in the future special in the career, but in my mind, I want to over ordinary life.
We can talk anything with each other.
This is my best friend, I wish her in the strange city can live well.
Nowadays, online shopping has become a trend.
No matter who can go shopping on the Internet.
For advantages, we become more and more convenience.
We can compare the prices of various shops.
We can know what is the popular trend at that time quickly.
However, for disadvantages, we are always worried about whether the things' quality are good.
We also afraid that the sellers send the goods later.
If we need that goods eagerly, we also have no mind to get it.
On one word, every cion has two sides.
So we need try our best to aviod the happening of disadvantages.
The Great Wall of China is a Chinese fortification built from the 5th century BC until the beginning of the 17th century, in order to protect the various dynasties from raids by Hunnic, Mongol, Turkic, and other nomadic tribes coming from areas in modern-day Mongolia and Manchuria.
Several walls, also referred to as the Great Wall of China, were built since the 5th century BC, the most famous being the one built between 220 BC and 200 BC by the first Emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang; this wall was located much further north than the current wall built during the Ming Dynasty, and little of it remains.
The Great Wall of China was originally a project of Qin dynasty designed to keep out the nomadic Xiongnu invaders from the north.
Some of the wall was built during the Qin, but most of it that we see today was constructed during the Ming dynasty.
The Great Wall is the world's longest man-made structure, stretching over a formidable 6,352 km (3,948 miles), from Shanhai Pass on the Bohai Sea in the east, at the limit between China proper and Manchuria (Northeast China), to Lop Nur in the southeastern portion of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region .
Along most of its arc, it roughly delineates the border between North China and Inner Mongolia.
Human beings live in the realm of nature.
They are constantly surrounded by it and interact with it.
human conenected with nature by blood ties and we cannot live outside nature.
Associety develops.
in see result while.
we realise soberly also socity of our counture development still exist many difficultties and problems.
for examp.
Serious white pollution.
the decline in air quality.
the increasing greenhouse effect.
and Human beings use fewer resources.
if environmental protection, we can not very good.
In order to save our environment.
but to return to our theme, the biter truth is that those human action which violate the laws of natureWe need to do.
first to reduce the resource utilization rate so that we bater live.
second economic development and protect environment by combining.
third reduce the use of disposable chopsticks and sanitary cup and so on.on the other hand.
There was a time when the owners of shops and businesses in Chicago had to pay large sums of money to gangsters in return for 'protection.
  What they like most about the phone is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people can reach them  said by professor Naomi Baron.
Funny as it is, the world ironically reflect the fact that more people want to be helped by others rather than help any other people .
On the one hand, we do not want to help other people.
It was reported that the girl, four years old, crashed by a truck was died.
But no one helped her with just a glimpse.
On the other hand, if we wanted to go to school with a large of buggage.
You must have b, Iecome upset and sad .
Despite people's wasting money , we must save our money.
Nevertheless, what a crucial thing it is to bring home to people the value of money.
Generally speaking, for the people who lend their support to such experiments, the gaining of first-hand knowledge and information about certain species provides adequate justification fit continuing the killing of animals in laboratories.
It has been a contentious issue whether it is necessary to do physical exercise or not part of every school day.
Some people are of the opinion that students ought to spend the whole shool day on academic studies.
While others point out that physical exercise is indispensable in students' school life.
When it comes to the question that exercise is need or not, I believe it is necessary for the following reasons.
For one thing, young students are getting fatter than any time before.
More laziness, less exercise, cause students overweight, which is a serious problem all over the world.
In addition, overweight may lead to a series of health problems.
If physical exercise can be done part of every school day, it can benefit a lot for students' health.
For another reason, as an old saying goes All work and no play makes a jack a dull boy  .
In order to students' effective studying, and good moods, we should strike a proper balance between work ang break.
Now, after close examination, it is not difficult to draw the conclusion that physical exercise is necessary.
Spring Festival is one of the most important festival in China and is when all family members get together, just like Christmas in the west .
Before Spring Festival, people go back home.
Every household put up couplets and paste all kinds of paper-cut.
During Spring Festival, people get together to make jiaozi.
And it's a happy thing to watch Spring Festival gala.
At 12 o'clock in the evening, there are bright abd colourful fireworks in the sky.
And people don't sleep to ao cai  .
It means people will get much money from then on.
The next day, people dress beautifully to visit ralatives' home.
The elder should give the young a red envelope.
And firecrackers are set off.
Students spend time in the internet bar.
In my opinion, it is a waste of time and energy.
First of all, we can join campus clubs to improve ability of communication.
Secondly, we should make full use of library resources.
When I browse books in the library.
I can feel a different way of thinking which gives me more room to touch the world, my mind will be opened.
In modern society, English is becoming more and more important than before.
Having a good knowledge of English is good for our future.
First, l liking reading some books about English, this can train spoken English.
In addition, l am liking watching the movie of English from TV.
This can help us learn English much superior to before.
What is more, learning grammar is also a better way to learn English well.
Not only this, but also chatting with our friends in English is a useful way to learn English well.
Personally, l think it is necessary that we should pay attention to learning English, because English is more popular than before in the world.
There is an old saying Genuine knowledge comes from Practice  .
The first reason is that the knowledge in books is limited, the truth comes from the practice.
The second reason is that students put marks in the first place can contact the book knowledge better.
The third is when we enter the society, we need various abilities.
Second, you need to read more in the morning is when we remember the best, so we need to make full use of it to enhance our sense of time by reading English.
That afternoon, all procedures all fine, dad stay in this also nothing important matter, I say: dad, didn't it matter, you back.
(I am happy, I want to live, and no one of me the father said: ah.
For a while, bus, dad get on the car, dad in the car look back at the first sight I let me go back, he also finally unbearable, tears drop by drop off, cry like a child.
Now I find I am becoming more and more like my dad, manner of speaking, life attitude, and by him all deep influence.
I have a busy father and a kind mother, my father is a worker.
He is 42 years old.
He likes reading newspapers after dinner.
He always watch TV until 12:00 in the evening.
My mother is a housewife, she does not work and stays at home.
I think she is beautiful, she has short and cuily hair.
She often go shopping with her friends in the afternoon every day in order to buy some foods for us.
My mother very kind but she is strict to my study.
In this world, my parent is a crucial person to me.
I thank them bring me up grow up.
Nowadays, a number of students do not pay attention to spelling in English study.
The reason why appear this situation is that the way of our study have changed.
With the world is changing, our English study became more and more convenient, we university students almost have computers and cellphones, we can research the words in many ways, so we did not due attention to spelling, instead depend on electronic dictionary.
In my opinion, not only teachers should recommend students to pay more attention to spelling, but also we should not depend on our computer and cellphone to research the words.
What's more , some of them are worth reading, they can help us extend our horizons.
In junior middle school, Ididn'think highly of English, so I always slept in the class.
Soon Icouldn't catch the flow of lesson, at last Ididn't pass the English exam.
I felt frustrate, Icouldn't bear the lost.
Because of the eager of success, Iwork hard everyday.
Finally, I became the second in our class.
In senior high school, I got a kind, patient, warm-hearted teacher.
I really like her, I focused more energy on English study.
As a result my English got a higher level.
This all my experience of English study.
I'm writing to tell you that an earthquake drill was held in our school yesterday.
when the alarm rang, all of us students hid ourselves in safer places.
As soon as the teacher and ran downstairs one by one.
Through the dill, we have learned how to escape in an emergency.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall, but Wang Lingling's hair is longer than Liu Lili.
And they have different habits.
Wang Lingling likes reading and she's serious.
Liu Lili likes sports and she is funner than Wang Lingling.
They also have something same.
They're both popular and outgoing.
Wang Lingling is hard-working.
But Liu Lili is smart.
They're best friend.
Oh, Wang Lingling is more serious than Liu Lili, but Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling.
With the improvement of life quality, more and more people will choose to travel in sheir spare time.
Travel has many benefits.
First of all, time can make their own arangements.
Secondly, costs can save a lot.
Finally we can also free camera.
Moreover we can also choose your love place.
If I trsvel, I will according to the location choice of self-help to travel with the regiment.
If it is a classical culture tourism, I wold choose to travel with the group, it will learn a lot of knowledge.
As we all know, English is one of the most important subjects in our courses, and it is one of the most important languages in the world.
Language is the most important way to communicate with others in life, so learning foreign language well is very important to us.
First, I think we should use the foreign language in our daily life, for example, we can communicate with our friends.
Second, you should do a lot of practice and you need a dictionary to look for some words.
You also need a notebook to take notes.
All in all, succeeding in language learning is not very difficult.
Parents show their love to us, and we hold a firm belief to show it to our children.
First of all It can greatly improve the efficiency of environmental protection.
For example We can use the machine to control the emission of harmful gas.
Secondly, we can use the control principle of reasonable design scheme against harmful environmental events.
With the development of people's living conditions, more and more people have nongovernmental cars, and the city traffic has been even heavier and more and more the traffic accident happen around us.
At the same time, what is more, air and noise pollution has become more serious.
Although the cars is convenient for us to go out, the traffic jams are now a major problem in most cities.
In my opinion, the increase of the private cars and the peoples lack of awareness of traffic regulations is the key to this problem.
Maybe our government should limit car industry development, and people should think carefully before they buy a car.
Meanwhile it is worthwhile for man to know about the traffic regulations, the more we realize about the regulations, the better life can we process.
So, for this purpose, we should do our best to overcome the difficulties.
People experiences a lot every day.
And the whole life is always abound in various experiences.
But it's for me, I will never forget that terrible experience.
I had the most unforgettable experience in my life when I was 17, as a senior high school student.
I still remember that day vividly.
That winter morning I get up a little late, it was half past five.
The morning, however, was still in darkness.
After washing my face, I got on my bike and rode off in a hurry, even without breakfast.
It was a ten-minute bike ride.
So I have to pick up speed in order not to be late for class, though I just can't see clearly.
When I rode to the last crossing that was absolutely near school, a small truck charged to me suddenly.
I failed to stop my bike as soon as possible.
Surely, I was knocked down with getting a flesh wound in my back.
Nevertheless, the driver didn't stop it.
With the darkness, he didn't see me.
One can only mature after experiencing different events.
That accident taught me a lesson I will never forget.
Faced with these moments, We should calm down.
And when walking in a street, we should make way for cars, and reduce our speed.
It is good for my body.
Our home has been seriously polluted.
We must face the music that the pollution problems are more than before and not only in the cities, but also in countryside.
Global warming, the dirty water and air, polluted foods and fewer trees and animals.
We put rubbish into the rivers and the seas.
This makes the water becoming dirtier and dirtier.
We cut down the trees.
This action kills the animals and makes the trees becoming fewer.
We burn things for energy and put gas into the air.
The air is becoming dirty.
We must solve these problems.
Here are some ways to protect the Earth.
First, we cannot throw the rubbish everywhere.
Second, use plastic bags and disposable products as few as you can.
Third, just stop putting the dirty water into the rivers and the seas.
Fourth, recycling things.
The last, we must plant more and more trees.
We have only one Earth.
It is our home.
I hope all of us can protect the Earth together.
Just do something for Earth, because it is time to rescue it.
As is know to all , books are the resource of knowledge and can not only broaden our horizons but also build our minds.
Books are to human what milk is to babies .
As far as i am concerned , just reading the books about our career is not enough.
Instead, we should acquire all kinds of culture and knowledge from diffrernt books.
you can read some books about philosophy and science which can expand you thoughts.
Masterpieces from home to abroad are also recommended to make you erudite.
Of course , there are many useful books I don't mention .
You can make decisions according to your own opinion.
I hope you can be addicted to the ocean of books and get what you want .
In my opinion, I believe that watching film at home is much better than go to the cinema.
As emotional human beings, we always encounter various affective problems and experience stress, resulting from numerous factors, including financial or academic expectation, limited resources, job competition and so on.
Firstly, stress makes people have some physical problems.
As darkness fell outside, you do have difficulty to be asleep.
Some people suppose that character education is only to let students acquire knowledge.
In the present society, moral cultivation is very important.
If we lose our moral quality, we can't do anything.
But how can we cultivate moral, it's a question.
At this time.
The importance of school is expressed.
Character education has supposed us to improve the moral quality.
We must improve our moral quality.
As we all know, everyone has a dream, and on some people's heart , there are plenty of dreams.
Last summer holiday, I failed the college examination.
My heart was filled with sorrow and even nothing could make me happy again.
I wanted to go to university, that's my dream.
Although I was very sad, I didn't give up my dream.
So I determined to spent one year to realise my dream.
The days were so boring.
Every day, the papers just like the flood, flew into my mind.
That year, my best friend was my little light.
Another matter was the exam.
So many times, I looked at my paper, but my mind was at a blank, just because of the mark.
I suppose that my hard work didn't pay off, but I didn't want to cry, you know, I can't cry.
That's true.
You have dreams, you must pay tears and hard work, especially perseverance.
What't more, convenience also plays an important part.
My hard work just like the sunshine , making my dream come true eventually.
One year later, I saw the university's gate finally opened for me.
The Internet a very important in our daily life.
Everyday many people surf the Internet.
When you meet difficult in your life.
you can chatting with your friends on the Internet.
However, every coin has two sides.
There is so much rubbish on the net, which are some medium messages about crime.
Net also make people waste time on it.
In addition, more and more finanvial crimes such as money laundering are committed via the Internet.
In my opinion, I completely agree with the latter view that the internet has more disavantages than advantages.
It gives rise to people's mental problems.
It results in various computer crimes.
In the modern time, there are a part of college students develop some bad habits, for example, they always stap up, cost money over their degree and are addicted to computer games.
In fact, these unhealthy habits are harmful to college students.
As a modern college student, we should have a good body and spirit.
We can build our bodies by doing morning excise or playing basketball and so on absolutely.
It is a good choice that read some meaningful books instead of playing computer games.
We should form positive attitude to spend our college life.
In our society, English is being more and more important.
As astudent.
I must study English conscientious in orthe to being success.
If my English level raise, I will being confident.
It is often said that love is a wonderful and simpl thing.
In my life , my favorate is my parents.
They may is not enough beautiyul in the world, but Ilove their sweet smile and kind attitude.
My parents always give my lots of love.
They often asks me how i get along wih my studies and encourages me to study hard.
Like me.
for example, on one occasion, I failed in the exam.
Hearing that I could hardly hoid back my tears, I felt that the world had become cold and everyone seemed to be laughing at me.
It was my parents who keeps encouging me noot to lose heart , which made me take heart of grance to face fail.
and then when my was ill.
They always took care of me carefully.
I am very lucky to have such a good parents.
I konw they love me more than anything eles in the world.
I am so deeply moved that tears came to my eyes.
Being polluted by the harmful gases produced by cars and factory, the air is becoming dirtier and the main cities are suffering from great pollution.
The forest is destoyed by the people, which results in the serious environmental problems as well.
Hence, people have to endure the harmful things spread in the air and even absorb them, which lead to lung cancer and do great harm to our health.
To stop the pollution, government should control the quantities of cars and ban factory from pouring waste without necessary process.
In recent years, Blog is extremely popular in many countries.
A number of people use Blog to express ideas of their own about politics and events in the world.
On the one hand, some people who have some ideas about something intend to share them with others or don't tend to let others recognize who they are, so they discover a medium to speak their ideas freely-----Blog.
Otherwise, they also can make friends with many people.
Though Blog brings many benefits, its negative influence is dispensable.
Such as some lawless elements via it spread rumors.
Also a few businessmen in terms of it advertising, it is likely to harm the interests of the users.
I had been off duty two days and when I returned, the first news I heard was, Chris died yesterday morning.
I think the old know what loving truly means, the young can only guss.
First, teacher be asking student pay attention to spell.
Animals come from wild.
are kept in zoos.
Forty percent of people think that animals should be kept in zoos.
First, people can see many kinds of animals in the zoos so that they don't need to go to wild.
The other sixty percent of people think that animals should live in the wild, because animals love living in the wild.
In my opinion, animals should live in wild, because nature is their home and they don't belong to human beings.
I think people should stop polluting the environment and using the animals furs.
If I have kids things they can not decide, then the parents shouid be for the kid out of ideas , rather than to help them make decisons.
Of course , in some cases, the parents should give children some help.
Children entering school, for example, also do not know how to learn, parents can do some specific guidance or tutoring.
But should pay attention to two questions: one is to guide the children to think for themselves, to solve the difficulties in learning and not arranged to replace; The second is to the purpose.
When children are unlikely to learn, parents can with appropriately, temporarily when the children walking stick.
But when a crutch fundamental purpose is to help children come over difficult.
The topic of the Model United Nations is the Syrian Crisis.
At the same time, I know if we want to do a thing well, we should pay more attention to the information searching.
I want to stay in the city or in the country.
I hope parents can give me a suggestion.
Everybody has distinctive habit and the way of learning have to be different.
Everyone wants to get to a good achievement.
So we could exchange the way of learning and good ideas to improve ourselves.
We have to study hard when we want to learn something well.
Look a book is also a good way to get information.
A good book could be change our life.
As the same reasons, Internet can Be useful.
My favorite way of learning is learn by Surfing Internet.
But as we all know, Surfing Internet is also could be harmful.
And talk with friends often.
Friends will tell you some good ideas.
Where there is a well, there is a way.
I think if we study hard and are used to thinking how to learn well.
We could do it well.
As a girl, shopping is my favourite hobby.
Also, I like watching movie, reading and listening to music.
But, today's movies is more and more boring, the books content increasing lack of meaning.
Playing basketball, football, swimming, sports is not my hobby.
A lot of people ask me what kind of work will do in the future, I also tell them I would like to work in human resources in the office.
Because of what I major in my college, I hope I can learn how to get along better than others.
I'm not good at having a freewheeling conversation to others.
In my future work, I will often deal with others.
As we all know , the proper sports activities is an opportunity to intensify nearly all parts of our bodies .
Scientists of Public health college in Harvard found that doing some certain exercises , for example three hours per week can lower the risk of men's heart attack by 22% .
According the research, form 1990 to 2010, the percentage increases from 0 to 24%, then to 58%.
In my opinions, this phenomenon is attributed to there reasons.
for one thing, the students have more free time when they are in college, so they can select some part jobs.
for another thing, they can do some part-time jobs to get some money to buy what they wat and go where they like.
for this, they are able to help their parents ease the burden.
So we shold to lean powerful spirit when we making the difficulties.
Someone talk to me that they like to sing English songs.
But they don't know how to learn.
First of all, you should recognse the words in the song though you don't understand there meanings.
Second, listen to the singer how to sing the song again and again.
Third, follow the singer to sing the song.
This is my way to learn English songs.
As the saying goes:  Will's stand long will, is without will's and grow set his heart on.
Just like the Chopsticks Brother's movie  Old boys  .
By the science and technique development, we can see the advertisement everywhere.
First of all, it is essential for company to make customer recognize their products.
There is no doubt that advertisement is a great way to improve their character.
If we need some information, the advertisement will offer messages we need.
On the other hand, a lot of person may think some advertisement are annoying.
For example, when we surf the internet, there always will be a banners.
There are some spam in our email inbox.
We will frequently feel the advertisement is very troublesome.
In a word.
The image of college life had come to me off and on when I was in high school .
In the past , I thought if I enter the college I will have enough free time to do anything I like.
Thildly, We also have some free time in the afternoon or in the evening .
But we will spend the time attending lectures , reading reference books doing exercise , going shopping, chatting with friends and so on .
We can do so many things in college .
Last but not least , when in high school , I lived with my parents, but now , they don not live with me .
Spelling words correctly is the basis for writing.
Students attach less importance to the spelling of words in the process of English study.
There are possibly several reasons contributing to this phenomenon.
First examoriented education makes the students pay less attention to spelling.
Secondly, many English teachers don't provide students with adequate knowledge of building up new words.
Since spelling is one of the most important factors in English study, due attention should be given to it.
As fom, I think we should be made aware of the serious consequence of misspelling.
Then exams should be modified to add some factors into it, which would help students pay more attention to spelling.
The first, taking part in social practice can rich our experience and make our life briliant.
As a college student, most of us are common lack of experience about society.
We can let us more mature through social practice.
So we should cherish every chances that can strong us.
Besides, it can make us more confident.
Because of this, we don't just think studying.
Social practice is more good for us than reading.
Due to reading just expend our mental world.
On the contrary, social practice can rich our physical world.
If when we get into the society, we can adjust to some new environment quickly.
As time goes away, I'm 22 years old.
I found a part-time job last summer.
I think summer vacation is too long to us.
All of us want to do some signification to enrich our life and improve our ability.
As for me, I found a job that to be an English teacher.
Now I still remembered the first class I had given to them.
In the beginning, I can't make them calm down, because I didn't have any experience about it, So I followed the other people to improve my teaching skills.
At the third day, a third-grade teacher on leave, so the headmaster asked me to teach them.
I said yes without hesitation.
The first class I gave them some colors like red green, yellow blue and purple.
When I stood on the platform and saw so many eyes with hanger for knowledge, Suddely I felt a sense of responsibility, When I saw the headmaster was encouraged me, I really fall confident.
At first, I linked these words into life.
The children were very interested in it.
Then I try to put these word incorporated into the song that like Two Tigers, I sang it loudly and asked them to follow me.
The headmaster was satisfied with me, when I saw the children studied very hard, I felt well.
This is my most unforgettable experience, I learn much from this thing.
A bold attempt is half success.
So we should be courageous to face everything.
Relativitly, College students are more freer in time.
A lot of students make full use of their spare time and vocation to do some jobs.
Every coin has two sides.
Secondly, we can gain knowledge and accumulate social experience through doing part-time jobs.
In my opinion, I hold positive attitude for doing part-time jobs.
Because it makes me learn something what I can't learn in college.
What I lost is not worthy of mention comparing to what I gain.
Li Hua wants to be a fashion designer in the future because she does well in painting pictures and wants to design pretty clothes for the public.
Chang Lili's ideal job is to be a gardener because she is fond of plants and wants to make our city cleaner and more beautiful.
Ma Kai, who has a geart ideal.
He wants to be a professinal writer like Mo Yan.
The reason why he wants to be a writer is he likes writing very much and he would like to share his fantastic stories with others.
Sun Jun said he'll be a cook in the future because nowadays, most food are unhealthy, he wants to cook green, healthy and tasty food for everybody.
L think.
With the development of society, population explosion become a serious problem.
In my opinion, we should realize the importance of environmental protection and make more efforts to protect the environment.
We should drive less but more depend on public transportation means.
It is made of cloth, the color of the donkey is blue and red.
There is some beautiful flower design on its belly.
It is used to sleeping.
I love it very much.
I got it last autumn, October, first.
My best friend knew that I love something lovely, so she gave me this lovely donkey doll.
And I enjoy sleeping very much.
That's why I like it.
An innocent kid is likely to be satisfied with staring at the blue sky and smiling upon the shining stars.
For example, in the morning, mom hurried up to ask my dad and me to get up because dad and I were absorbed in a football game on TV with drinking juice and laughing at the mom of sleep last night.
Because there is someone still worries about you.
Anyway, there is no exact definition of the word happiness.
In my opinion, an ordinary family is enough to deliver you, embrace you and make you happy when you get lost on the way.
As the life gets better, more and more people are interested in the pets.
They raise the pets that gradually become their friends.
Not only do people know what is love, but also animals know it.
People may feel better to be with lovely animals than to be with human beings, because animals are more simple in heart than people.
Besides, animals are usually cute to us, which makes us put our hearts to them.
In my opinion, we can devote ourselves to the pets, raising them as our children.
Love between people and animals should be protected.
Some people hold that the gap is natural because it reflects different contributions that different people make in their work.
As anything has two sides, so has the problem of income gap.
Form must be varied, so as to satisfy the needs of the school in various Department of the Ministry.
Above mentioned, that is my idea of a University Arts Festival.
And third, we need reasonable brains when the contradict happen.
Spoets are wonderful activity to link up.
Don't stress yourself too much, but it's always nice to lend a hand.
Today it is Sunday.
The weather is fine.
I wake up at eight in the morning.
After breakfast, I do morning exercises.
I like reading there.
It is very interesting and meaningful.
Then, we do our assignments together at night.
With the rapid development of the Internet, therefore, online shopping has gradually entered the lives of ordinary people.
In addition, more and more Chinese begin to favor online shopping for its convenient.
To begin with, confronted with this question, so how can we deal in these benefits.
But on the day, l and he not were best friend, so we became worse friend.
Because he thought me steal his watch.
He said, that was his father buied to him, it was important ever much.
l believed friendship was ture and important.
l thought friends should trust each other, didn't chould be suspected.
But at the same time, a growing unrest over food safety in China has caught everyone's concern.
Food scandal appears one by one.
I think, first, we should growing awareness of the issue.
To growing it, the government should improve and perfect the law, make food producer dare not to produce food which are harmful to people.
And than the government should make everybody know the harmful of such poisonous food.
I really pray that the issue of food safety will be solved successfully.
As an annual competition, this year our theme is The English Novel I Like Best  .
Gorky once said, Book is the ladder to progress of human being  .
Though winning the champion isn't the first important thing, we also hope you guys can try your best to show yourself perfectly.
For the first, each participant only has five minutes to make speech.
Besides that, speaking fluently and pronouncing exactly are necessary.
Now, I am a student from the NORTHEAST NORMAL UNIVERSITY.
For example, I did not live with my roommates but just lived with my parents in the past years .
And I meet a lot of people from different places now.
For Another, my school life was surrounded with teachers and they controlled all the things in the past.
However, the teachers in the university would like to give the students more time to learn by themselves.
And now I can join many interesting organizations to make me go through more experience than in the past years.
What is more, I can show my talents adequately.
I think the life in the university would be more colorful and more abundant than the life in the past years.
So, I must value the life now.
I will not only study well but also join the activities energetically.
An excellent example, of a person's words and actions both disclose his/her attitude and intention can be found in Kobe Bryant, who was almost winning every single paramount basketball prize all his career.
He said to his father that I would beat up Jordan one day.
Another compelling illustration that one's intentions can be affirmed in both his/her words and actions is Audrey Hepburn.
She not only expressed her deep concern towards impoverished kid's rights by her speech Be With You in 1989, but also went to Somalia to look after those moribund children for the starvation at the end of 1992, when she had a serious cancer.
As an old the Chinese adage said: Talking without practice is fake, and practice without talking is dumb.
Nowadays, with the development of economy.
More and more people all consider competition and cooperation.
It's something like that competition and cooperation have become an essential part of our daily life.
Competition in modern society has established cooperation, which is everyone's face common task.
But competition can stimulate individual initiative and enthusiasm and increase the efficiency and effectiveness of learning to potential of filling.
We can compete when we play games, try to do better than others in our study and so forth.
These are constant competition for jobs, fame, wealth.
There is a development.
In study, some people work hard because none of them wants to fall behind.
In company, the competition is very strong obviously.
Everybody wants to get better position.
It can be good for the complete company to develop.
So there are no forever friends nor rivals, but interest.
To sum up, competition and cooperation prevail throughout the world.
Even though I advocate competition, we should not turn a blind eye to the competition in front of us.
Also, we cannot refuse to collaboration with others.
At the same time, I also exercise my ablity in the activities.
What's more, doing some sports not only make me healthy but also be a good way for me to relax.
Take part in after-school activities is a good choice for you if you want to make your school life more colourful.
Dear Mr.
Smith, I'm L, a student of our university.
To let you know something about me, here I introduce some personal information to you.
Lucky to be admitted into this collage, I have to say I'm poor in English, this is why I want to join your course.
My dog name is Ben.
It is a interesting dog, it like watch TV and see me play computer games.
I usually run with Ben at the park every weekend, it often faster for me.
It not only like run, but also play ball games too.
Because dogs is our friend, They are very friendly.
And they can help blind peoples, for example, help blind peoples go for a walk.
During the first period from January to March, the gold sales kept on increasing rapidly, right from 200 to about 350 millions of durhams .
And the most impressive motto he sent to me is, Never lie.
Firstly , as we all know, health is the first thing in our life.
They are crazy about making money , working day after day , hour and hours only leave little time to enjoy their lives.
They pay a little attention to their health.
So they make a crucial mistake.
All above are trying to explain the importance of health .
On the one hand, keeping pets has some benefits.
First, it can bring happiness to the old and let the young learn how to become more responsible people.
On the other hand, there are also some troubles when we are keeping pets.
Firstly, pets like dogs are always noisy and bark at strangers.
If some pets are so naughty that make your things dirty and messy, you will be angry with them but you ca do nothing to them.
Secondly, it will take additional cost to keep pets.
In my opinion, pets can help people a lot.
For example, guide dogs are the blind's eyes that lead to anywhere.
However, I don't thing that it's a good idea to raise pets.
The snow was so thick.
Remembering English words are important to learn English.
Nonetheless it's natural to forget new words.
First, you should always pay attention to English new words everywhere and write four or five new words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.
Read the words when you see them, and try to use them.
Second, you can try to learn some spelling rules.
It's a good idea to pronounce new words aloud every day.
Here are that many suggestions.
Hongxing Farm provides major supplies of fruits and vegetables to our school's restaurant.
Hongxin Farm, located in the place of about 50 km from my school, covers an area of 130 acres.
It is not far from our school.
So, it can be more convenient for us to fetch the food from Hongxing to our school.
In this way, we can taste fresher food.
It produces many kinds of organic vegetables as well as organic fruits.
Such as cucumbers, Chinese cabbages, carrots, pears and watermelons.
Especially, apples are provided all through the year.
Some of you may ask why they are so good.
Thanks to the supply of Hongxing Farm, we enjoy the food and grow healthy.
With our growing up, we know more and more about the life and the world .
For another thing, the college tells us to be independent.
Nowadays, with the development of technology and science, different kinds of digital products are being produced, including digital camera, e-book, MP4 and so on.
Tell the truth, it's beneficial to improve our living standards.
As is known to all, everything has two aspects, advantage and disadvantage.
The digital products are no exception.
On the one hand, the digital products are useful to work, study and live for people.
On the other hand, the digital products has shortcoming.
However, the students who spend too much time on them will fall behind others.
In general, I suggest that people make proper use of them.
Shopping on the Interent has abundant advantages.
The most essential of which is its convenience.
People prefer staying at home and shopping for things to wasting their precious time and energy on going from one shop to another.
Nevertheless, you have to aware the disadvantages of online shopping.
Just as every coin has two sides, shopping on the Interent also has its shortage.
For one thing, the consumers are neither able to examine the products nor try them on, while others complain that they cannot touch, smell or taste what they are going to purchase.
As far as I am concerned, shopping online is convenient indeed.
However, we should pour more attention into selecting the products and choosing the most trustworthy online shop.
As is known to us, if you want to be successful , you must work hard .
I believe I can achieve my dream.
For another, it makes me feel with a sense of accomplishment.
Through doing the puzzle, I have more chances to show me , I can spell out the design that he likes.
In my opinion , getting online is a pretty positive way to study and relax ourselves.
On the on hand, i think the punishment is the very important means.
China has a old saying about  sticks out under the son  .
In the same way, i believe that if the punishment is too large will make all the in mind have scruples, afraid to do illegal things.
i think Traditional Reading or Online Reading each special .
As freshmen, we should realize that we must undertake more responsibilities and appreciate everyone who helped us before, especially our family, friends and teachers.
Our primary responsibility is to get more knowledge and use knowledge reasonably.
We also should learn to research with passion and initiative spirit.
I'm glad to receive your email.
Great changes have already taken place in our town since you left that people's living standard have been improved remarkably.
A great deal of our neighbour have moved into some beautiful and big flats which are full of facilities, such as telephones, color TVs, washing machines , fridges and so on.
We also have our own tractors, trucks and cars.
It's been much more convenient after wide roads have been built between villages ang cities, for our government is attaching great importance to changing villages into cities.
Hope you can come back someday and I will show you around.
Recently, continual social incidents have been appeared.
There is no doubt that the journalism wold report them in time even ahead of time.
However, during the process of reporting, there existed a series of problems between the reporter and the person involved.
For example, some journalism have distorted or stretch the facts, which cause someone's displeasure.
Sometimes the journalist starts or spread a rumour of the celebrity such as the entertainment gossip.
I think this behavior invade the privacy of somebody like Wenzhang, who was discovered an extramarital affair with Yao.
What's more, the journalism also expose the corruption of the government, which most citizens approve of.
But everything should be done within control, if journalist exposes something without curl, it's not allowed by the law.
In fact, they have already interfered the private life of some people when they published the report.
But on the other side, we have to admit the truth that the journalism is the bridge between celebrity and the commoners, between the foreign and the domestic.
We can nearly obtain all the latest information all over the world from it, especially on the Internet.
So the journalism is necessary.
And at the same time, the truth of it appeared pretty important.
In the information age, since we cannot distinguish right from wrong by ourselves, we have to believe some opinions that most people hold blindly.
In conclusion, I think above all the journalist should insist to seek the facts, secondly, I wish they had better not express their individual opinion on the issue because everyone has their own likes.
Last but not least, as for the privacy, the journalist ought to be appropriate to know and publish it.
I have been a college student for a year in which I found the college is like a new world, there are many fresh, fancy and attractive things that waiting for you to explore.
But at college, you needn't to take so many classes, even sometimes you're free all day, so you have more time to do things you're prefer.
It is convenient, for you can connect others easily and quickly.
My name is L.
When I was six year old.
My mother told me some advise.
She said she hoped me to read some bookes such as some novel by the famous writers.
And she said the traditional reading is better than online reading.
When I grow up.
I think traditional reading can make you read them a lot of times.
As you the more read you can learn a lot of things what you didn't know at you first read them.
So, let us reading books by traditional way.
At present, the use of the internet in our lifes more and more widely, people are increasingly denpendent on it.
Now, internet is no longer just get information so simple .
It appears a variety of net working tools and piatforms.
For example, micre-blog .micre messages .on the one hand, it can make us know more people.
But between person and persons's language commmunicate less and less.
My boyfriend is not a handsome boy, not tall, and now he is a little fat.
There is some fat on his abdomen.
But that can not change my love to him.
He protects me to let sadness far away from me.
He always has many ways to make mehappy when the tears in my eyes.
His love makes me depend on him, as the child depend on the shoulders, the tears depend on the face.
When I stay with him I can be myself, do everything what I want to do.
The most important reason why I love him is that he is himself.
Finally, it seems to be a tendency that people depend too much on cell phones.
It's no doubt that books are our best friends.
And we all know that we should make the most of the books.
One reason why they have the view is that they think the way can help them has a wide knowledge of fresh things that they never know .
In a way, when we refer to the way how to read, we don't mean that we only can choose one way to learn .
We can read both selectively and extensively.
As time goes by, I've already been a member of The NO.1 Senior High school .
When i first saw the buildings of my school, I felt surprised that the environment there was very fantastic.
The school was clean and many trees and flowers are in it.
There were many activities in first grade.
Guitar optional course was my favourite.
My first English teacher was a handsome middle-aged man.
His pronunciation of Engliah was pretty good.
His method of teaching was nothing like that of teachers in my Junior High school.
I also made some new friends there.
Zhang Jiyuan became one of my best friends.
We both lived in the same dormitory.
As a college students, i am very happy, and feel very lucky than my students whom never to school or give up to school in some time.
but anything have example, study may let us live happy, but thesedays, it is not very obvious.
Day and day, year and year, we had lose very more due to study, in fact, we have not get anything.
On the contry, sometimes, we maybe have some regret, a little of complains.
X lives in W who is my good friend.
she will come to visit me on may day.
On the morning of may1.
l will pick she up in the train station.
in the afternoon l will show she around and take she to taste the local food.
we will go to the shiyan museum to know the W'history.
last l will she to look around my university.
On the morning of may 3.
she will leave.
Today, online shopping has become a fashion, every one loves online shopping.
Sometimes I will buy something on the line , such as buy clothes , shoes, pants and so on.
Online shopping has many advantages, for example, you need not out of buying what are you want buy, and there are many kinds of ships that you need not choose on the street that will protect you from the sun or rain when you out of.
something ships on the line are cheaper than in the store.
ever coin has two sides, although online shopping is convenient that there are still many shortcomings.
It is feasible for us to make delivery within a half month after receiving your order.
Nowadays , with the rapid development of the economy, Pressing problems appear all over the world on a large scale, endangering people's life.
It is convinced that extraterrestrials exist in space.
Looking back on the past few years, people develop blindly regardless of the environment.
The problems such as global warming, air pollution and the increasing population, bring about some harmful effects.
In this context, it is high time for us to change this condition.
If we could have a talk with extraterrestrial, we should make the best of the opportunity.
For one thing, analyzing the source of these problems is necessary.
In addition, we could find effective measures and take them into practice.
It's our responsibility to save our earth.
I hope that the extraterrestrial could give us a hand and everyone should take part in the team to protect our planet.
Today we have World Water Day .
Colorful and attractive coupons and dozens of group-buy activities are everywhere in our life.
Actually, it is just a sale method by the smart sellers who want their goods to be widely known and sell well.
It is hard to judge the benefits of the coupons and the group-buy activities.
Therefore.
We all looked at her and said: good morning teacher.
  Wow, now you are precious as a panda.
  Must.
My first trip to United States without my parents.
I went to America, when I was in grade five.
We traveled a lot of places there.
Colorado Grand Canyon is pretty good, we took lots of photos.
We live in the hotel has taken a movie.
There is no doubt that many person like music.
Sometimes music will let us feel happy, of course, music will let us feel sad also.
As is known by all that music have different styles.
For example, hip hop, jazz, classical.
So we can choose what we like music.
Good music will have a good influence on us.
In all, I hope everyone can listen to music.
It is crucial that we should take in some thing from it.
With the development of society, the life's level of people become better than before, so there are many ways to entertainment people can choose.
At present, there is no doubt that more and more people will choose to travel in their life.
Because they have some pressures in their daily life, it will let them relax to go to travel.
In addition, not only people can widen their horizons but also can they communicate with others from all over the world.
All in all, travelling plays an important role in our daily life, we cannot ignore it but we should enjoy it actively.
I am sure I can make greater progress in English if I work harder.
I really want to have the opportunity.
On the one hand, to be an actor is my dream.
And I always dream of performing on the stage.
What's more, I have such a good command of English.
And I can speak fluent English.
Thirdly, they don't know what to do when they out.
In order to improve our life style, we should take part in all kinds of activities.
In recent years, Domestic food safety problem is ongoing concerns about.
Nonetheless We cannot leave food.
Thanks to un-safety food .
Some people were got food poisoning, the others were died.
For saving these problems, I will give some suggestions.
First of all, government should intensify the attendance to the safety of food .
Second, we should try to eat least Fried food.
When we purchase fruits and vegetable, we had better wash them several times.
Maybe blog has provied a platform for children which they can express freedom.
It is obvious that children who are addicted to writting make themselves more ana more autism.
What's worse, it may lead them lacking of communicating with their parents.
As far as I am concerned, children should be allowed to spend time on blog bu at the same time, they should use it in a appropriate way.
My hero is an ordinary.
Everyone should know computer is the most useful things in our daily life.
Over-reliance on computers will bring a lot of problems.
First of all, computer has a great many radiation that will hurt our healthy, result in cut down our immunity go with we grow up.
Then, when we watch too much on computer, our sight will be obscure.
Finally, computer is a virtual world, there are harmful messages while we search on the Internet, and those messages can changes our mind.
In my opinion, Appropriate use of computer is good for us.
When we search on the Internet, We must have the ability to distinguish between good and bad information.
And we can not easily believe that other people say .
From the invention of cellphones to now, during which most of people are crazy about using the cellphones.
The advantages are as follows.
Firstly, they make people's commiunication convenient greatly.
The cellphones also play a bad role in daily life , when students are using them to do something.
As I'm concerned, I figured that we should use it properly, such as playing games after long study.
I'm very glad that my foreign friend will come to my contry.
I will take him to visit interesting and famous places.
As far as I'm concerned, the Great Wall is the symbol of China.
The second place I want to take him to is Tian An Men Square.
I will be with him together to see the national flag-raising ceremony .
With the rapid development of encomy, the Tian An Men Square can show the strength and beauty of our country.
In today's society, More and more urban cont-ruction relies on migrant workers.
According to a survey,17 from Guangzhou,16% from Beijing,12% from Chongqing,11% from Dongguan,20% from Shenzhen,24% from Shanghai.
In the big cities, Many men work on construction sites.
While many women work as dishwashers in restaurants or babysitters for city dwellers.
First and foremost, the limited land can no longer produce enough crops for an ever impressing rural population.
In the second place, there are far more opportunities in big citys-rural labors dream of earning money through hard work.
 While speaking, the father pointed the dustbin.
When people walk on the road , they often look phone to see their friends's message .
as a result , they often fall themselves down , and will become other people's talk topic .
so I think when people walk on the road they should be careful and should be focus on the public facilites in the road .
Using mobile phone is a model behaviour , but we should use it correctly .
In your life, you may meet millions of people, someone leave, someone stay, or just a passer-by.
Actually, l believe that someone important will stay in your heart deeply and forever.
Since I was born, my mum has cared me for 18 years.
I love my mother who leads me to a bright and right way in my life.
Maybe, she isn't prefect, wise or rich, but there's no doubt she is the most important person in my life.
She just like the air and water which I cannot live without them in my lifetime.
  Every student was talk their dream with a light in their eyes.
Although I have studying the Faculty of Journalism in collage, I want to be a store manager of snack store.
First step: Feankly speaking, I don't want to waste the knowledge what I got.
As a journalist, on the one hand, it is a profession which abound in newness and stimulate; on the other hand, journalist usually haven't breathing space regularly.
Even, it is a danger at any time and any place when a journalist have a private interview.
For a graduate, I think it is important for me to accumulate social experience, by the way, fund is a key.
Secend step: I also want to run a snack store in a beautiful city, small but fine.
I can sell spring roll, hot dog, the fruit drink and so on.
I am my own boss, running own store, in this way, I will have more freedom, for example, regular rest, free work time and no control by others.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
We will see different view what we can't predict when we on the way of life.
However, with this trend, we also face cultural challenges when western cultural dominates mainstream values.
The tune of every word , the gestures, the expressions and so on were considered.
Diligence has a lot to do with simply devoting time and effort to something.
learn foreign language.
Fast food, akind of west food , is very popular in China now.
Here are four reasons.
First of all, fast food is convenient and it saves our precious time.
I think it's the primary reason.
Second, you can not only eat at fast food store, but also pick up them and come back home to eat.
Third, almost all of the fast food stores are clean and make customers feel good.
But fast food has less nutrition.
And it's bad for your health if you often eat it.
So, in my opinion, we could eat fast food if there is no time.
And just eat it once in a while.
Keep an idea journal.
Now China 's English study of hot have two variety differ opinion.
So student English newspaper is host of the discussion.
The reason is that study technology , the good of international communication understand the east cultural .
More and more peoples from other countrie know Chineses cultures now , and we awear theirs, too.
No wander, it is inspiring for us to see a foreigner love our traditional Chinese costumes, not to say it is an American who comes from the developing country in the world .
That is good news to us .
It says Yes.
for us effort so many years.
To develop our economic, we should open our door to accept the international cultures.
However , we should remeber we are Chineses.
Our culture is as good as theirs, we should try our best to let it become international, too.
China has 5000 years old history.
When we learn the cultures from other countries, we also have the responsible to tell them about ours.
Edison is born in 1847 in Ohio.
Edison attended school for only three months.
After his teacher said he was couldn't learn , Edison's mother decided to teach him at home.
From then on, he was allowed to explore the subjects that most interested him.
Edison got his first job to seal candy and newspapers on the railway.
His first invention was the automatic telegraph repeator.
Before that, he already became an expert on the telegraph.
It made voting quicker a more accurate.
But no one wanted to buy it .
It can made he and his business partners could concentrate on invention .
after he improved telephone, he created phonograph.
In 1883 Edison'partners discovered electrons.
he use his life to created what can made people life confortable and help science improving things .
He work hard and don't drop.
He didn't fear any difficult and he could face up to it .
It took me 3 hours to skim the book .
Owing to cultural difference, we have different thinking modes.
confident as a creative thinker .
He talks about many interesting problems in the book.
The index adds appreciably to the usefulness of the book.
overcome barriers to new ideas and develop a creative attitude.
Reading is a wonderful pastime.
A broad meaning of love, friendship, affection, love can be.
Love is perhaps the first fall in love at first sight when the feeling of heartbeat, maybe love is trust when I go in terms of thick and thin together, maybe love is the feeling.
When I rode the bike in a hurry at night, I always heard the old man's voice following me Hurry up, hurry up, go home to have dinner.
I am L and I am a student who study at you home in the USA.
Now, I just come back my home to have a rest.
However, I have forgot my dictionary in your house.
The dictionary is important to me because it is the first present which my wangshin give me .
the dictionary maybe at the bookshelf in the badroom, it is easy to find.
I hope you will send me the dictionary quickly.
Nowadays, more and more people want to go to big cities, in which they think can find good jobs and have better lives.
One obvious problem is that the cities become more and more crowed.
This will lead to traffic jam, lack of housing, unemployment rate increase and so on.
What is more, the city environmental pollution, such as the air pollution, the water pollution and the noise pollution, will be more serious.
Last but not least, the interpersonal communication will be more difficult.
Some days ago, I witnessed a traffic accident.
I will write an eye-witness account about that.
It was a sunny Sunday morning.
when I was acrossing the road, I saw a white pet dog acrossing from the oposite side.
At the same time, a red car speeded over to that dog.
Next I saw the dog shocked to a distant and lied on the road not moving.
I was thrilled much.
I haven't seen a accident like this.
After a minuite, the walkmen got together around the white dog.
And the host of the dog burst out crying when she saw this.
The driver hurried out of the car and walked to the dog .
Then he said'I am very sorry you lady and your dog, I will be responsible for this and I will try do what I can do to make up for this.
The first half , I was the qualifying GK and I sealed up 4 shoots at the goal.
The second half , WuBoyang was the GK and he also sealed up some some goals.
Some maybe think Chinese is an ancient and magic language and is worth to learn .
I think it is possible in the occasion that we attach importance to English than Chinese .
Life is wonderful, everyone has their own life, and full of interested things.
Look at our currant social media and technique are developed, so the wonderful life also has a TV media, put some social phenomenon and some wonderful things it conveyed to us, let us feel the wonderful world.
And now TV show has a lot of, so we can discover their favorite programs.
For me, one of my favorite shows is CCTV5, like sports, I always like to watch some about sports shows, especially like the basketball program, because I love the sport of basketball, it can give me power, increase my passion for life, and can enhance physical fitness.
Also like the news program, pay more attention to some news on current politics and some state affairs.
This will support us to understand society, learning to live.
Recently foreign teacher Mr. Smith from Canada become the oral English teacher of our class.
He is a handsome young man of medium height.
He has two big eyes with glasses.
He is very friendly, he often with the help of students.
And he is humorous and outgoing.
He is a good teacher because he has much knowledge and can make his classes lively and interesting.
Even though he is easy to get along with students, he is very strict in our studies.
when talking about an important person, firstly Mancy will appear in my head.
She is my classmate in high school.
She is a little bit short with a pair of small eyes.
Everytime when she smiles, her eyes will squint to a line like a new moon.
The first impression she leaves to other will always be quiet.
But we didn't like each other at the beginning when she sat beside me.
I thought she was too cold that I felt very boring at class.
She was always busy with her assignment and unconcerned about what happening around.
Unfortunatly, my feet bone-broken one day, I have to sit in bed for at least 15 days.
So I asked for leave and stayed at home.
Life went so slow, I can hardly do anything.
At the third day, Mancy called me, which surprised me a lot.
She asked for my feet and told me that she had kept all the important notes down for me.
After that , I backed to my school with the help of walking stick.
When I arrived in school I found that Mancy had prepared everything ready for me.
And she helped me in almost all the aspect in my daily life, including my breakfast, lunch, dinner, water and so on.
She was always by my side to assist me when I'm walking.
And what't more, she even helped me washing my feet and my sockets.
She has given me too much moving stories during that time.
Naturally, we became best friends later.
And we built up our own tacit understanding in a very short time.
Everyday in class, we laughed and discussed the problems of studying.
Also, we shared our own problems of living and kept no secrets from each other.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Mancy taught me mang things.
It is her that let me realize what the true significance of friendship, and it is her that always making me feel warm during my difficult time.
As far as I am concerned , there is no really between the sexes in present day in China.
The phenomenon of men and it is common in China, especially in the country.
For example , woman is looking for the work harder than men.
This traditional concept is wrong.
We should promote equality between and women in a basic objective in China's social development.
When I was a child, my dream is a teacher.
As far as I am concerned that teaching is a meaningful thing, like a gardener's work.
Firstly, read more afer-school books is essential , it will boar-den my horizons, enrich my life, increase the chances of success in the future.
Learn another language is also not be lack, it will help me know more information when having an affair.
advantage that one can obtain a lot of special informations.
Though I know, it also have a long distance to let my dream come true, there are a lot of things should I do.
Nowadays, there are more and more young people leaving their family for earning money and supporting their whole family.
They always overlook their parents who have no jobs and just stay in home.
Take me as an example , I left home to study in college which was far away from my hometown.
At the beginning , I didn't feel homesick and seldom called back to my parents.
Form my personal point of view , I think a majority of parents wish their children would go home often.
Because both parents like their children and want to see them.
Now, science is very essential.
Science is necessary to most people in the modern world.
Science is crucial to world peace and scientists are asking and answering many interesting and essential questions about people and their lives.
Let me share you some examples.
With the development of computer, it becomes our friends.
She can do many things and help us know more knowledge, play some computer games to relax us and can talk to friends and so on.
With the rapid progress in the science of life, more and more people want to stay healthy, then they eat more vegetables and fruit in their free time.
There is probably some truth in both arguments, Some people say, electronic communication can replace face-to-face , because it Internet shortens distance in communication.
There is a grain of truth in these statements, but they ignore a more important fact.
As far as i can see, i think going to classes should be optional for us students.
Nowadays, we can see, in university, skipping classes is normal.
University is a place where we can learn and develop ourselves.
It's a free atmersphere.
we have the right to choose what classes we have to attend, not attend every class.
It's more easy for teachers to teach us.
as we all know, some students will skip the class they don't like.
For teachers, it's upset to see studends skip their class, then, that will influence reachers' mood to teach others.
And, those skipped classes will have publishment on the other hand.
We can have a knowledgeable of what we like.
Attending each class is too messy, and we may not learn some usble things.
If we put the time to concentrate on one subject, we will learn better.
We are enclosing our illustrated catalogue and price list giving the details you ask for.
At the same time, we guarantee delivery within the prescribed time limit, make sure the activity smoothiy.
We have already sold the fireworks and firecrackers to U.
K. We feel confident that you will find the goods are both excellent in quality and very reasonable in price.
Whatever, we are looking forward to your order .
In 1976, Jobs with his friends sold the first personal computer named AppleI, but then he found this personal computer is not sold so well.
In 1985, Jobs meeted many problems and finally he leaved his company.
In my opinion, it is more important for students to learn facts than it is for them to understand ideas and concepts.
For example, if a doctor needs to do an operation, then she or he has to know the facts of the patient instead of the concepts or the ideas of the operation.
But even it is more important for the students to learn the facts, they still need to understand the ideas and concepts.
Let's go back to the operation again.
If you don't know the ideas and concepts about the operation, then I am pretty sure that you cannot finish the operation in the right way, and maybe you will fail the operation owing to your ignorance of the ideas and concepts.
In a word, students should pay more attention to the facts than to the ideas and concepts.
At the meanwhile, ideas and concepts are still very important.
Houyi was very sad.
On New Year's Eve , I watched the Spring Festival Gala with my parents when I was eating dumplings.
The programme of it was very interesting.
On the second day, I dropped in on my relative.
I said Happy New Year to them and then they gave some money to me.
Setting off is a way to celebrate in Spring Festival of China.
On the one hand, most of them think that government is supposed to prohibit it.
Because of the global warming, haze pollution of the city becomes more serious every day.
On the other hand, some people enjoy setting off in New Year's Eve.
Personally, setting up in the Spring Festival is a traditional custom of China.
Last Sunday, I was going to get up early and then I was doing some sports.
I felt tired, but it was helping me to keep healthy.
I Saw my mother doing a good breakfast and I ran over to help her to do the breakfast.
I think they have a good breakfast, so I was careful to do it.
After doing the breakfast, I wanted to help my mom to do the housework.
Fist, I went to the kitchen to do the dishes and clean it up.
I washed dishes while listening to it again, so I don't feel bored.
Ten minutes later, the kitchen became very clean and tidy.
I opened the window and felt the wind dies down.
After five minutes, the floor is very bright.
Then, I went to the living room to water the flowers.
Some flowers wither quickly and I took the kettle watering them.
In the evening, my father ate food said you can help your mother to do the housework is very good, this will help you grow up.
This was my busy and happy Sunday, but I felt very good.
Internet play an important role in our daily lives.
Many people like reading in the Internet , especially among the young people.
Some people say e-book is their favourite, they hold the opinion to the reason of it is convient to find the book which they want.
It saves time.
What's more, reading in the Internet strength initiate of readers.
Readers can comminute with each other.
They also can comment on after reading in the Internet.
Public interest is stimulated by e-book.
Moreover, e-book saves the paper.
While others think that e-book is not good for readers in the following reasons.
First, there are some mistakes in the e-book, it has a little different from original.
It is not good for people to use it, especially for students.
Second, e-book needs computer and Internet.
Not everyboby has this condition.
It still not popular among people.
Third, people read in the Internet for a long time do harm to their body health.
It is bad for their eyes and antisternum.
As far as I am concern, e-book has advantages so that we can use it.
When we want to find a book which is hard to find in the library, we can use e-book.
At the same time, we should control the time that reading e-book.
In recent years, the domestic food safety problem continuing concern.
Food safety has even been coined to deleterious effects of society and people's livelihoods.
Illegal cooking oil has been in the news a lot in the last few years, many restaurants were shown using illegal cooking oil instead of edible oil.
Raising people's awareness of food safety is necessary to everyone.
First, we should show solicitude for food hygiene.
There is a shortage of labors in most coastal areas during these years.
The phenomenon is far from groundless.
companies.
Since American sub prime triggered a global financial crisis in 2007, governments have taken a lot of stimulus measures, and the economy has been gradually recovering, the enterprise order began to increase.
However, enterprise, because of the financial crisis, fired some staff.
The contributing reason is the labor structure is not reasonable.
At present, all kinds of colleges, in the process of training talents, disjoint labor market demand.
On the one hand, graduate students can't find jobs.
On the other hand, enterprise can't find skilled workers.
Graduate students always have higher expectations and lack the spirit of endure a hardship.
So companies are reluctant to hire them in some individual regions, and graduate students don't want to go to it.
Last but not least, labor-intensive enterprises' labor demand is strong.
  Dear John is a novel by Nicholas Sparks, published in 2010.
Nicholas Sparks was born in the United States in December 13,1965.
He graduate from Notr Dame.
Nicholas Sparks was called the king of the United States department of love novel.
His novels are always in best-selling.
Nicholas Sparks' story Message in the Bottle  (1999)brought him his first success.
The following years, he published The Notebook  , which also made a great hit.
This is a book of love but not only love.
Savannah is a college student.
In a holiday, John met Savannah on the beach and fell in love at first sight.
But he had to return the army, or even be stationed overseas.
Time of day after day in the past, they rely on the letter to keep their love.
Two years later, John's military service ended.
But the beginning of the war, he had to extend the service time.
He received a Dear John Letter from Savannah.
John felt so despair, but he didn't immediately call Savannah and fly home.
He just put the letter back into the envelope and decided where to go with it, like carrying on the battle field injuries.
Many years later, John found the secret of Dear John Letter.
They were met again in the street.
Savannah was married with Tim.
In the end, John set on the hillside to see Savannah and her recovery husband seemingly warmth and love.
This is an absorbing story that the reader cannot put down the book before he finishes reading it.
The actor has the great love and selfless love, just hope his love happy but not has it.
True love is like that.
On the September of last year, I came to the college which is called Northeastern University of Qinhuangdao.
  It is standing in the middle of my school.
And it is surrounded by clear water.
There are many goldfish swimming in the lake.
Feeding the fish is interesting for us.
We can arrive at the pavilion through a long bridge which is funny.
If the weather is sunny, we can rest in there and enjoy the great view.
It must be enjoyable for us.
Piavilion is the example building of the ancient of China.
At here, he will have a different experience from his country.
Nowadays, it's popular to live in a low-carbon life.
The reason is that the lifestyle can decrease the carbon's production.
It's a significant issue.
We should try our best to do it.
There are many ways to do.
For example, we can go to company or school by bus, by bike instead of by car.
It'll decrease much carbon's production, save much money and time.
Therefore, we should do it from our daily life.
Not only can it protect the environment, but also can keep our money.
Nowadays, we can hear many inconceivable and malignant things happened continually.
And we can find out many of these people who are in the highest flight, contributing to these things, are the young people.
Maybe the reason why there are many bad things is that these people can not receive better quality-oriented.
So, schools should pay more attention to enhancing students' quality such as filial piety, honesty and so on.
And only we all possess these good qualities can our society possess beauty and harmony, and the harmonious society will push the people forward to behaving superior to before.
Recently, many students find themselves frequently dizzy and lack of energy.
As we prepare for the exam, we should get both our mind and body ready.
Above all, a carefully designed revise timetable always help.
What's more, we should break the balance between study and rest by no means, even caught in hard work.
I've decided to have a picnic with several friends on this Saturday.
I want to invite you to join us.
We will set off from school by bike in June 6th and arrive at school at seven o'clock.
ready to take food which for the picnic.
The destination is Friendship Park.
and enjoy the beautiful scenery while eating.
After lunch we will have many activities.
For example we can play football on the lawn or play chess.
We also boating in the lake.
I sincerely hope that you can come.
According to a questionnaire on ways of obtaining information  , there are 72% of them tend to obtain information by watching TV, while people who read newspaper only take up 12%.
To begin with, the news in newspaper has insights into the current affairs, which the TV can not match.
As the saying goes: Every coin has two sides.
On one hand, e-book makes our life easier.
When I read this, I am also sad and sorrowful with the changes occurred around the river.
Now as if a man with strong will, thatamounts to your success in half, and then you can accomplish great mision.
So as the students nd so should we, have a strong will, study hard for people to become a national useful person in society.
Some people think that the school is the manufacture romantic place.
And most of the students like it very much.
In my opinion, for the student to say that this is a good thing because it can increase their imagination.
And it also can cause the school life to be more richly colorful.
But all matters have both advantageous and disadvantageous of the two sides.
I believed the majority student all like the romance in particular the girls.
Firstly, you feel homesick because you have lots of friends in the previous school, but few here.
I think you should take it easy and try to enjoy the new surroundings.
What's more, you must take an active part in class activities to get along with your classmates.
Secondly, you think because you are tall and fat, your new classmates always stay away from you.
In my opinion, you should be confident enough and like yourself for who you are.
You can also try to smile at your teachers and classmates.
Besides, it seems to have become a barrier in the communication with new classmates because you are poor in Chinese.
In fact, language is not the biggest problem.
You ought to be brave and try to communicate with new classmates actively.
I hope my tips can help you out.
He represents football better, so he always wins.
As is known to all, wenzhou is a wealthy city to live in.
Which is located in the eastward on the zhejiang province, the east part surrounded by the east China sea.
On weekends, people prefer to drive to play, rather than go on foot.
Scenery is within three hours by car.
Most of people agreed that the people whom come from wenzhou are have a gift for doing business.
With the rapid development of economy, Wenzhou has succeeded in attracting tourists from home and abroad, some of them settle down in wenzhou.
Your come from wenzhou will be highly appreciated.
College life just likes twinkle stars shining in my heart.
Generally speaking , we are supposed to have a good command of new skill in college.
So, I hope that I can try my best to learn it well and put it into practice freely.
In addition , as we all know, life without friends just like life without sunshine.
So, I am looking forward to sharing a pure friendship.
In the club , I have the chance to pursuit what I am longing for.
For instance , I will take part in the dancing club to satisfy my dancing dream .
However, pain and happiness are accompanied during the time.
I am afraid of the conflict between the working and my study.
And I am obsessed with fears of my ability .
Although, I often tell myself that my fitness for the job should not be questioned .
With the development of the society, especially the advanced technique, this brings enormous rubbish and makes dust and atmospheric moisture.
In connection with life trash, such as abandoned batteries, plastic sack and paper, we should make full use of them or recycling instead of throwing them everywhere.
In short, we have to spare no effort to protect the environment.
To love is to be human .
To need love is also to be human .
All of us in the world will love and to be love .
All of us has someone we love most .
She teaches what I can do and put all her energy on the family .
When I will went to college she help clean up every thing I need .
and told me to took care of myself .
Love of is like the moon .
when it close not increase it .
At our the fast development and informantionzation time, we have our own thinks.
Yes, we crave in the handset computer and so on the high tech.
We like in the network roaming through.
Occasionally also can indulge in the game.
Some people said 90 is the brain is remnant.
But more and more people think we are selfish and no sense of responsibility of the pronoun.
as our generation, we have many responsibilities but we just have tow hands so we have to take care of many people in one time.
In the social .
we have know only a litte about the interpersonal relationship and other social rules .
AS we know, the happiest thing is playing more and morn the important role in our daily life.
However, all coins has two sides.
First, the great chance has taken place to my hometown.
With the development of the city, my hometown will become more and more beautiful.
Second, with the teacher's help, my studies had great progress.
I think it is the best way to improve my study.
I believe that hard work, great progress is taking place to me, which happiest thing happened to me.
Third, my happiest that I have a good friend.
I had a friend when I was sad, he sad either.
Meanwhile, we have happiest each together.
It is my good friends, he always help me.
AS far as I can see, the happiest things is my life.
Such as, healthy, happy, friend and so on.
I am very glad to appreciate that some happiest things happened to me.
Only in this way, can I happy.
I was so happy.
A great change is now taking place in higher education, because more and more students can evaluate their taeachers'education, which can make the education effective improved.
Because they believe teachers can make a good condition for students to study and students should be asked establish a view of right and wrong.
As far as I can see, I think Students'Evaluation of Teachers is necessary.
I think it's a good measure to improve the education effectiveness.
For example, when students feel their grade are not become better, and they can give some advice to their teachers based on their questions from studying.
After that teachers should know the emphasis what they can give to the students.
Please stay.
We can find love everywhere, and it is pure and precious.
I also discover the wonderful love around me.
She is really a great and nice woman I think.
She loves me very much.
Every morning she gets up quietly and early to prepare breakfast for me.
I often feel the love from it.
She always gives me encouragement which helps me become better and makes me more confident.
Mother's love affects me.
While many people believe that in order to improve educational quality continuously, students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches, I doubt that.
Because the respect for teachers and discipline is pretty critical in class.
I don't suppose query teachers during the class is the effective way to improve educational quality.
Are their comments or criticism really meaningful .
The ideas and questions maybe the consequence of immature understanding of the theory that teacher try to demonstrate.
Moreover, the comments in class will suspend teacher's mentality which will be of no good for teachers to get back to their previous presentation.
I am glad to introduce my hometown to you.
I live in a city named X, which is located by the Yangtze River.
The scenery here is fasinating, and the history is very long.
I will take you climb the mountain of T, which is a well known for poet of Li Bai.
Also, I will show you around the museum in memory of M.
People today are living in a society with much faster pace than ever before.
Human beings always face many problems.
On the one hand, people produce severe pollution to nature.
We can not breath the fresh air and see the clean sky like before.
On the other hand, the society that we living now is jeopardize people's daily life.
We need a healthy life.
However, we facing a lot of questions.
First of all, we should use loe carbon electricity .
Then we should pay attention to save the natural resources and recycle them.
A friend of mine in response to a conversation we were having about the injustices of life .
Her question was a good one.
It reminded me of something I was taught as a young ster.
When I walked into the campus, I was conquered by the beauty of it.
At the same time, I met a girl who also likes the campus.
We took part in the sport meeting.
From then on, sport meeting became my favorite activity.
About my first teacher, she is Mr li.
She is very kind and wise.
My best friend is Lucy.
In the old days, I accepted too many concerns from seniors, and with time going by, I am not a freshman now.
I can understand their fear and nervousness.
At the moment, freshmen don't be afraid, firstly, you should face the strange environment with a new eye and adjust it as soon as possible.
Secondly, if you want to study better, you should combine your study with a necessary rest.
For example, you can take some parties or go to KTV with your classmates or friends.
Thirdly, when you play, don't take your study or work into consideration, just relax yourself.
For one thing, learning English is a great way in which we can get well prepared for the future.
As we all know, nowadays competition among college students to get a job is quite intense and English would have an advantage in the competition.
For another, English, now, is an international language.
It is used wildly all around the world and has something to do with our daily lives.
Nowadays, the rapid development of science and technology has brought about great changes to hum a life.
Firstly, science and technology has brought a lot of advantages to us .
conduct academic interaction.
And it makes people competent, helps people have efficiency to fulfill the work.
Secondly, it also causes some disadvantages.
For example, some.
electronic products charge too high, people can not afford.
Nowadays, people always chase of material, such as wealth, fame and so on.
But material can't replace some things.
In my opinion, we should read a lot of classics, the more classics you read, the more knowledge you get.
We read classics to get what we want.
Classics have always been our good friends indeed because they are constantly in need.
Read classics, this is a way to know more about the world.
The reason is that our knowledge is not enough, so we have to read a lot of classical that let us know more.
As a student, I must read a lot of classics, and we should love it, we should treat it correctly.
Nowadays, with many college students spending a lot of time indulging on the Internet, people are becoming increasingly aware of the significance of the Internet.
From my point of view, the Internet not only can provide convenience, but also can keep an intimate relationship with others.
So to say, the Internet doesn't isolate us from one another.
One of the primary causes is that the Internet can provide the latest information for us, so that we can know what have happened currently.
For instance, if we want to know some information, we just search online.
Another reason that can be seen by every person is that the Internet can make us keep close to our friends even though we live in different cities.
Taking into account of all these factors, we may draw the conclusion that the Internet can benefit us a lot if we take advantage of it reasonably.
It won't keep us away from the real world but keep close to each other.
Studying abroad for the vast number of middle school students of the boom, society has a different view.
First of all, the advantages of studying abroad is a good language environment , more conducive to llanguage learning.
Then, expanding their horizons, learning foreign advanced science and technology.
The most important thing is can strengthen the culture.
But there are other people have different views.
They think young lack of life experience selfcare ability is poor.
Nest, friends and family members don't feel lonely and homesick.
However, I have some different views.
These are both easy and can be a good way to learn Chinese.
Third, you can go to make a Chinese friend.
I was born in a small village, my mother and father are husbandman.
From the cartoon we can see, there are four persons sitting at the desk, they are holding a cell phone in the bow to play with the phone.
Today, with the development of high-technology, we can get approach to a great variety of high-tech products, such as computer, digital cameras and so on.
Our life have been changed by the high-tech, we lived in a fast-pace world.
Cell phone mold our life deeply.
Everyone owns it.
First, cell phone contains radioactivity which ached person's body.
Today, more and more people die of cancer, the main reason is that the high-tech products radiate their bodies, in the long run, the bodies get sick.
Cell phone is one of such products, it hurts our bodies as long as we practice it.
Second, cell phone distracts our attention about discovering the beauty of life.
We've had a discussion about whether many university students should be spent much money.
Most of the students are in favour of it.
Here are the reasons.
Firstly, improving the living standards consumption, also follow up.
Secondly, willing to spend money in improving their skills.
However, the other is strongly against it.
Their reasons are as follows.
In the first place, we all use our parents' money, also we won't make money.
What's more, this will form a peer, not conducive to healthy growth.
Personally speaking, we should take good money, saving worry for the parent.
Maybe as an English learner, We should find more and more good ways to learn our english well.
Enterest is our best teacher.
First of all, We have to remember lost of words .
It's the most importasnt step.
secondly , You ought to read english books and newspapers everday.
Then you can watch the english movies which is the fastest way that can help you lean quickly.
At last , If you have chance .
I think you should tallk with forengers.
To support our schooling, he works very hard and tries his best earning money.
My father goes to work in despite nasty weather.
Every night, he comes back home with exhaustion.
When I had studied at senior middle school, my father always came to my room to say some words to help me .
When I eat, he always looks at me quietly aside.
He never smokes in front of us.
Smoking has not only an effect on the body but also costs money .
As a student, I don't get into the habit of smoking.
We don't hurt ourselves by smoking.
Look at your surround, many teenagers who think the habit is fashionable closed with cigarettes.
However, if you obverse carefully, you will discover a phenomenon that person smoked has a cough, pneumonia or cancer.
Therefore, cigarettes are so poisonous that it kills its friends who always smoke.
Maybe, someone has pressure so that him/her smokes to lynx.
As far as I'm concerned, we don't smoke in order to our own health .
Life may be many things to many people.
Some may see it as money while others may view it as love.
My understanding of life is bound up with three major factors.
Firstly, life is so mysterious and wonderful that I can't wait to go on it.
Secondly, There are also many challenges .
I think we are improving ourselves step by step when overcoming the challenges.
Most of all, during this trip, there are a lot of temptations, such as love, money and so on.
But we can't stop.
We must insist on it.
Nowadays, what can we see is well-designed pastic bags in the shop, especially in boutique and supermarket .
Such as, when you buy a friend a birthday gift.
It must be well-packaging .
The giift will be packaging with a box, a colorful paper and a paper flower.
When you buy a moon cake, it could be package with two pastic bag, a paper a numenuVD and a pastic box.
On the one hand, the bosses want to draw customers attention to show and sell his goods.
As far as i can see, Packaging just a la-gout of different goods.
It cannot stand for quality.
When the goods are pruduted.
The quality cannot change any more.
What's more, excessive packaging is a waste of social resources.
If we want to stop this trend.
The goverment should launch a public education to let the public save resources.
In the meaning, if the action is to be practised, citizens of certain territory needed to be informed, for the sites of historical interest, as a matter of fact, are public asset.
With the remarkable improvement of people's living standard, the munber of people using cell phone is increasing.
In our daily life, cell phone not only bring us convenient and efficient, but also entertainment.
Some people think that the modern people spend much time on palying cell phone which causes barrier between people.
As far as I'm concerned, we should turn off our cell phone.
Although cell phone can bring entertainment, it aslo are able to hurt our bodies, because using cell phone for a long time will produces radiation which is harmful to our heathy.
X is my family name.
My father and my mother like music extremely.
In China, people with a  gong    shang    jue    zhi    yu  to name, the temperament.
Intitule five sounds  .
  6  in the Cuiness Symbol of harmony, smooth, and good luck.
Today we have become university students, so we are faced with a question , whether academic performance is more important than communication.
Some students think that academic performonce is more important.
However, some people have the opinion which is that communication ability is more important.
In their mind, university students should have the ability to adjust to the society.
As far as i'm concerned, we are required to make the balance between academic performance and communication ability.
In one hand, we need academic knowledge to develop ourselves.
In the other hand , we should learn how to communication with others as well.
Only own both two abilities can we develop our future.
As we can see from the vivid picture, many children are listening to their teacher.
In their minds, these kind of stuff is useless for them to find a job.
Today, this phenomenon maybe common for us to see, some people pay their attention to high-level field and ignore some basic skills.
But when indeed go to the job market one day, they will find the requirements from some companies are far more higher than their abilities, and the competition is extremely fierce, which make them under the big pressure.
It's a virtue for one to aim high, but the achievement lies in your own ability and your own diligence.
With a proverb going like this, without small streams, there would be no oceans.
When I was a twelve-year-old boy, I when to The Great Wall with my father.
When we got there, I see the sky was very blue, the air was very fresh, and the mountain went around we.
This The Great Wall is the Steepest one.
We climbed The Great Wall until the forth Beacon tower.
The environment around me was very beautiful, so we stoped to have a relax and eat some bread, and we took a lot of photo.
Recently a spotlight shone on entertainment celebrities' private lives.
Showbiz stars abusing drugs and soliciting prostitutes were meted out harsh punishment.
They were sentenced, meanwhile, and were suspended from public viewing.
Firstly, everyone has mistake.
We don't think the person who is a celebrity can be treat different from ordinary person.
The ultimate goal is not to punish the wrongdoers but to make sure they don't repeat their offenses.
It's too harsh to have their careers abruptly terminated.
Secondly, celebrities who have made mistakes could play a positive role in educating the public not to make the same mistakes.
Thirdly, they don't need to suffer additional punishment.
In conclusion, to a showbiz star, having their works suspended indefinitely from public viewing is as good as a death sentence for their carees.
People who propose the same punishments for each type of crime have their sound reasons.
Furthermore, Justice could do decision with their personal emotion result from an unclear standard in constitution existing.
Without fixed punishments for each type of crime, it is hard for judge to make a decision in court.
Moreover, many lawyers equipped high professional knowledge could distort the thing which their employers did actually.
If that is the case, wealthy people have priority to escape the punishment.
It is unfair obviously because needy people cannot afford the cost of recruiting a attorney.
Yet many people who are against to this propose insist their viewpoint.
Constitution, according to their opinion, is to protect the rights and freedom of human.
And that is the reason why it remains for centuries.
Therefore, punishments should base on individual conditions.
As a illustration, a female student killed a man when the man wanted to rape her.
As for me, I tend to support the latter opinion because the function of constitution is to protect rights of people and to make our life more beautiful.
We set out at 9:00 am, and returned at 3:00pm.
went to our destination on feet.
Durning this way, we ran, chatted and sang songs.
When we returned to our dormitory, we were so tired that could not get up until the second day's noon.
Through this activity, we had a better chance to understand each other.
And it was helpful for our friendship.
Even we would have contradictions in our daily life, we could solve them by ourselves.
He was always full of dissatisfaction to our modern world, even when he was in the prison.
Finally, Kaczynski's brother found out the clue and he made the decision to take his concerns to FBI.
Kaczynski complain that the prosecutors had distorted his motive and beliefs.
People always believe that silence is gold, and an idiom also says this sentence.
So, many people often keep silence in the meetings, classes and so on.
But nowadays, I consider that this thought is not very suitable.
  I totally agree with the speaker, because I think that you must take the initiative to catch the opportunity, or others may take it away.
So, keeping silence is not a wise way in this world.
Therefore, silence is not always gold.
listening skills , the more importanct.
Failure is a common thing and not a stranger to life.
  I can't stand the competition and failure  , which many people said that find excuses for myself.
As a matter of fact, no person succeeds all the time.
As a coin has two sides.
People have different attitudes towards failure.
On the one hand, people are afraid of failure that they can not bear the blow and try not best to make progress to succeed.
At the same time, they are afraid that the failure of work will rob them of happiness and do them harmfulness both the physically and mentally-it called  pessimism  .
In my opinion, we aren't afraid of failure.
In fact, unless it gets out of control, and to give purpose and make significance to an otherwise meaningless, idle life.
When people meet failure tends to express their full range of potential, which aim of our life.
What's more, failure is a natural part of everyday life and there is no way to avoid it.
What we can do to develop our adaptive abilities to deal with it rather than escape from it.
In other words, it is important that remember the proverb, where there is a will, there is a way.
In our school, there are various kinds of sports and cultural study clubs that students may join.
Students are free to choose the clubs they are particularly interested in.
For example, I like dance very much, so I take part in the dance club.
Over there I can build my body and free myself from the heavy work of study.
And at the same time I can also make some new friends who have the same interest with me.
In addition, I join the English corner.
We always watch some interesting English movies together in the free time.
Here I have some suggestions about how to choose the activites.
First, you'd better choose the activities which interest you and suit you.
As we know, since we achieve the great development in the domain of food productivity, many countries have got rid of famine.
The food is ample, however, the knowledge of healthy diet is in a terribly shortage.
For the first time, we have the freedom to choose what we eat, or how many we eat.
As far as I am concerned, to solve this problem, first of all, it is quiet a necessity for us to learn more about healthy diet.
To have some better dietary habits and have a better diet structure can improve our healthy condition.
Nowadays more and more young people leave their parents, their homes to work for their own jobs.
The mobile phones offer us so many convenient.
For example, it is easy for us to contect with our parents and friends by using mobile phone.
It also can give us more fun.
But there is also some disadvantages.
Second, after using the ppt during the class, it also can make the students don't pay attentions to the class.
As a senior high school students, I think it is necessary for us to use mobile phones.
It not only can build the friendship between students, but also can let us know more knowledges beyond the class.
In my opinion, we should use mobile phone temperatly.
We can't let it do bad for our study.
We suppose to use it make our study more efficient.
In the other way, we shouldn't use it for long time, because it is bad for our health.
About 7 o'clock, the colour of sky deepened, and west street has become lively.
When we went to a pub there are many western people and they told us there is a party  and warmly invite us to joined in their party and we dance and laugh.
Nowadays environmental pollution is one of the most serious problem.
The environmental pollution are bring many social issues, one of the gradually significant issues is global climate warming, the decrease in the number of animals and desertization.
On account of the economy growth many factories is being seting, private cars are becoming normally.
His outward appearance is stout and cold.
Besides, we also make resolution for the New Year, such as I will help more at home and make progress at school.
She is a girl with bright big eyes.
Her hair is jet-blacked and straight.
She is tall and fairskinned.
She has a very pleasant smile and she always has a twinkle in her eye.
When she laughs, we see her even teeth.
I Still remembered that one day I felt very upset.
Because I didn't pass my math exam.
I just sitted in the classroom with tears in my eyes.
At that time, Mary came into the classroom.
She sittd next to me quitely.
Just hold my hands, and told me that she would always be there.
Her hands and words let me felt a warmth from within .
I opened my mouth and also my heart to her.
I told her that I didn't know why I couldn't understand what the teacher were saying.
When I was at my math class , I felt I went into the wrong classroom.
What really despairs me was others' ridicule.
Mary said to me it just was a small failure, I should take it easy and cheer up.
What's more, form that day she helped me with my math every day.
Regardless of wind and rain, she never give up.
I feel so lucky to have a friend like Mary.
In recent day, there are mary merchandise which packaging is excessive in the supermarket.
Especially in some traditional festivals like Mid-autumn Festival that need mooncake.
As we can see, it is widespread in the marker the moon-cake packaging in variety of delicate wrapping paper.
Maybe it has two reasons to illustrate these phenomena from the development of society.
To begin with, it satisfied the requirement of people who prefer to give others a presents showing their enthusiasm.
In my eyes, the excessive package is inadvisable, because it unfriendly in the environment after open the package.
It is unnecessary to show a delicate appearance for a while then wasting lot of wrapper which more expensive.
I've already grown up.
You are still a brat.
I want to learn to play guitar.
  Well.
I have to tell you I will stick to my own choice, no matter what other people say.
  My God.
Graduatiao for us, is no longer far away.
As the saying goes everything has to sides, just like a coin.
For example, solo and fizz there can size the same, but we can see that solo much higher that fizz.
The solo's sugar content is lower than fizz.
Except the solo's target market compare with fizz.
Solo has the most popular people, because it face all people who are keen on sport and the fizz face teenagers.
In main outlet the solo outlet has a niche market only to select supermarkets Health-food shops, but the fizz face with all supermarkets.
sales volume slower than solo.
I would like to introduce my classmate Huang Yunxia.
She comes from ShanDong province.
She was born in YanTai and grew up at that beautiful city.
There are three people in her family and both her father and mother are loved her.
So happiness they are.
When she was a student in high school.
She was working hard in English so that she always got good grades.
Unusually, her math is also very well.
In her spare time, she has many hobbies such as chat with friends ore swim at the pool.
Now Huang Yunxia has become a student in USU and thinking about to get the Master's degree.
Along with the development of society are faster pace, due to all kinds of social facors, times require us constantly learning progress.
The idea of intent is good, but at the same time, lead to some unreasonable policies come up, for example, exam-oriented education college entrance examination policy.
I do not think this is a good phenomenon, If you don't take this issue seriously words, it is very likely to influence your own future development.
So we must take the problem seriously, first we must have a positive attitude, we must have a single heart longing for the future.
In the picture, there is an old woman sitting in front of the mirror.
No one accompany her and she is so lonely that only one thing she can do is looking at herself on the mirror.
In the picture, the woman also said:  Only one person at home without my children's accompany make me feel a little lonely.
Actually, this is the universal phenomenon in today's society.
As the economy developing, every younger wants to earn more money so they all want to work in the developed city, which leaves the older at home.
As far as I am concerned, parents are the most important people in our life wherever we go.
abandon them in order to chase the success.
No matter how busy we are, we should spend more time accompanying them.
Everybody's life is too short to imagine, so don't make yourself regret.
As a cultural-exchange envoy, I'm here in China now, living with my Chinese friend.
Things have been going great.
I've met many Chinese teenagers.
Everyone is so friendly that makes me feel like at home.
Through these days, I've been studying with my Chinese friends and doing sports together.
I visited places of interests in Beijing and watched Peking Opera.
From those I learnt a little about Chinese history.
I've always been curious about it.
I also tried Chinese food.
Here in China, we are celebrating the Spring Festival, which is reguarded the most important festival by Chinese people.
I've fallen in love with life in China.
It is such an incredible expeience that I wish you can be here.
Now.more and more younger people even elder aults are love to shopping online, online shopping becoming a fashion.
some people think shopping online is a good way to shopping, because online shopping is ont only save time and energy but the selection of goods more.
in my opint, i think online shopping is a good way to shopping.
Previously only feel that AIDS is very terrible .
you.
this heart torture is more terrible.
A new system for the English subject in college entrance examination is going to be on trail, which enables students to choose when and how many times should we enter for it by ourselves.
When it comes to college entrance examination in China, most of us come up with the concept of'One exam, the whole life'.
No doubt, the most important exam in us students' lifetime leads to nothing but enormous stress.
Once we fail to achieve a good mark, we will never have the chance again to enter the ideal college.
In other words, our future may be ruined.
However, if we can take the exam more than once and choose the best result as our final score, we may release the heavy burden.
One's listening comprehension and speaking ability grow by practice, the old say  Practice makes prefect  .
It is trusted to be a truth.
Acorrding to some authoritative reports.
Listening to English tapes, news and movies is one of the most helpful ways to improve listening skills effectively.
And this rule is also applied to thriving the speaking.
In my opinion, practicing is the basis to do everything well.
Hearing one BBC broadcast every day.
Talking with partners in English on a daily basis.
In my view, like designing a project, scaning and printing is necessary.
They two make a project complete.
So it pays to make English situations with colleagues regularly.
Find a fellow and impart with her every day.
After finishing these, if I have free time, then watch an English movie or TV program.
Each program must be seen three times.
The first time, watch it as usual; The second time, see the film in both Chinese and English sub-stitle.
Look up the new words in a dictionary.
Learning English is like building a house.
Laying a strong foundation is the first and the most important step.
In other words, you should read and speak every day.
So, don't be impatient.
Take some time to learn English every day.
Remember: Rome wasn't built in a day.
  We will never parley, we will never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang.
We shall fight him by land, we shall fight him by sea, we shall fight him in the air.
until.
with God's help we have rid the earth of his shadow and liberated its people from his yoke.
At the end of his speech, he appealed to all friends in the world to support Soviet Union and defend the Germans.
This speech made very forceful repercussion in society and even in the whole world.
He got the supports of English and many patriots who love peace in the world.
There is a lot of love around me.
For example, my mother always cooks for me.
When I get love from them, I always feel happy and thankful.
And I think I should do something to show my love.
Recently, Numbers of Ameirican captical and private equity are growing to set up shops in Europe where offers interesting, albeit challenging and opportunities to companies outside silicon valley.
Most of the Americans venture capitals are carefully targeting their investment in European market.
As the number of global companies emerging in Europe , we can see the future trend of VCs is quite promising and clear.
Spring Festival is a very traditional Chinese festival.
Some people say it is a combination of Thanksgiving, Christmas and the new year in western countries.
China's Spring Festival from the lunar New Year began, lasted for fifteen days.
During the Spring Festival, every family's main colors are red, because red represents happiness.
All the family members usually unite at home and enjoy all kinds of delicious food and the warmth of home.
However, the teacher encourages him that Just think of it as if you are reading a long text-message.
Second, as a saying goes  Reading a good book is just like talking to an honorable person.
Some issues are very fierce.
On one hand , cities become crowded so that traffic tie up and influence people normal lives.
On another hand, the house is another embarrassed problem.
Because so many peole in the cities, the price of houses is increased day by day , which make people have no money to buy the house increatly.
In my opinior, firstly, people should observe the rules which lives in cities.
We cannot live without technology.
So, it's necessary to develop modern technology.
In my opinion, to us the impersonality of electronic communication has little or no relation to the significance of the matter at hand, we still have right to communicate face to face.
Of course, as long as we have enough time to communicate, there is nothing trouble for us to choose our lifestyle.
What amazing us is that we can enjoy complex life as well as simple and easy life for one time.
What's more, we are supposed to have knowledge of the advantages which modern technology had taken for us.
To put in a nutshell, I disagree the view that we give up using modern technology.
On the contrary, I hope we can use it as much as possible.
My first memory of school is silence, because there was only grade 10 students in school at that moment.
My first teacher, Ms Liu is very friendly and enthusiastic.
She introduced everything of the school to us.
And the girl seated in front of me was my first friend.
At first, I thought she was a little shy.
It's the experience that teaches me the old saying 'The early bird catches the worm.
It happened in my junior high school where I knew nobody from the start and didn't do well in the final exam.
Not only my teachers but also my parents were worried about me, and so did I.
It was at that time that I felt at a loss.
Thanks to my decimate, he seemed to have sensed my difficulties.
He told me a story about a person who learnt to play chess.
He had poor talent but he wasn't afraid of difficulties and practised much harder than anyone else and eventually he reached his goal.
There is no shortcut to success.
College life is a brand-new beginning of all the freshmen .
Nowday, more and more people take civil service exams want become government employees.
Most of people think the civil servanth have paid well and imporant a point reason with it every steady.
I think that this phenomenon is correct.
In our country with a large population, such phenomena as normal.
Not only such, such a good job of civil servants is good in today's competitive society.
As college students we, no matter whether you go to take an examination of civil service should be to decide on their own future struggle.
In a word, where there is a will there is a way.
I am very happy for you letter.
Spring Festival is a traditional Festival in China.
It Is often in Match.
On the eve of the festival, we bought lots of delicious food.
We will make a traditional chinese food.
It names Is dumpling.
I realy like It.
In Spring Festival we eat dinner tought, and then we see Spring Festival Gala.
Then we sleep in In twelve o'clock.
In Spring Festival we can have lots of lucky money that's a fantastic thing.
In my opinion .
Because English is an International lanuage, At the same time , Learning Enlish we can increase the ability of writing , On the one hand , We begin to studying from we are young , So can study very happy .
On the other hand , We study English can improve the ability of what we are talking about the people who comes from abroad .
many years later .
I lived on the side of the road and there was a big tree that had a swing .
I was used to playing on the swing by myself nightly .
Once I tried to catch them , but they flew away .
Children enjoy blowing bubbles and I was not exception .
We frothed up the soap mixture and then blew the colourful bubbles.
The bubbles would flew away with the wind and we could raced after them until they broke .
Once I recall the technicolor childhood memories , smile would come to my faces secretly .
As a child , I learnt everything with happiness and interest .
In our life, everywhere can see the pursuit of figure.
Young students tend to like the pursuit of new in order to be different, likes to think of himself than others is a ''high'', So they often buy some brand-name clothing to dress themselves, to meet their own competition mentality.
In the 21st century today, All over the world in pursuit of fashion.
But now the media and so developed, the students psychology of imitation strong.
So, with the pursuit of psychological treatment is right, wrong is not the ability to control.
Today, my roommate and I were staying in the room.
He was a fan of football match, so he turned on the computer and watched a football match.
At that time, I was going over lessons.
But he was watching and cheering for his favorite team.
The match sound and his voice was getting bigger and bigger.
The noise influenced me, so i didn't go over the lessons.
The noise made me so angry.
So I told him to turn down the sound and keep the voice down.
There is a great man in china, his name is Mao zedong.
Mao zedong's hometown is Hunan Shaoshan, born in 1893, he had a harbor great ambitions, finally in 1949 established the new china, became the leader of the people's Republic of china.
  magazine named him one of the 100 most influential twentieth Century.
He is a Chinese pride.
With the culture develops.
The TV Program become more and more colourful.
However, my favorite TV Program is the news.
There are a few points that are worth mentioning.
Firstly, it covers news about important events both at home and abroad.
Secondly, it broadcast in the evening, people can use their spare time watching the news.
Thirdly, the news it provides is timely and reliable.
Watching the news, it not only open our horizon, but also improve our knowledge.
Therefore, it is important for me to watch the news.
What's more, it is very useful and helpful for my life.
Besides, we can realize the foreign information by watching the news.
All in all, the news is my favorite TV Program.
On the first day we were born, my parents will give us the name.
The name is one of our logo.
Our name ofen represent our parents a expect of us.
Name is our life in the future study.
Name can bring us apart from the others.
After the name, The name is a lifetime together with us.
Names can also be associated with the quality of the people.
Wei said some great meaning.
I quite like my own name.
Name is only two words.
short and concise.
After the good name my parents gave me my name and my life is tied together.
She gives me a special meaning.
I don't want to change my name, my name in a certain sense to represent me.
An important feature of she belongs to me.
I hope chinese can know more about different kinds of architectures that including easterns' and westerns'.
As we all know, if you want to creat someting that can make people paid more attention on your architecture, you must have an open mind on the architectures all over the world.
So I advise you appreciate various kinds of architectures.
It came in the middle of February.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, my father and I pasted the red antithetical Spring Festival couplets on our doors.
The family got together for the sumptuous dinner.
It is jiaozi that I'm fond of eating the most.
Microblog becomes more and more popular these days.
The youth loves to stay connected and microblog is just another way for us to stay in touch.
And our friends can know our recent conditions soon after we release microblogs and give us opinions or leave us messages.
You can also use cell phone to connect to the microblog.
There is a kind of people who is always worried about things going to be bad or be a failure .
they are unconfident .
in a word .
Pessimise would get mang disadvantages of pessimism .
Fristly.
it makes themself unhappy .
Because they don't believe hope and success.
second.
They would get rid of the courage of overcomeing the difficulties .
So it's hard to be be excellent and it will be a ricious spiral .
thirdly.
due to unconfident.
they would not believe others gradually.
if you are pessimise.
On one hand.
you should make friend with positive people and learn their optimistic .
On the other .
you should do something to make youself to approve self.
For example.
you could try to help others.
it make you feel you are useful .
You also could travel.
it makes you more love life.
if you do it .
Switzerland covers 41 thousand square kilometers land , filled with wonderful scene and fantastic creatures.
there are 7 million and 5 hundred thousand people live in here.
It's capital is Berne, but the most famous city is Geneva, which has many international organizations.
That is why some people think Geneva is a independ country.
Switzerland has four neighbours.
Switzerland is famous around the world as the World Garden because of the beautiful scene.
In his childhood, hunger is a difficult problem in Chinese.
So, finding a way to get rid of hunger is his dream.
In 1947.
He became the first agricultural expert about high output of rice planting in the world.
According to his research, the grain output expands from4*10^7 to2*10^12 tons.
It's mean that China use just 7%of the farmland fed 22% of the world's people.
Yuan Longping is now circulating his knowledge in many other less developed countries.
Yuan Longping is satisfied with his left.
And he doesn't care about being famous or wealth.
I am Li Hua, and is a Chinese student study abroad in London.
I want to tell you about my require to the host family.
First house must very comfortable and broad.
And the house be located downtown, advantage in transports just can go to places very fast and convenient.
Then the master can speak fluently English.
Above all the master approach paople enthusiastic, merely and mild.
Nowadays, many college students are facing a problem: on one hand, they want to achieve academic excellence.
On the other hand, they are eager to earn some money or learn about society by working.
However, it is not easy to combine this two things well all the time.
Firstly, working results in little time for studying.
As a college student, I have a better understanding of this problem through my own experience.
When I was a freshman, I took a part-time job out of the desire to increase my pocket money.
The more time I spent on work, the less time I had in studying.
Sometimes I even left my assignments undone.
Secondly, college students tend to have little time for enjoying social side of college once they let study take up a lot of their time.
Thirdly, we will have no time for personal pleasures.
With work and study filling up the schedule, we will have no time for our favorite TV shows and other entertainments.
Based on those problems mentioned above, we can safely draw the conclusion that it is high time that we should make a better arrangement to balance work and college.
On the one hand, some people hold the view that they should take their effort to be superior to others.
On the other hand, a great many people insist that being superior to their former self is more valuable.
From my perspective, the sense of competition is necessary, but the sense of being a better self is more meaningful.
Just as the saying goes There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man, true nobility is being superior to your former self.
It was summer at that time, my parents decided to take me to the beach.
We went there by train and I saw lots of beautiful scenery on the train.
My parents was awimming at there but I don't like swimming.
So I stay at beach and enjoy the sun.
We ate lots of fish and I like eating fishi very much.
When I was fourteen, I have witnessed a traffic accident that two people was dead.
In the sunny day, when I went to the shopping, I saw two cars on the road.
It was a large damage in the front of the car and the other's damage in the middle of the car.
The reason for this accident is a driver disobey traffic rules.
He can't stop when red light tell him to stop.
Finally, I know we must obey the traffic rules.
Hi Mark, my name is L.
I am the representative of our school.
I want to form three aspects to open this activity.
firstly, cooking culture.
Form now on, delecious food is very attractive people.
There is no doupt that traditional food can show our culture.
Secondly, secondary school education.
Different school have different teaching method.
We can communicate and learn each oter.
Thirdly, language learning experience.
Needless to say, we have different language.
I support the idea that we can learn language each other.
This is my idea.
In my opinion, this Cross-cultural communication project will succeed.
He jailed the Joker behind bar and tackled the penguin .
We hold this match holding out the hope of improving students' listening and speaking skills.
I suggest that you should make adequate prepare before the competition, on account of the standard of reviewing is very strict.
You are required to make a emotional introduce of your favorite novel, and give your argument.
Besides, it would be best that your speech time can be controlled at the limit of 5 minutes.
Along with healthy life, the wealth plays an important role in our life.
With the help of money, we can do a lot of things that we can enjoy our life and be away from social pressure , that we can eat many diversities of delicious green food, that we can also go on a health checkup once a month and find problems in time .
If we don't have money , others will be probably to look down on us.
However, happiness doesn't always go with money.
we can't buy health with wealth.
Aroud our life, we can meet with many people who have much money, but they aren't happy.
they're worried about their work and stay up to late for work.
As the time passed away, we can't see happiness from their faces.
In my opinion, every coin has two sides.
One side, weath can bring us many befits and we can experience many thing that we are unkown before.
For the other side , it can also result in criminal crime, physical health and so on.
I went to Beijing with my parents.
We had a good trip there.
We went to there by car.
With a long wait, Miss Yao said the sentence I never forget,  I believe her, she is an honest girl.
Most of the teacher thinks it is an important activity in college students life.
Anyway, no matter what we do, I think we should pay attention to something we don't know.
It's necessary to alert to strangers.
he is a lovely bear.
he likes having jam best.
Also, he is smart and honourous.
This film tell us a story about something happened in London that role is a bear who is rare in the world.
i think this is a good work.
After ten years, I will be 27 years old.
I will be a teacher in a senior high school.
My students are quite clever and active.
Instead, in the holidays , l like to wear more casually.
l will do a great deal of exercise to keep fit.
Inll a word, after ten years, l will lead a much richer and more wonderful life.
There have new teachers, new classmates and fresh friends are around me.
I've felt their friendship, wide knwledge and opening mind.
Someone will fell that college life is boring.
As we all know that Forrest Gump is a disabled boy and his intelligence is lower than his peers.
He was often made fun of people when he was a young boy.
Different with those people who laugh at him, his mother use her smart heart and optimistic mind gives his a deal of positive energy.
Now, we are entering a new area which fulls of opportunities and innovation.
One the one hand, to the extent, we will meet a lot of difficulties.
Such as the nature of disaster and the pressure of work.
But everyone is special, where there is a try, there is a hope to fight with the difficulties .
Just like Forrest Gump, although his body is defective , he is still strong alive in his mother's encouragement.
As a result he becomes a successful man.
So I think we should learn from him.
One the other hand, disability discrimination phenomenon becomes more and more serious.
Just like the headmater, he does not want to receive Forrest Gump because he think he is a diasability boy.
All in all.
My name is P.
I'm from X, and now in the class 14.
I am pretty outgoing and active.
If you want to be friends with me, I would be happy to.
Also, I have so many hobbies, such as playing basketball, table tennis and badminton.
If we are friends, we can play these together.
I pretty like English all the time when I was in middle school, although I was not good at it.
But I would be hard to study it.
I have got two English classes in this school up to now.
I really like this atmosphere.
I am very happy to meet my foreign friend who is going to visit my nation.
Recently, numerous students treat on their homework.
They surf on the internet and download something that can help them finish the paper.
Some people claim that there are a number of virtues entailed in copying the answer.
For example, students do not have to travel to and fro on a daily basis instead, they can devote their traveling time to play games, shopping on line, chat with other people and so on.
As pupils we, must understand it is easy to be dishnest and deceive other people but it is much harder to one's self.
One reason why I, personally, do not advocate cheating is that I would lose my sense of self-respect.
I think my college English teacher should be wise.
This is my first time away from home, alone in the face of this winter.
When I confront the coming winter I feel lonely.
Before winter comes, I think about my hometown, the golden rice fields, fruit crop and flying all over the sky leaves.
I remember, grandma in the sun shadow, Grandpa and his tobacco pouch.
I think about my friends, think about the time we spent together, and those whom picked up fruit.
In this city, a lot of old houses stand in the winter.
The first field study will cover them, make this world a painted white.
In my hometown, the sown is our friends.
So we like snow, because it represents hope and harvest.
The winters coming, the first sown coming.
Library is a place for us to study quietly.
If you don't make any noise no matter what you want to do, it's fine.
With the development of science, Mobile phones come to everyone's daily life.
But We can set the phone to silent to avoid disturbing other students.
It's never too late to learn .
My best friend, I am very happy that you can ome China to visit my hometown.
the sky is blue.
My uncle manage this place.
It's more convenient for us to read books .
Many people like read e-book because it has many advantages than tradition book .
Traditional books are required to type on papers .
At the same time , e-books are more easily carried from one place to other and it can keep more time than traditional book .
Some people like traditional books and don't like read e-books .
In my opinion , e-books are have many advantage for us , When we need to search articles , it will provide convenient resources .
But in most cases , I prefer to read books because I was used to reading traditional books .
Nowadays, E-book has become more and more popular with us.
That's the value of books.
With the development of the society, our life is getting better.
However, like the coin has two sides.
It is well acknowledged that it can affect our health.
Therfore, air pollution is an essential issue that must be solved.
In my personal perspective, people are supposed to use feet or bicycles instead of cars.
As we all know, it is benificial to the air quality.
What is more, less driving cars can reduce the cost of the gasoline and the repairs.
In addition, people are in the stress of the work.
walking is a good method to reduce their pressure.
However, like the old saying goes, \  it is easier said than done\  .
It is tough for most people to do that.
They drive cars only 5 minutes walk.
With society developing, helping strangers that used to be considered as a virtue are ignored by people nowadays.
Facing this circumstance, we should rethink ourselves.
Although era is in progress, some persons utilize the kindness of people to gain profits improperly.
Therefore, most people gradually believe that helping strangers probably can let them be in trouble.
However, this is the behavior of tiny minority people.
Moreover, they are at the mercy of other bad guys.
They are unwilling to work on what they are forced to do.
Sometimes we ought to sympathize with them.
When thinking like this, even if you are doubting whether you should help them or not, you will lend a helping hand to them.
In my opinion, people thinking of themselves more than others may be the reason why there is a lack of trust.
Meanwhile, because of this one, people are suspicious with each other.
Slowly, love and being friendly are replaced by indifference and selfishness.
Most important, helping each other is a traditional virtue of China.
It is high time for us that improved our awareness of being an accommodating person.
My hometown Maanshan is a beautiful place.
It lies in the south of Anhuu Province.
The famous industry of my hometown is steel industry.
So, the first place I want to belt you visit is Maanshan Iron and Steel Co.
This company is famous for its iron and steel technology.
Because of this reason, my hometown is rich.
And it is also the symbol of Maanshan.
Then, the place I want to take you to is CaiShiji park which is a well-known view spot.
And there are many beautiful views in this park.
The famous poet LiBai wrote a lot of poems when he live in here.
My hometown is very clean.
And its also win the title of National Hygienic City.
At last, I want to tell you that Maanshan is developing very quickly and people here are friendly.
And it is a nice place to live in.
People like beautiful, happiness, health and safe.
But not everybody can take it.
There are a lot of ways to keeping fit, such as sporting.
Yoga.
What the world is what do you think.
What you would be is what do you think even your body.
Human are the kids of earth.
The earth is the kid of the universe.
If the earth run the way, it will be safe.
The universe has her way.
Everybody can learn it.
Because it's exist in your own body, in your own mind and in your own heart.
When you be patient and silent, the sound will be louder and you'll get it easily.
So, The way is a philosophy.
In my words, the philosophy is: Be calm when you succeed, be cool when you fail.
That's my way of keeping fit.
Nowadays, low-carbon life has been popular with people.
Meanwhile, low-carbon lifestyle has been a focus which people be concerned with.
With the development of our economic, more and more factories are built which pour polluted gas and water into the environment.
That makes the environment polluted, which has a bad effect on human .
Every big thing comes from the subtle.
Firstly, we should use fewer plastic bags to reduce white pollution.
Secondly, we should turn off the lights the moment we leave the rooms.
Recently, an increased number of people choose the internet to do some shopping.
There is no doubt that it is much more convenient .
The details will be announced on the web.
That will include all details you want to know .
So you can imagine it basing on the description of it , what you see is almost a completed thing.
If you decide to buy it , Just import your address and your phone number , and then the seller will post things what you buy to you .
But online shopping still has some shortages.
After all you can't see the true thing, maybe you will not be satisfied with its color, size, or shape .
And there many sellers deceive customers.
In fact, they will give you nothing .
In a word, online shopping is a fashion in these years , but we should use it in a right way .
As is vividly shown in the picture, it is universally accepted regarded that nowadays the phenomena of excessive usage of electronic communication are prevailing in our society.
There are several causes of excessive usage of electronic communication.
Initially, as electronic communication is not limited by space.
Where there is Internet, there is convenience.
Some times she talks with me.
It is located in central Europe .
I'm L.
I plan to accompany old people in the Double Ninth Festival with classmates, at weekends.
We prepared many wonderful exercises the old people like.
If we were to sing and song, they would happy.
And in the afternoon, we will make dumpling for old people.
In conclusion, that's the first time that we have gone to the nursing house.
Time on Saturday,8:00am to 4:00pm.
The life which is lack of love is miserable.
Fortunately, I lead a pleasant life which is filled with love.
I understand that my mother loves me deeply after I see she cook nice food every day to keep me healthy.
She always thinks of me more than herself.
I am moved by my mother's love .
In order to show my love which is from the bottom of my heart, I try to satisfy her with my high marks .
As soon as I notice her lying in bed with pale look , I know she is ill.
Immediately, I bring pills and water to her anxiously .
I believe , she knows I love her.
Maybe someone often say there is no love in their life.
An old saying goes: Interest is the best teacher.
I think everyone should have his own interests.
Nowadays, the problem that the students pay less attention to spelling in english learning is concerned in public.
For one thing that the students are very lazy.
They don't want to write everything even the test.
For another some students pay more attention to reading and listening.
However, they ignore writing.
writing is also a significant way in english learning.
Moreover, the age of information has improved in this society.
Computer is very flexible and automatic.
It doesn't need us to write.
It can be modify in automatic way.
Various measures should be taken to handle the problem.
For instance, we can encourage them when they don't want to write or they are lazy.
Spelling is also important for english learning, If we have mistakes in spelling, we are wasting of time.
we spell words equal to we remember it again.
There is no doubt that living with roommates is reasonable.
First, the college students should learn to communicate with others well.
So talking with roommates is the foundation.
For example, it is cool for you to surf the Internet with your roommates until the lights are turned off.
Also, when you are in trouble in the study or in life, your roommates may help you to overcome difficulties.
However, some students consider everyone should live in only one room.
For it is living alone that will enable people to do what they really intend to do.
Of course, like anything else, it has its errors.
In this way, students may feel desolate.
In my opinion, college students should live with roommates.
For the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages.
College students must live in the society instead of only studying.
For after school life , I will take an active part in activities organized by the school club activities, improve my various aspects ability.
How with teacher .
I am Z, the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.
Nowadays, English writing becomes more and more important in examinations.
Topics of English writing are more difficult for students to design the content.
According to three English examinations taken recently, we found some problems among English writings by our students.
A leading problem is grammar mistake.
Most of students lost mark on this.
I know that you are the expert in this field.
So I sincerely invite you to teach our students in terms of solving the writing problems.
Nowadays, with the development of the economy, more and more people can live in a rich life.
And many parents would like their children to have a better education so that they will have a good job in the future.
They think the education of overseas is better than that of China's, so they prefer to send their children to study abroad rather than let them study in China.
The question is coming.
I'm sure there are many different kinds of answers.
On the one hand, many people think it's good.
First, for example, many people send their children to study in the U.
The ways of getting knowledge in the U.
S have a great difference from that in China.
Compared with China, the American schools give students the room of imagine and pracitice to let them have the creativity of study.
Secondly, they can open their eyes and broden their views by studying abroad.
As we all know, different countries have their own local culture.
By studying abroad, they can get more knowledge that we can't get in China.
And we can also learn the second language such as the local English.
I think it's helpful for children to get a job in the future.
On the other hand, some people don't think it's good for children to study abroad.
Many parents love their children very much and they wouldn't like to leave their children to study alone.
Everyone is stranger and they must try their best to adapt to the new school earlier.
It's bevelied that the children who are sent to study abroad fell lonely when the holidays come and they'll miss their family more often.
Everything has two hands.
But as far as I am concerned, I think it's good for childern to study abroad.
There are many advantages.
Facing different challenges, I think it's a good exercise for us.
Studying abroad is a good experience in one's life.
And we can get more knowledge, learn more different cultures among different countries and make more friends.
We are born until the end of life is.
Our learning method is not the same because our culture is different.
All in all, to help me learn my pictures is an easy-to-remember, so I like to see some of my knowledge about the picture I have much the way to learn my lesson.
My way to study English is not the same math.
I remember some new word before teacher tell us to do.
I think the word is the basis of learning English only remember the word we can to learn the grammar and understand articles talking about meaning.
Of course, understand others speak English is an important skill.
Because I think the way is relaxing and I can better remember knowledge than the other ways.
I think animals should be put back the wild.
People shouldn't kill the animals for their fur or meat.
Considering that it uses a lot of advanced technology, e-books are superior to books made of papers in preservation.
I like it because I always feel happy and relax when I am in it.
I want to study English for different reasons.
First, Iwant to learn much thing.
Communicating with foreigner is interesting.
And I can learn some thing from them.
Second, Studing English is necessary.
I have learned construction.
So English is important.
Finally, my friend have learned English Major.
She like to talk to me in English.
For example, I became a member of Chinese Literature Club two weeks ago.
It 's an interesting and active club that with lots of students who likes writing articles and reading traditional Chinese masterworks.
At the same time, I try to let me play more sports such as basketball and soccer.
Because of taking part in the club, it has improved my writing skill and helped me learn more about Chinese literature.
First, you are supposed to choose the activities that fit you best.
Second, you need to arrange you time properly.
Otherwise, you will be stressed out.
Love is an affection from our heart, and it is a feeling, more specifically, it is our affection toward someone or a group of people.
For me, love does not have an exact definition, but it really between us, and it is personal.
In my heart, I do have some feelings about love.
Firstly, I think love is the feeling of natural, when we far away from our parents, they will always concern us, and worried about us, and this love cannot be replaced, it is great and natural which no one can give us; Secondly, love is the feeling of warm, when we donate something to those people who really need them, and help them to live in a better life, and make them enrich, what I remember when the WenChuan earthquake happened in 2008, many people die in that horrible earthquake, but there were some lucky people survived, some of them because their teachers, parents, loves or friends saved them but lose their own lives.
And from this we can know that this is a way for people to show their love , and this love make us feel warm.
All these are what I think love, love is natural, warm and being need.
Thank you for helping me when I lived in your home during America.
I felt fantastic and learned a lot from you and America education.
Because of your help, I adapted more quickly in both family and school.
But now, I have some trouble in lefting a dictionary in your home.
This is my first dictionary which my American English teacher sent to me.
It is valued for me.
I think it maybe on the bookshelf in the bedroom.
Please find it patiently and if you find it you can post it to me.
After that, I will pay for the postage.
Accompany raises the student good at listening to the vopinions of other good qualities toaccompany raising students' autonomy and indep0endence, so grouping helps us to better learni8ng, but also can improve our ability of independdent learing.
I'm learning style of China's point of vie, the students not only to learn the classroom knowledge, but also learn to real ability of live, rich experience in our society.
With the developing of economy.
The strategy of OLNY CHILD inspire parents spoil their kids and build a over more comfortable surrounding for their children.
It cultivate kids' worse habit that if they get into trouble they will ask help for their parents easily.
If so, our value of human will achieve.
The first impression is the college was too big and the environment was very beautiful.
With the leaves of the trees and grass attracted me.
The fish in the lake play games.
A lot of people say to me, Sudy hard and you will get freedom when in university.
Like Albert Camus said, Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.
I think that we can use our hands and knowledge to create a better tomorrow.
With the development of the society, more and more college students select to study abroad when they graduate.
On the one hand, some of them think it's a good chance to go abroad for further training.
Not only can they acquire more advanced technology, but they can get more experience.
What's more, it can also make them find a job easier when they return to their country.
However, some person thinks it 's also a good choice to find a job after they graduate.
Some of them are poor, so it can reduce the burden on family if they can find a job after graduating.
As far as I'm concerned, I may choose the latter.
Because my family is not very rich, studying abroad is a burden on my family.
So finding a job after graduating is a good idea for me, if so, I can make a contribution to society earlier.
The personal experience can make people do not only stay in home , you can go to other place to learn geography in the travel , we can see some beautiful river , mountain with the travel .
Accordingly, in her Emma, Mrs. Weston's marriage seems to be a satisfactory one that Every friend of Miss Taylor must be glad to see her so happily married.
In the novel, for example, relating to Mr. Weston, she wrote but his second wife must give him the pleasantest proof of its being a great deal better to choose than to be chosen, to excite gratitude than to feel it.
For one thing, the comments act as a kind of feedback, which strengthens the communication between students and teachers, thus stimulating the education afterwards.
For another, as a result of it, students' enthusiasm and initiative in learning could be inspired to a large degree, not to mention their confidence and courage to cope with difficulties.
To be begin with, marriage need so much money.
Friendship is a kind of man relations, it is a human born ability to make friends.
When we are in trouble, we need friends to offer us help, support and encouragement.
Friendship is also one of the greastest pleasures that we can enjoy, it concludes honesty, tolerace, sympathy, affection and readiness to help.
friendship is so important that we must be careful selecting friends.
Sometimes the true friends can give us more help and can lead us to make progress instantly.
My favourite place in school is the fantastic lidrary which I borrow books.
I go there three times a week Many students go to lidrary at noon, but is very quier.
Mosr of using computer, while others prefer to reading like me.
I love reading, and I really enjoy it.
Itis a part of my life, Romance and horror are my best-loved.
Now, I am trying to read a book--Bright to Teradithia, in English.
That is a wonderful story--the heroine leslie's death is sudden.
For instance, we can choose some of electives, which can promote our learning, or we select some of them whose can improve our capacity .
On a sunny morning, I went jogging outside and enjoyed the music in my Mp3.
When I was ready to go home to have my lunch, a woman with her cute puppy came into view.
I found the puppy was turning around at the roadside.
With her pet's behavior, the woman did nothing but leaving without cleaning its shit.
  I said.
And the woman apologized to me then made it clean.
Every country has its own languages which often include official languages and many kinds of dialects.
Besides, life for each individual will be more colorful if he can freely talk to others without communicative difficulty for he can touch upon all different kinds of culture flexibly.
Countries can have a better understanding of each other in trade, economy, science, policy and all aspects in the same language.
Banks use computers to send money all over the world.
We play computer game with it.
The doctor use computers to take care of patients.
my favourite way of learning English is to follow u.
Looking around, a beautiful oil painting can catch your eyes, it on the opposite wall.
Then look at the right wall, there is a fireplace which makes you warmer, walk straight, you can see a pink loveseat in the corner, it looks very lovely.
As we all know, Low-carbon Lifestyle is becoming more and more popular among people.
Of cause, I cound not make a good explanation.
According to a report, this life is the best life until restently.
On one a hand, this life can help people form a habit of reducing.
For example, human beens can do that one will use the wast-water to do other things , which is very useful.
One the other hand , pollution-problem is becoming serious, especially air pollution.
First , we can do somethings around ourselves .
For instance , reduce water, turn off the light as we leave our room, and do not use one-time chopstics.
Maybe the person is a bad guy, but he saise he is a kind person.
Second, I think that we should take enough time to know each other indaily life.
Such as cloning, gene, disco, etc.
Such as hackers, talk show, tanks and so on.
Days go by without returning, we again have steped into the golden autumn.
Admittedly, autumn is a season to gain.
However, it also makes you dreary.
The lovely flowers begin to wither and fall.
The leaves gradually turn yellow.
Even the cute sun is mean to show her face.
What's more, we have to change our clothes frequently due to the changeable temperature, which causes a lot of inconveniences.
In contrast, in spring it is another case.
A myriad of grass come up.
When you look out of the window, what you can see is full of green as well as various flower, which helps you sense the vitality of life.
In college, everyone comes from different places.
And so everyone has his or her specific charact-eristic.
Appearantly, conflict can not be avoided.
Many reasons can cause conflict.
Maybe it is for a pen you borrow from your roommate that you don't return on the stroke.
Or you run so fast that you knock your roommate down.
All these incidents can cause conflict.
First, you can be calm and controll your temper.
chance to explain.
If your roommate lose his or her temper, you can make some concession.
And after he or she is good, find a chance to talk with him or her.
But in our life, incidents like these don't happen from time to time.
After all, happiness is the main rhythm in our life.
As you know, I like to play computer game after finishing my daily tasks.
Last week, unfortunately, my computer got a virus.
I didn't know how to deal with this problem, then I asked my grandmother for help.
My grandmother was surprised to hear this new.
Then she walked out my room and told me that she would solve this problem.
I was so happy to hear she said so.
Two hours later, I went to ask my grandmother if my computer can be used as before.
She lived in a five-star hotel, and she visited many places of historic interests and scenics beauty.
After 4 days, she went back to Americ.
With the development of economy.
More and more resources are run to waste.
Our country has a large population vast territory and abundant Resources.
However, That's just before.
In fact, the waste of resources had been caused the very serious consequences.
As a student, we Should try our best to save .
After washing Hand , we should not leave the water faucet running.
When you use paper to both sides of the paper with.
The things are small, but bring influence is big.
There has been much argument over people's opinion in recent years.
One of the questions under debate is whether people benefit more from E-book or traditional book.
Those who are against students looking E-book for learning argue that E-book are usually much more costly than traditional book.
As a result, it tends to be students from rich families may gradually develop a sense of superiority towards those from other families, while the latter may feel resentful.
We also have to take into account the fact that varieties of families cannot afford to buy E-book.
On the other hand, people who are in favor of student looking E-book for learning point out that E-book is a pretty tool for cultivating student's ability, which they seldom acquire from traditional book because of lacking of interest.
What's more, these students usually show a more positive attitude towards learning by E-book than by traditional book.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments.
I am inclined to agree with the latter point of view.
For one thing, it seems to me that there is more to education than merely learning from traditonal book.
Maybe according to E-book, students can study more efficiently.
For another, the advance of technology force students to use scientific products.
The importance of English learning should all know, please take a look at my suggestion.
The key is to learn good English can go to travel around the world, in order to not be so embarrassed.
I hope to take my advice.
Currently, there are so many blind-date tv shows which attach not only millions of young people .
but many parents.
Firstly, with the development of economic and society, so many people don't just satisfy with their our life now, they try to look for thrills and entitlements, so they are interested in attending such programs , more , with the same reason , so many people are busy with their work that they don't have time to make friends, so they have to set aside time to attend blind-date shows on tv.
As a saying goes too much people is trouble , for example, it not only makes traffic jam, but haves a high crime rate.
What's worse, owing to many people flood into city, citizen face up to unemployment condition.
It makes fierce competition and stress.
In my opinion, it is the high time to take some measures to deal with the problem.
Such as the government should come on a policy to solve it, including limiting non- the citizen enter city, improving household registration system.
As a college student, , the winter holiday is a good chance to practice.
Introduced by relatives, I am in a kindergarten when a substitute teacher.
I just started to think, to teach children is easy, but the fact is not simple .
Because I am a college student, so not many experience.
I can only on the internet to check some information about the class.
It is my most memorable, a few days later, came a full-time teacher.
She was graduated from Beijing dance academy.
This winter holiday I grew a lot of experience too.
According to the marxist materialism, material decides the consciousness and consciousness is the reflection of material.
Practice is the source of consciousness, and the analysis and summary of consciousness form the theory .
therefore, practice is the foundation of theory.
Theory has the guidance in practice.
the theoretical guide the research and development of science and technology.
There are some following reasons to introduce how it happened.
Firstly, automobile exhute is very serious .
Secondly , the air of the factory is also the main reason.
There reasons caused unexpected consequences.
For example, people fall ill earsily.
the hazy Weather is harmful for our health.
The last but not least, we should take measures to prevent the hazy Weather.
we can plant some trees and flowers.
we can also take buses more times and we should seldom drive cars .
Reading is a important way for everone to gain knowledge and experience.
From reading books, we will reduce times we make mistakes and improve our quality.
We will try to treat people in a better way, enjoying a more comfortable life.
Finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark , so let us read more books and enjoy the process.
In their views there are three reasons to the attitude as follows: Firstly, we can gei knowledge and open uo our eye's.
Secondly, we can share our life and commincate with our friends.
For the more, in the second place, some of us think that we are not ought to get online frequently.
People, however, differ in their opinions on the matter.
Some of us hold the idea that we are not supposed to get online freguantly.
In their viewpoint, on the one hand, it's bad for our eyes.
In the other hand, it may make us be addicted to games and chatting.
As far as I am concerned, I firmly support the view that we shouldn't get online ferquently.
But this is teenagers' own immature views in most cases.
Air pollution is one of the major problems of the world.
A great deal of energy is needed to run the factories of modern industrial nations.
Automobile, trains, planes and busses need energy, too.
Nearly all of this energy is produced by burning fuels.
Scientists are studying new ways of generating electricity that may be less damaging to the environment.
In the meantime, many power plants are being modernized to give off less polluted material.
However, it may be that we still have a long way to go before we have a clean world.
Nearly all of the countries are trying hard to prevent and control air pollution.
There indeed seems to be no end to tasks that environmentalists will be required to do.
Our parents are the ones who shower us whit uncondition love and care.
They teach us about what is right and wrong, good and bad.
But always tend to take this for granted.
We always think it is their duty to take good care of us, give us everything we want.
We all forget, we don't give them anything.
Many chinese parents think they should give their childe the better than they had when them were children , even it is unreasonable.
Gradually, it became a matter of course.
But I want to say it is unnecessary for parents to give all things to us.
We do have to say  Thank you  to them.
Sometimes a small detail will make parents feel happy all day.
I am writing to tell you one exciting news and I believe you will be amazing after hearing the news.
I have got two concert tickets which concert was held by Lang lang who you love the most.
So this week, I wish you can go with me.
What impresses me most is his overweight.
His belly likes a round watermelon, even larger than watermelon.
A full black beard obscured half of his face.
He also wears a wild moustache.
Look, his eyes disappears while smiling.
Firstly his colour attracts me.
We can clearly see that the bottom colour is white, matching to pink, light blue, purple and rose-pink.
I like the blight rose-pink.
Last weekend my parents and I went to the beach.
The weather was very sunny.
But it was very hot, so we went to the beach, and we went swimming and played with the sand.
The sand was very burning.
It made my feet hurt.
But seawater was a little of cool.
We played in the sea, by ship and catching a fish.
On the beach.
We are runing on the beach.
We enjoy the sunshine.
Then we take a shower.
Last buy bus to go home.
We took many photos.
This is a wonderful tour.
It's accurate that the essay is the valuable possession of its author, but if it will be shared to whoever needs it, it would mean more.
On the other hand, people who download essays online save more time and energy compared with those who look something up in the dictionary.
In their part, the essays with various opinions will let them comprehend the issue objectively and generally.
As a topic being controversial for a long time, downloading essays from the internet has great room from growth.
Nowadays, English has become a universal language , and more and more people start to use it.
Thus, there are some people think that English will play a dominant role in the world.
But some people tends to believe that we should focus on our mother tongue.
As far as I know, those who can use English has been more successful, because English provides them plenty of chances, especially in this population overload age.
Also, Ehglish can make you remove many barriers when you communicate with anyone who does not share the same language with you.
I am a university student.
when i first enter the school, I think it is very beautiful.
but when the time pass, I found some problems on campus.
for example, there are no water for people to drink on the building that students study .
Although it is very small, it is the most important.
You must laugh at the school.
For more, when you want drink boild water, but you will found you should go to dormitory.
This time you must corse the school.
So I think the school should buy some water machine to solve the problem.
It wasn't all rose and sunshine when I was growing up.
Last year, when I enter the university, I wanted to be a class committee in the class, but I didn't know how to do it.
My sister told me if I success ed in running for it, I could learn lots of boastful things.
The teacher had writ en some names, which didn't make mention of me .
So , I kept asking myself, the reason for failure .
In the end, I learned that never, never, never give up.
This year, I success ed to be a class committee.
In recent years, College Graduates have difficulty in employment.
An employment rate has declined.
Firstly, Because most College Graduates'professional knowledge be against their work, they think it unuseful.
Secondly, College Graduates reach for what is beyond one's grasp so that they will be easy to give up.
To change this situation, it has some advice to solve.
On the one hand, the College Graduates should open their mind.
On the other hand, the government should take action to encourage College Graduates to do pioneering work.
From now.
I'll go to school by bike or on foot instead of in a car.
I'll use fewer plastic bagsto reduce white pollution.
In order to save energyI'll plant more trees so that the air will be fresher.
I'll take less lift and reuse water.
At last l will use second-hand books.
If everyone takes action.our enivronment will be better and better.
In my opnion, the most important thing to reach the low-carbon economic is everyone must try their best do what they can do for it.
Study comes first so I should make new goals and improve my study methods.
Hard will I study in the college as I do now.
Second, reading on different kinds of topics can broaden our horizon.
From the first day in 2011, all the indoor public places will be ban smoking in China.
The aim of this report is to make all the indoor public places have no smoking.
The measure to do this aim is posting the no smoking signs.
In fact, there are about 3.5 billion smokers.
About three-forths are male and other are female.
The most important is that there are 5.4 billion people influenced by the second-hand smoke.
My name is S.
I think your after-school activities are very interesting and my after-school activity is interesting too.
But my favorite after-school activity is playing chess.
I have to be ready for school.
Because we have many before school routine such as: the bell rings must be in class, do not talk in the lesson.
And we have many subjects such as: Chemistry, English, Geography, History, IT, Chinese, Math, Physic, PE.
But my after-school routine is very good.
I am often play basketball.
This is my school day.
My name is X.
Nowadays there are a great deal of issues about the environment protection, people's sense of environmental protection are weaker on the condition that we can the phenomenon people cut down trees and waste the papers.
Meanwhile, every country do many efforts to protect the environment from people's destroying behaviour.
Firstly, the government carried out the policy to ban to use the plastic bags, because these bags would become the white pollution, and affect our life quality.
Secondly, the government also declared that private cars should obey the regulations, otherwise, they would be punished.
It is effective to limit the people to waste resources .
In sum, we should take more measures to protect our earth.
Samnel Johnson said:  Curiosity is one of the characteristics of being full of intellectuals in permanent and inevitable.
  This curiosity is intelligent.
Creative thinkers have this curiosity, because they need to collect informations from different resources.
Of course, this curiosity must be different from the curiosity of kill the cat  The  kill the cat  curiosity is used an incorrect way to get people's ideas or secrets.
  Said Alice in wonderland.
Creative activity, though sometimes painful, in essence is to make people happy.
A way to cultivate curiosity is starting to ask more questions.
Whether in talking with others or alone in thinking.
As we all know, the civilization is still developing now since when all variety of consciousness have come into existence in people's mind.
In the past time, we worried about how to make a life, we treated something around us cruelly, but all this just because of characters of that age.
It was arduous for human beings to consider so much aspects under that circumstance.
All the people dreamed of around the clock was just material.
They did everything in order to get much more material wealth.
What's more, people's life were so worthless in some places.
Every moment , a great deal of people get the death penalty because of various charges.
However, during these years, the whole world gets a great advance, including economy, politics, culture.
In one word, we defeated the cruel system of the old world and created the most democratic system in our history.
People begin to pay more attention to their spirit life through these changes.
They show more desire to the freedom and rights.
So people become more polite and more friendly.
And there is no doubt that harmony has become the main melody of the world.
We are trying our best to build a perfect world such as love paradise.
Every thing seems to be better and better, but I have to say, the death penalty is just like a tumour of our healthy body .
We always emphasize that we should protect rights of people, but the death penalty just break our oath.
Maybe we forget that the life itself is just a fundamental right of people.
Life is so holy that nobody has right to end it --nobody.
Although, we just use the death penalty to punish criminals , we still can not cover in the blood of the our hands .
The death penalty only shows the inhumanity of our society.
It is really go against the trend of our time.
Now some countries have canceled the death penalty .
My name is X.
I come from Y Z.
There are five people in my families, including grandparents, mom and dad, and I, I was the only girl.
However, I am not so dependent on my family, I am very independent, I have my own idea.
I am swarm and loving to listen to the girl hope to make friends with me.
I like to read detective novels.
l am very easy to think too much, of course, I also like watching movie and listening to music.
I don't like to eat pork, but I like fruit very much.
Harry Porter is the best what I like to see the book, Harry not only taught me to be brave in front of difficulties, the important thing is that we have parents, we are happy, know how to Thanksgiving.
In the university I should own my beahave first .
Second , the other importance thing is to master the knowledge.
I want to be an excellent merchandiser.
I must strive to.
I come from S , T.
I am a nineteen-year-old girl.
There six peopel in my family, my parends and my gradparends, my sister and me.
My sister is a middle school student I have many hobbis.
The first, I like playing basketball with friends in my free time .
The second one is going shopping with boys and girls in the weekend .
The last one is find some good food to eat.
My dream job is work in corporation with foreign capital.
I want to build my Interpersonal circle.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a waiter.
I have some experience and I enjoy working with people and am interested in a career in the catering company when I leave the senior high school.
Maybe I cannot do it well at the starting, but I must be make my great efforts.
I am thinking day-to-day, why collage students have lots of unhealthy habbits.
For example, they are staying up become more and more general, hitting the slats use more and more time.
They can games long time, but they spend time in learing only little.
They also can eat junkfood every time, but their body became too bad.
Even, the collage students having smook or drink and thinking that this behave is fashion.
Perhaps, they ar solitary and they want to get happy or let others attention.
They are having so much unhealthy habbits, because they are lazy or not time to rest.
In my opinion, collage students loosed their confident and drame, using decadent and misty instead it.
They need advantagesat this stage in spite of resulting in the future.
It's likely to be thought that diet we choose have nothing to do with environment.
But from now on , we have to change this idea.
If most of us choose meat-based diet, a body of animals will be supplied.
And then, it requires vast resources to raise feed shelter transport process and package them slaughted.
Besides, grazing and growing food for animals take up vast land so that it results in topsoil loss and waste of resource.
Furthermore, animals wastes pollute the well, river and so on.
These phenomena have an impact on our nomal life.
From the earth, we can draw a conclusion that diet is related to our environment.
I have some bad habits.
I always to get up late, and I never drink milk, I think milk is very bad.
I usually watch TV at least 5 hours a week, and I often eat junk food.
But I have some good habits, too.
I eat fruit 5 times a week.
I read books every day.
I hardly ever play computer games, but I often use the Internet for study.
However, considering environment , maybe it is not a good news.
Therefore, government agencies in some big cities intend to put a pollution tax  on private cars which has caused quite a stir among public.
With the rapid development of economy and the remarkable improvement of people , it is the environmental problem that arouses wide public concern.
In our country, the air pollution is the most severe one.
Firstly, there are some factories exhaust emissions which violate effluent standards.
Secondly, due to the technology, the sulfur dioxide and other poisonous gas are exhausted easily.
Fortunately, there are some people advocating us trying to solve the problem to protect our environment.
To our delight , some scientists devote themselves to reforming and improving the technology.
As a matter of fact, the solution of air pollution is not a man can do but all of us.
I just use the time to study when others are drinking coffee.
Just as the saying goes, Modesty makes one progress.
I'm a common college student from XX university.
I would appreciate it if you could do me a favor and help to recommend a little girl who has just start schooling and can not afford the tuition.
My plan is to support her by taking responsibility of all her cost on education until she finnish her 9-year compulsory education.
I prepare to remit my donation directly to her bank account If possible.
To help a child to realise his school dream is always what I'm desiring to do.
The climate in Tianjin is very easy to adapt.
It cold in winter but not frozen and the summer in Tianjin is a bit long and hot.
There are many delicious food in Tianjin specially which concluded in our breakfast menu.
I appreciate the literature you sent on the company's insurance programs.
Thanks also for offering to answer questions I may have concerning these benefits, when I report to you for orientation at 9:00 a.m on Monday, March 25.
I appreciate your help in processing the employment papers and look forward to meeting you soon.
Nowadays, everyone is eager to attain success .
is exceedingly difficult.
In contrast, in my opinions, the way to success always has a number of obstacles, which we never may face with.
As far as I am concerned , if you have confidence , you might as well smile in life.
No pains, no gains.
Whatever you do , diligence is absolutely essential.
In addition, we also need some friends, who can second and help us .
The way to success is filled with many temptations.
It is crucial for us to learn to refuse it .
Being a successful man is our dream for everyone .
We should intend to get through some obstacles.
Being humble to accept kinds of suggestions.
Advertising is created with the selling.
In old ages, people yelling to those shoppers to convince them buy their goods.
If you have a nice voice and have a unique expression, those customers might pay more attention to your goods.
This is a kind of effective economical methods.
In this modern society, with the created of the media like radio, internet, TV peoples are making abundant ways of advertising.
However, things are all have tow sides.
There is no doubt that it saves peoples time, but we can't ignore those guys who have a bad ambition.
What they only cares are their financial profit, their goods have bad quality and they don't offer after-sale service.
So, what we should do.
Only we can do is not trust those businessman so easily, we should make our decision after compared with others goods.
My name is G. I am tidy.
And my room is very tidy, too.
Look, my black books and white tapes are on the bookcase.
My green pencil is in my pencil box.
And my pencil box is yellow and is in my schoolbag.
My schoolbag is blue and black.
Yeah, it is under the sofa.
My notebooks are on the desk.
And my ruler and eraser are on the desk, too.
I have a map from China.
It is on the wall.
It is big and nice.
And I have a clock.
It is on my desk.
Because it can tell me the time.
But at present when many students into the university that they find the university true beautiful and there are many good students .
So that they start have no confident .
And so on.
With the development of technology, more and more families buy comperters and more people use computers to chat.
So it's easy for them to bring favor to each other on the Internet.
There are different opinions about cyber love.
In my opinion, I disagree cyber love.
First, on the Internet, we can't know each other very much.
He maybe a bad man in the reality, but on the Internet, he can pretend a gentleman, so you can't know what is really and what is false.
After all, the Internet is virtual.
Second, I think true love is based on the ups and downs of lovers in daily life.
Therefore, on the Internet, we can't experience the ups and downs in our life, we can only pour our emotions on the Internet.
The last but not least, the common saying say distance produce beauty  , but most people proved, long distance make the lovers' love become more and more light.
At last, they had to part.
Cyber love is also like it.
We are very pleased to receive your order No.
We accept the order and are enclosing you our Sales Confirmation No.321 in duplicate of which please countersign and return one copy to us for our file.
You choose our company, so we will try our best to meet your requirement.
As the saying goes, the early bird catches the worm.
Two years ago, if my memory serves me well, I was involved in a math competition.
Having won the first prize some times before, I didn't feel nervous any more.
So confident was I that I prepared nothing for the contest.
Contrary to my expectation, I achieved nothing instead.
Absorbed in disappointment, I became a man with few words.
Not knowing why I lost in the contest, I consult my classmates about their secrets to the success.
To my surprise, all of them thought that preparing for the contest ahead of the schedule was the key factor.
I felt much better when I found out the reason why I lost.
It's obvious that hard work is the key factor to the success.
As people's growing requirements of books, e-book was born.
Nowadays e-book has been already quite popular.
You do not have to drive your car, wait for the traffic and reach the bookstore to buy some books.
It is very convenient for you to download many books and read them on the e-book.
E-book is compact and easy to carry.
Every coin has two sides.
E-book has disadvantages.
First, The technology of e-book still needs developing.
There existed deficiencies in e-book.
Second, e-book is much more expensive than a book.
From the view of benefit, most people would rather go to bookstores to buy books.
As far as I am concerned, in the near future, e-book and books will coexist.
Both of them have complementary advantages.
We can not abandon traditional reading.
My favorite dreaming destination in Europe is the developed country called Switzerland.
Switzerland, which covers an area of 41000 square kilometers, is located in Central Europe.
It has a population of 7,500,000 and its capital is Berne.
Which attracts me most is the beautiful scenery in this country.
After all, it is known as the garden of the world.
As everyone knows Swiss watches are the most famous around the world.
I like Swiss watches very much and I also have several pieces of Swiss watches such as Longine.
Tissot.
That's all that I want to introduce to you.
As is shown in the picture, the rumors is spread wildly, it is like bombs for people.
From my point of view, the first nut to crack is to improve the awareness of controllers and make some punishment to the rumor-makers.
With the quickily increasing of private cars from 2005 to 2014, there are many traffic accidets cased by ignoring rules and regulations.
We all know that private cars are popular with us, which leds to our road traffic mainly.
What annoys me is that even though there are many traffic laws place restrictions on drivers not to do harm to others , many drivers know the law but break it.
I think the policeman should strict enforcement of law and we shoule also give a hand.
Only we are in a term can we avoid our heavy road traffic.
And when we do that like the old lady in the photo on Sina Weibo we must protect ourselves firstly.
It is important of the relationship between laws and our life.
The emergence of the laws in order to the society development.
Whether it is developing countries or developed countries, all the law have limited.
we can only help poor families provide food and clothes.
And now the young people is short of law language and cause a lot of harm.
On the one hand, the college students should be protected ownself health and money safe.
On the other hand, the college students should be known how to protect benefits.
New ideas help businesses gain an advantage over their rivals.
Employees who generate these new ideas-who practice the art of creative thinking are one of a company's greatest.
The Art of Creative Thinking shows the reader practical ways of becoming a more creative thinker.
After reading that book, I feel more confident.
Nothing is impossible.
If we try our best to do, to think, we will gain what we want to have.
Other signs that you may be in an abusive relationship include a partner who belittles you or tries to control you, and feelings of self-loathing, helplessness, and desperation.
If you're hesitating-telling yourself that it's none of your business, you might be wrong, or the person might not want to talk about it-keep in mind that expressing your concern will let the person know that you care and may even save his or her life.
In fact, abusive behavior and violence is a deliberate choice made by the abuser in order to control you.
My Favorite Way of Learning.
it is critical to do more reading, writing, listening and speaking.
about the novel in English and newspaper , that can help you a lot when do the reading.
secondly , keep on listen to the English waves , and keep a diary .
Thirdly , I think you can go to the English corner , that can improve you oral English.
Besides, learling by heart as many well-know essays as possible is also very important.
A language exists, beacause a lot of people speak it.
We can practice again and again to remember what we learned.
My ways of learning English have a disadvantage which is speaking.
With the development of econmical, online shopping has been a fashion.
erery corns has two sizes.
we need to wait, we cannot get what we buy at once.
 if we buy a clothes on.
it.
we can not try it on.
in my opinion.
even online shopping is easy for US.
we cannot rely on it completeLy.no matter whatwe buy we should think twice.
This afternoon, I see a movie and the movie is Frozen.
At evening, I watch this film on the internet.
There are about seven persons in the movie(chief).
Elsa is a country's king, she is kind and smart.
Anna is Elsa's younger sister, she is brave and kind.
Weselton is a bad man, he is arrogant.
I think he likes AnLuShan.
I like Elsa the best, though she is a girl.
I think Frozen has lots of about love's stories and it is bad for students.
Hello.
My name is W.
There are four persons in my family.
My mother is a doctor.
So I am proud of my mother.
I am very outgoing and friendly.
I majored in English.
Because I think swimming is good for our health.
So I always go swimming in daily life.
If you like it as me, we can together.
In daily life, I like reading some books, like history and English books.
Such as teaching lessons and cashier.
I do happy in these part-time jobs.
I really enjoy my life.
As you know, we need clear water and fresh air to keep our daily life.
On one hand, we talk about the air pollution.
If we ignore the discharge capacity from the industries, it still has many sources that can result in air pollution.
For example, the air-conditioning, the vehicle emission, oil-smoking, barbecue and so on.
Because Yangzhou is a famous historical city, it attracts many travelers coming here yearly and the problem is more serious.
We can usually smell a strong , orating smell from the sewer.
On the other hand, we notice the water pollution.
The rivers of Yangzhou are becoming polluted with garbage and dangerous chemicals including Slender West Lake.
We usually see some plastic bottles and waste-papers floating on the lake.
Some clear water is becoming black and smelly.
As far as I am concerned, it is of great urgency to solve the problem.
We not only should use our hands to protect our home, but also build up environmental awareness.
About meaningful life, I think that I must be happy.
First, I will read some books to open my view, for me, and books can enrich my free life.
Reading books can also make me smart.
Next, I may do exercise.
I could run every day, or Ipaly badminton with my friends.
In addition to these, Iwant to play chess with my pupil, it can make us get along.
At college, Having fun is very important.
Living in an environment full of fiercer competition, we, a generation born in the 90s, are faced with more problems in entering higher schools and getting employed.
Nowadays, Low-carbon Lifestyle is being more and more popular, especially among many young people.
Low-carbon Lifestyle is a kind of lifestyle which urge people to live a very simple life.
For example we can take bus to school or ride a bicycle instead of driving car, which can help us to save money and effort.
This lifestyle in order to reduce carbon dioxide , and make our environment more beautiful.
This lifestyle is for everyone and everyone can do something for this popular lifesyle.
As far as I am concerned , we must do some thing to live a low-carbon life to save our enviroment.
High ackonwledged college student as we are , we should do something to save our environment and live a Low-carbon Lifestyle .
There are lots of tings we can do to save us environment such as walk more and use less fossil fuel this will make our shy cleaner .
we also can turn off light when we are away, which can help save a lot electricity.
So as to save wood we can use all of paper both sides.
Rmanber this small effort will make big difference.
Nowadays, more and more people read of books.
Such is the remark made dy Bacon  knowledge is power  .
But we are likely to see someone call phone in the library.
So some people think that playing mobile phone in the library shoud restricted.
Because phone calls restrict people will be affecte.
Reading makes people cannot concentrate on reading, At the sometime, some people think that use to call phones should not limit, in the library.
As we can see in this picture, a son that he is worry about disposing of nuclear waste.
Nonetheless his father told him, if he can empty dustbin here, he can do anything.
This picture tells us that we should pay attention to small things, do like this we can do everything easily.
In this conversation, the father advises his son to do small things before undertaking something big.
In the other word, doing small things is the first step of success and only doing good on small things we will success.
There is no doubt that one of the great differences between success and failure is small things.
Usually, we always ignore some small details, so we always face failure.
In my opinion, it is importance for us to do well in small things with a serious attitude.
In the other word, we should prepare of every details before big things.
It's my pleasure to extend an invitation to you to the seminar about global warming to be held in my college.
I am one of the organizers of the seminar and I know you are an expert in this field.
I think the seminar must be more wonderful with your attendance and I hope that you won't decline my invitation.
  Time has been transformed, and we have changed; it has advanced and set us in motion; it has unveiled its face, inspiring us with bewilderment and exhilaration.
The understanding of the passage of time is the main theme in the essay of Once More to the Lake by E.
I am lisa.
I am a middle school student.
I like reading and playing ping-pong.
I used to watch TV at first after school, but i an used to doing my homework now.
I like playing ping-pong in my free time.
Nowadays, many college students have no the ability to do housework.
So there are some students hire the clenaners to help them do some cleaning.
The phenomenon has caused discussion whether college students should hire cleaners.
There are several points to improve my opinion.
First, it is harmful to the students' independence and growth for them to hire cleaners.
A healthy person is not only good at learning knowledges, but also have the capability to themselves things, which can make them take care of themselves better.
Second, doing housework by ourselves will make us diligent.
If we hire a cleaner to do all our cleaning, we will become lazier and lazier.
It is not good for us to develop a high quality.
Third, hiring cleaners need a sum of money.
And college students can't afford to pay the wages to cleaners by themselves.
If they hire a cleaner, they must have to ask their parents for extro money.
Nowadays.college students need money in many aspects, the parents live with pressure.
From what I have said above, we can clearly see the disadvantage of college students' hiring cleaners.
After a long tough journey, Chinese people have made achievements in national rejuvenation and succeeded in a variety of fields including science, technology and politics.
Apparently, the stronger teenagers become, the better our country will be.
Therefore, teenagers are responsible for strengthen ourselves and make devotions to our country.
It's of great significance that the education on teenagers will make for future progress in science and technology.
Taking Ning Zetao who is a young outstanding swimmeras an example, he proved himshlf to be a rising star during 17th Asian Games.
Personally, as a common student, we can also take responsibilities for national rejuvenation.
First and foermost, it's necessany for us to try our best to complete our present study.
There is a growing trend nowadays for many persons to shop online.
Online shopping becomes more and more popular, however, everything has two sides.
First of all, it is more convenient that every person can just stay at home whenever to purchase products.
Secondly, the most essential thing which perhaps is you can buy anything you want.
Consequently, you don't have to waste a lot of time to seek for.
Convenient as it is, it also has some issues.
For example, you can just see the physical sample.
Don't expect to try them personally.
Meanwhile, the real goods used to be different in you have seen on the internet.
So it must deceive you easily.
As is known to all, reading is a very important way in our studies.
There are many advantages in extensive reading.
To begin with, reading give us new horizons.
We can travel around the world by reading.
Moreover, it can help us improve oral language abilities.
On the other hand, the first-hand is important, too.
However, it has many differences compared with reading.
In conclusion, both read and action are essential.
It's necessary to combine reading with action.
May 1st, International Workers'Day, My May day is labour day.
We will have a 3-day holiday.
I am going to do a lot of things with my family and friends.
I and my father, mother and sister didn't go shopping.
I plan to make up early in the morning to get some exercises.
When I get health from sport, then I will spend a few time on readings.
In the afternoon, I will play computer game with friends via internet.
But sitting too much of time at the computer isn't good for health.
I will do some housekeeping to help my parents.
  Shakespeare said.
So, if we want to succeed, we should build up self-confidence.
First, I think the best way is to diversify your life experience.
In the other means, know yourself as well as the enemy and you can fight a hundred battles with no danger and defeat.
If you have rich life experience, you will be more confidence.
Second, remember that no one is perfect.
Even the most confidence people have insecurities.
At some point in any of our lives, we may feel we lack something.
That is reality.
Third, learn how to give yourself a pep talk.
We all have our down moments, moments of doubt, confusion and uncertainty.
When that happens, we must learn how to restore self-confidence.
One way is to understand that everyone goes through such moments.
Another is to remember past successes, visualize the desired outcome and keep at it.
Finally, look in the mirror and smile.
Studies surrounding what's called the  facial feedback theory  suggest that the expressions on your face can actually encourage your brain to register certain emotions.
In conclusion, self-confidence is absolutely essential to achieving success in any endeavor.
You acquire it by doing, learning, accomplishing, and persisting.
Please believe that I am the best one in the world and I can do many things for others.
We havn't see for a long time.
On the first day, I went out with my friend.
We saw the newest film and went skating.
We all enjoy ourselves very much.
The second day had a havily rain.
So I had to stay at home.
I did my homework at first.
And then, I helped my mother do some housework.
Well, so much for this.
Many people argue that in order to improve educational quality continuously, students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.
Of the two views discussed above, I am in favor of the second one, because respecting for our teachers is the most important aspect.
If we students make comments or even criticism directly on teaches, those teacher would feel embarrassed .
Besides, after being criticized by their students, those teachers may lose the confidence and smile hence.
As far as I'm concerned, making comments or even criticism on teaches is not a complete method in both respects.
Maybe parents and students should find another way such as chatting with the problem teacher, writing a note and etc.
In addition, we students should try to change ourselves rather than the teachers.
In a word, we students should respect the teachers and direct their mistake in a polite way rather than make comments and criticism straightforward.
Nowadays, college students still gain text knowledge, this is a super thing.
a skillful person.
While becoming underground, college students should join social practice.
Firstly, we should make use of sparing time, so that we have time to do a job.
Secondly, we should earn money to decrease parent's stress.
At the same time, we also have duty to love our friends and relatives, this will increase our confidence.
As we know, The Chinese culture is long standing and broad and profound.
Especially, the literature play an important party.
In ancient times, people are believes  All occupations are base only book-learning is exalted.
Firstly, we can learn a lot from literature and used to our daily life, because literature is the crystallization of the wisdom of their.
Secondly, we can through literature to understanding the ancient society, we well know more about our nation developing.
  Ah oh.
I am a student.
I learn English by six years but my English was wery bad.
In my old class, we had six groups about english.
I thingk the most effective way to learn English is that remember new words and reading books every day.
Because we can have a good feel of English by this way.
is my opinion.
Just a single words, however , it contains a lot of moral.
Wether now or the past, everyone is hard for a living and living for money.
Buying , selling and trading is in evitable since ancient times people lifestyle .
However, people but in oder to the intersts of unscrupulous .
In oder to obtain a lot of money, they using a variety of means , and even some violations .
For example , people are cutting down lots of trees for many years, untill now, because it can be used to earn much money.
But it does harm to nature.
Now , our survival of the trees on the land less and less.
Because of this, so our people are suffering the punishment of nature.
Nowadays , with economic development in the world, the lifetyle more and more fashion .
People killing elephants for ivory, killing rhinocers for rhinoceros's horn.
killed the tiger for its skins and bones, killed the bear for bear's paw, and the killing of sea turtles for turtles shells.
In oder to protect the wild animals , the people of insight have also done a lot of effort.
However , as there are a lot of people have bad habits of eating game.
So , a considerable part of the restaurant, the restaurant appeal to their preferances in oder to make money then vote diners, the introduction of a variety of game dishes.
Where there is demands, there will be suppliers.
The wild animals in the world less and less .
so, our human beings should think about it.
No business , no killing.
As we all know, with the development of science and technology, net-writing is becoming more and more popular.
Net-writing has been labeled as unfavorable writing  by some people in that they think things written on the Internet have little literary merit, but others believe that net-writing is going to persist and survive.
Net-writing offers equal opportunities for everyone who wishes to write .
It gives us access to what would have not been published and yet is extremely valuable.
Also, net-writing is spontaneous and we can use it to exchange ideas before we come up with really brilliant .
Net-writers can lace their writings with strange acronyms and smileys, the crucial stroke combinations used to convey various facial expression.
And it all flows together quite smoothly.
Almost any kind of information can be found in the net-writing.
There are electronic magazines that a deal with ghost stories, poetry, or children's stories.
As far as I can see, net-writing will continue to boom.
This is not only in that we need to exchange ideas on the Internet , but also in that we need to do it fast since we can't afford excessive time in this information age.
In a sense, net-writig is probably the most efficient way of doing all this.
Nowadays, with the development of economy and the improvement of people's living standards.
To this, each person has different opinions.
Some people suppose online shopping has made our daily life more convenient and comfortable.
Because they think that shopping on the internet can recuse them a great deal of time on the way between home and store.
They will have more time and energy to spend on their work.
And they can even ignore the distance to purchase what they need in other countries.
Nerveless a few of people have different opinion, they think lack of the face to face trade make online shopping less reliable and dependable.
In addition, they can't try them on personally.
In my opinion, I think shopping on the internet is a double-edged sword, Because it has some advantages and disadvantages.
Shopping on the internet makes our life become wealthy and colorful.
It also saves much time for us.
But online shopping will let us buy a lot of things we don't need, So that it is easy to make us into economic crisis.
One month ago, I stayed at my hometown with my parents and friends.
But everything changed so fast.
In order to go on my schoolwork, I had to leave my hometown for the strange city, Changchun.
At first, it is necessary to become independent.
When I was in senior high school, I can go home every day.
But I only go home twice a year now which means that I must make some crucial decisions.
Then the college is much bigger than my old school.
I always lost my way when I 'm a new comer.
Luckily, I'm familiar with college's way at present.
What's more, the atmosphere of college and senior high school is not the same.
Our teachers teach us in English all the time.
A few days ago there was a terrible thing which gave me a punishment.
It is that my mobile phone was stolen when I went shopping.
I had put all my important information in the phone.
I can't help but do nothing.
On the one hand, I realise that it's never too careful to treat your goods.
Now here I am, I think it's needful to take good advantage of my spare time.
As the proverb goes, no pains, no gains.
Only to try my best can I achieve my dream and do much more things.
With the development of English study, more and more students ignore the spelling of English words.
This problem results from some certain reasons.
Firstly, teachers emphasize the importance of communication in English too much, rather than paying more attention to spelling English words.
Secondly, as students learn more and more vocabularies, they disorder different words, lacking of understanding of them.
To begin with, as for educators who teach the begin of English learning, teachers have the duty to emphasize the importance of spelling English words to students.
English study is a complete system, so we should balance the elements of it.
If we could not spell a word completely, nobody can understand ourselves, causing the function of English as a communication tool.
Last but not least, be positive.
Do not be afraid to project your strengths and qualities to others.
In concluded, self-confidence is absolutely essential to achieving success in any endeavor.
I know that you hope to know something interesting about Chinese Spring Festival.
Above all, The Spring Festival is the most important festival in a year in Chinese heart.
Its importance is similar to Christmas Day in Western countries.
What's more, people usually prepare the Spring Festival in half a month ahead of this important day.
Before the festival, people need to do many things for festival.
Such as cleaning the room, going to the supermarket, putting up the couplet and so on.
Men who work away the hometone hurry home to celebrate the festival.
Finally, during the Spring Festival, all of the family members eat dinner together.
The commonest customs is that set off the fircracker and eat the dumplings.
Third, it is convenient for us to obtain information .
We can see from the picture, a father talking to his son.
The father's words seemed humorous, but this is the truth.
There is a saying in China  doing small things before undertaking something big  .
For example, when we learn English at the beginning, we should master a lot of words, because regardless of the conversation or writing a composition, we need to use a lot of words.
Mastery of word is the basis for us to learn English well.
From these examples, unquestionably, doing small things is the first step of success and will lay root for doing something big.
By doing something small, we are enabled to accumulate experience, master skills and train ourselves to be more patirnt.
Nowadays, with the development of the Internet, communicating with the net friends is becoming more and more popular.
On the other hand, if they are far away from their friends, they used to write letters to contract with each other for they have no choice.
For some people, it only does harm to them.
In their opinion, chat online just make people cold in their relationships.
As a tourist who live in other place, the representative is not our own, but the image of our country.
I am a freshman at Shu Hsien University.
My major is English.
I am an optimistic and ambitious girl.
I am not sure what I am going to do.
However, I expect myself to be a successful person.
So I do everything at my best now.
I study hard and play hard.
I spend much time in improving my English skill every day.
It is lucky of us to have so many ways to learn English nowadays.
After finishing studying, I often go to a cinema to watch movies or read a book, which can make me not only leave the hustle and bustle of life for a while but broaden my horizon.
I have a part-time job at a boutique.
I developed my sense of beauty when I was introducing pictures or decorations to customers.
Promoting vegan diet is the most important task in my life.
I think everyone should respect every single creature.
Animals are our friends and they respect us very much, we should by no means eating them.
I often recommend famous vegan restaurant to my friends and go on street to tell people the truth of what they eat.
Working hard to pass the Tofle Exam is the task I am undergoing recently for I am eager to studying abroad and experiencing new cultures and making new friends.
Chinese learning style can quickly let the student learn something and can quickly improve the learning efficiency.
English impressed us not only is the second language we learned, But also can know the other countries culture and history easily.
Old English is from AD500 to 1100.
The history of the English language began over 1500 years in the north of Europe.
Middle English is from AD1100 to 1500.
In 1066, The Normans conquered England , The conquered conquering the conqueror.
Speak france is a symbol of wealthy, Only the poor were speak the English.
But in the late 14 th century, English became the first language again.
Morden English was divided into early morden English and late morden English.
You can find that English has absorbed a large number of ancient society and culture.
Nowadays, English has developed into a worldwide language.
It is necessary for us to learn the language hard.
Because it will catch up with the feet of the development in the world.
Some people hold the opinion that it's favorable to get up early to work.
Others , however, think quite differently on this issue.
In their view, they are in favor of getting up late and working until late at night.
Firstly, it's beneficial to our physical health.
Getting up early can ensure that we have enough time to have breakfast and do some exercises , which can put a good foundation for a day's work .
Secondly, it's positive for our mental health.
We will be less stressed in that we make fully preparations for our job in the early morning.
In this time and age, the problem of contaminated food have aroused public attention.
Appearently enough, there are some negative impacts which we should not ignore.
To begin with, contaminated food may damage the health of people.
Sanlu milk powder is a case in point, which induce through of baby to suffer severe disease.
If we let this situation continue as it is, our economy will be impeded.
In view of the seriousness of the situation, effective measure should be taken before things get worse.
First and foremost, it is suggested that public should enhance their awareness of not buying some inferior quality commodity.
In the second place, it is essential that regulation should be worked out and enfored to guarantee the right of consumers.
Although there are so many advantages and kind people, you may get some trouble, I guess.
Along with the rapid development of the society, the increasing numbers of problems stir up our attention, one of which is the problem of the fog and hanze.
The first reason is that more and more people have their own cars that release a large amount of waste gas, which contributes to the fog and hanze.
In addition, the wide use of coal leads to the fog and hanze as well.
It is high time that something should be done upon it.
On one hand, people should reduce the using of private car and they can choose riding bike.
On the other hand, the government ought to strengthen effective management about the industry and the wide use of coal.
Chinese government has decided to ban smoking in public place, it will start from 2010 January 1st in order to prevent people from smoking in all public place.
I think books can play a important role in one's life.
When that happens, the world opens.
Reading makes a full man.
Read is a critical part of learning and growth.
I'm glad to receive your letter asking for my advice on how to learn Chinese well.
Generally speaking, yochoosu'd better enter a Chinese Class which is choosed by most foreigners who determine to lear Chinese well.
Besides me, you can build wonderful friendships with many other Chinese that will play an important part in improving your skills.
Also, it is of great benefit for you to read Chinese books and magazines.
Nowadays, with the situation that many college students are spending a lot of time on the Internet.
, people are becoming increasingly aware of the great significance of the issue that whether college students may live in a virtual world and isolate themselves from their friends or not.
One of the primary causes is that Internet provide a new and convenient way for us.
Hence, the appropriate use of making friends can get across to individual closely.
Another reason that can be seen by every person is that Internet will let us associate with each other rather than isolate ourselves from our friends.
Taking into account of all these factors, we may draw a conclusion that it is undeniable that Internet is of great significance .
Everyone has own unforgettable experiences no matter what did they take for you.
First of all, I want to go to a good school for further study.
  That means if you want to get something, you must be paid fistly.
What's more, I don't know how to apply to all the persons who care about me so much especially my parents.
Maybe it wants to teach me how to face with the changing.
Nawadays, the gap between parents and their children is still a severe problems.
Like most people, I and my parents also have generation gap.
They said I would use mobile phone to play games and chat with others.
How can we solve this problem.
I think that the most important is to forbear and understand each other.
The diffrent generations should respect each other and try to understand each other through communication.
If we can do so .
But nowadays, in summer people wearing T-shirt .
In the picture , we can see that a man who in the computer is throwing mines to other people.
As we all know, the computers are becoming more and more general in our daily life.
Online rumors like a mine that is definite time.
Nobody can know when it detonating, because it is hidden in our surroundings.
Online rumors sometimes can do harm to our reputation.
Also, online rumors can destroy our family, career and our future .
In addition, online rumors can screen our eyes and lead us not to see the fact.
As is known by us, there are two types of reading for pleasure and for learning.
Though I always read for learning, I prefer reading for pleasure to reading for learning.
Firstly, reading for pleasure not only can bring me fun, but also it can have a good influence on my families and make them smile.
For instance, if a book is very filled with fun, I would keep it in mind.
Consequently, I can memorize the words easily.
On the contrary, if I read a book for learning, not only can't I get the knowledge easily, but also I would be lost fun.
So I would rather choose the reading for pleasure than the reading for learning.
As a student I need to read the message and I won't give up the reading for pleasure.
In summary, reading for pleasure is the best way to read, which not only can help you gain knowledge but also laughter.
And ambition is about forming our own destiny.
However we need to acknowledge that ambition plays an important role in our daily life, because it is a guide for us to make decisions and choices.
Though he had not a father, he was surrounded by other people.
They tried their best to help him.
He becam unluckily and sad.
Today our teacher in last lesson let us play a game.
First, the teacher requair tha we are intn two gruops.
Then, we are should try one by one up painting.
But the game of rules need we must put on the bilnd pack and ask us can only one pen in the game start before.
When we talk about how arrange the stratgy i obsever our students who are excited.
After the teacher announced the begning of the game, we follow the rules.
After the game although not our group to win, but i am not disappoined because we are very jioy in the game .
With economy developing.
It has common that many students use phones in school.
It aslo help students learn about vast kownleable.
The advantages of using phones are that students can open the mind which is knowledge in the books.
As the provecb goes, every points have two sides.
Some people think it has badeffect on studing .
Our college entrance examination will be changed in 2 years, especially for English exam.
In my opinion, this change is good for students.
We can only have one examination now, and it means that we have only one chance to choose our college.
So, now a new policy will be carried out that students can choose the time and the times.
It's really good news for students.
English is our second language, but we spend too much time on it.
If we can define it as a skills, we may not concentrate on grade.
I got there earlier.
Zhejiang Sunshine Cashmere Co.
I am very interested in the position for a assistant to General Manager that you advertised on today's China Daily .
i studied business administration as my major at Guizhou University.
i am very outgoing and optimistic.
i have work experience in programming and operating computers.
Teachers are very important for us.
They teach us many kinds of knowledge, and tell us sense.
In my heart, good teachers have many advantages.
They all rich in knowledge, kind and patient, and always love to talk to students, often talk many interesting things to us in class.
Sometimes strict and unsmiling.
Good teachers also try to be one of students.
They often take good care of students, and put students as friends.
Good teachers can make us more excellent.
It's my honor to have the chance to deliver a speech here and I am grateful for it.
Of course l am not the only person who want to be the position of chairman of our school's Students' Union.
In the other hand.
If I am fortunate elected l will try my best to serve you.
However, this phenomena causes lots of serious problems.
As we all know, drunken driving not only do harm to individuals but also to society.
Many people were killed by accidents caused by drunken driving.
Though people know the risk of drunken driving, such tragedies still happen frequently.
As for me, there are two main reasons.
The first one is the car drivers usually lacks of the sense of social responsibility.
They did not take life as a sacred thing , being ignorant of the significance of people's life.
Another reason is the government did not take effective measures to solve this problem.
Undeniably, drunken driving is a tough task, which can not be easily overcome .
It is impossible to make such tragedies never happen again.
But with some simple methods, maybe we can reduce the seriousness of the problem .
First of all, the public should enhance the awareness of drunken driving, especially the drivers and people accompanied with the drunken drivers.
When a person drinks a lot , his friend or relative should take place of him, making sure the driver of a car keep a clear head.
Second, some related organizations, like driving schools, should emphasize the concept of safety and regulations of driving during the education.
If everyone be aware of drunken driving at any time, our society will not confront so many tears and sadness .
As is showed above, four young people are having dinner.
However, instead of talking with each other, everyone is playing her or his mobile phone.
The above picture is to remind us of the advantages and disadvantages of the mobile phone.
Thanks to the development of human civilization, we can use mobile phone.
It is convenient for us to connect with each other.
We can use mobile phone to do a lot of things online.
But when we play with mobile phone, we forget to talk with people in the real world.
Accordingly, when enjoying the convenience of mobile phone, we should remember its advantages and avoid its harmful part.
We should talk with each other face to face when we have a dinner instead of playing mobile phone.
We should not spend too much time using mobile phone.
We should pay more attention to the real world.
In my opinion, the generation gap can boost the relationship between parents and childeren .
course , it can also bring badly influence to them .
I'm applying for the postgraduate courses which is arranged for foreign students.
I'm an English major and will graduate this June.
While pursing my dual major, I have maintained an above-average performance in my academic work.
It's a great honor to study in your university.
I have enclosed a resume and I will be available for an interview at your convenience.
When our school announced the performance, Tom is my friend who was at the top of all the students.
I feel really sad and I asked Tom how to study well.
He suggested studying together with him and he also agreed to help me make up missed lesson.
In order to make a change in this terrain.
My aim is to make sure I can make progress in study.
But we can not give up eating because of choking, the disadvantage should be avoided if we take the effective measures, such as establish the supervise and punishment system, or improve the third part which can be managed using market and competition mechanism.
Historically, death penalty, originating from the feudal system, is the epitome of durance and tyranny.
While dating back to 1900's or even earlier, Tang Dynasty, we can easily figure out this sadistic punishment having ever been withdrawn by the governor.
Anthropologically, with the evolution of human beings ascending from inferior to superior, from savage to civilized, we conceived the concept of human rights in which the right of existence lies the dominant.
Juridically, in essence does the law function as a bondage to bind the interior villainy so that the moderation and harmony can be accomplished.
To illustrate, just as we do operations to heal our inflamed organs instead of removing them, so the law should attempt to administrate every criminal correcting themselves.
Providing a criminal was sentenced to death, it's useless to compensate for his error and what's worse, his family could be entangled into multitude of prejudice and humiliation.
As a consequence, the juridical system with breaches of incompleteness ought to be ameliorated rather than undergo erroneous or unfair judgement.
The reader can get the information from the passage Dropping pesos into laofrenda box, lighting votive candles and genuflecting, blessing herself and kissing her thumb.
And Uncle Baby--You go for me, Mama--God listens to you.
The grandmother's care and her faith here indicated that in Mexico society, the people have a firm and sincere faith.
We can read there  Michelle's grandmother is waiting inside behind a plate of thick glass.
We can't play with a girl.
Although it is different from the new world.
Nowadays, the popular concept of owning home as a requirement is driving many people apart as the dream becomes unattainable.
I am Li Yue, a student from Class 1, Senior II.
I'm writing to discuss about the recent phenomenon taht people scribble and litter at places of interest.
And I strongly call on these people to stop.
First of all, scribbing and littering show the disrespect of the wonderful sightscenes.
We come to these amasing places as unexpected visitors.
We'd better do not disturb the host.
What's more.
Everyone has the moral code.
Nowadays online shopping has become a fashion.
And many people are in favor of it.
As we know, online shopping has many advantages.
For example, it's convenient for people to buy something they need.
People just have a look online.
It's no need to go to the supermarket.
However, online shopping also has many disadvantages.
Some people cheat online and commit a crime.
Sometimes the customer is cheat by the businessman.
In my opinion, we should be in favor of the way of shopping online.
But everybody should be aware of the condition of the bargain.
And the goverment should do something useful to protect online shopping.
I'm L.
I want to tell you a message that China will hold the olympic Games in 2008.
I want to invite you to our homeland in August.
Therefore, chinese try his best to sure it successful.
To be honest, I like playing basketball, volleyball and football, but I like playing basketball more a little.
I usually play basketball twice a week.
If you come to China, I will be very happy.
The seventh daughter of the goddess of heaven visited the earth.
Her name is Zhi Nv.
While she was on earth she met the herd boy Niu Lang.
They got married secretly.
But later the Goddess of Heaven knew weaving girl was married to a human, she was very angry and made the weaving girl was return to Heaven.
Zhi Nv was hearted-broken.
On the seventh day of the seventh lunar mounth, the stars Vega and Altair meet in the Heaven.
According to a recent survey, in the last few years, quite a number of college students have developed some unhealthy habits.
There is no doubt that the unhealthy habits do harm to us.
First, the lack of sleep contributes to the phenomenas that some college students can't help deserting, can't force their attention on test-book, and even sleep at class.
So they have to be responsible for themselves because of their unhealthy habits.
At the same time, it is possible that they will be faced with the unfavorable consequences that they don't acquire much knowledge from their universities and lose a lot of fun.
In addition, when they find the amounts of their expenses being fewer and fewer, most students have to take some actions to compensate the short of their expenses.
Therefore, they opt to take more money from their family for ridiculous reasons as a result of undue burden on their family.
Some begin to borrow available money from their classmates so that they break down the relation among students because of getting behind with their payments.
What makes matter more unfavorable, unhealthy habits affect seriously on college students' health.
In view of the harmfulness of unhealthy habits, effective measures should be adopted.
On the one hand, it is high time that college students realized the importance of developing the healthy habits.
We'd better make every effort to formulate a reasonable work-and-rest chart, plan well our expenses, make our sparetime colorful by participating in some leisure-time activities and so on.
When it comes to this problem, different people may have different opinions.
It's conspicuous that Western music is full of energy and Eastern music is full of emotions.
All we know that Rockin'roll and hip-hop were originated in the Western countries.
Comparing with the Eastern music, it's singing technique and music orchestration is maturer.
Well, it's easy for us to know that if two of them blend each other, that would bring a completely new music style.
There is no denying that if what we think come true.
My dream is very small .
But this dream is difficult for me.
I want life in this world .
If I can , I want to be a flyer.
I can fly on people's top.
And I can got any money.
My dream is The wizard.
I want to be.
. Errrrrr.
With the high-speed development of our society, letter, the previous method of communication is not enough contented with our steps.
As the mobile phones development, it replaces the letter , becoming the common tools of communication.
Therefore, the mobile phones are playing more and more important role in our life.
But in my opinion, every coin has two sides, the mobile phones aren't expection.
The advantage of it is that it's flexible of us to related to others, who is in the distance.
Besides, it is also one of the best means for obtaining the knowledge and widening our horizons.
However, there in a serious phenomenon arising in the society, as the changement of our mobile, some teenagers chase the fashion, always changing their phones as well as they can.
There is no doubt that it increases their family financial burden, especially, the less affluent families.
what's worse, the mobile phones like a sword, cutting off the relation with others when we are only concentrated on playing it.
We often talk about life.
This is a very long vacation .
This is a good message for us.
In the first week I and my friends took a soccer competition together.
This is the most happy thing for me.
My friends and I is very like playing soccer and is very good at that.
We won again ang again , that made us so exciting.
After my soccer , my family and I went to travel .
We looked so many of the mountain ang lake that the beautiful.
Someone says that, companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities to the new generation.
It is similar to Christmas in the USA.
On New Year's Eve, We had a good time.
At about ten o'clock, we left for my grandmother's home.
In the evening, we had family reunion dinner.
Still, there is a value to respect which money can't buy.
Firstly.
Renting or buying a house is a common problem in our society today .
They believe that people should have a house where they marry raise a baby , or even die .
Especially for the youth .
Yunmenshan 421 meters above sea level.
Yunmenshan is 7.5 meters high, 3.7 meters wide.
First of all, anxious and panic , due to the lack of structure .
Then they have to probe into their feelings and attitudes to each other with positive attitude.
My school is have four floor.
There are twelve classrooms on the first fioor.
There is a toilet on the first and forth floor.
This is second floor.
This is our third floor.
There is a scinntifie laboratory and nine classrooms.
Helping strangers has always been considered a treasured virtue of human kind, not only because we need help from others throughout all our life, but also because it brings us tremendous happines.
However, some consider that helping others can sometimes put us to trouble.
In my opinion, we should still try our best to help strangers.
On the one hand, everyone needs help from others.
No matter when one travels to others places or stays at home, it is hard to imagine how a man can live without the help of strangers, because nearly everything he uses is made by others.
On the others hand, we take delight in helping others.
In a word, I contend that we should help others.
Nowadays, the issue of help strangers has triggered a heated discussion.
However, some people hold the opinion that helping others can put us in trouble.
As far as I am concerned , just as every coin has two sides, it is true to the above phenomenon.
In my opinion, we should still try our best to help strangers.
On the one hand, everyone needs help from others.
On the others hand, We feel great joy when we are trusted and needed by others.
In recent months, it is becoming increasingly common that lots of people opening a microblog.
It is not only including the stars, celebrities, but also government officials.
People using the microblog can get more and more information about live, news, and so on .
Some people would express their thoughts and ideas by writting them down in the microblogs rather than communicate with their friends or family members.
In my opinion, microblog is a good platfrom for people to express their personal experiences .
When I see the title , I am thinking about whom I write .
In the end , I decide to write myself .
I think it's an emotion belongs to love .
Such as bravery , patience and a little gentleness .
when it talk about bravery , I have never cried in public .
And no matter what happened , I always deal with it bravely and patiently .
As for gentleness , I hardly ever shout at anyone .
Recently, our class English teaching reform has become the group teaching.
Those who hold the first opinion think that the English studying in groups that is good.
In their view, English studying in groups can improve students' learning enthusiasm.
On the contrary, Those who hold the opposite view think that English studying in groups that is bad.
They argue that is not in accordance with their previous habits of learning English.
As far as I am concerned, I agree with the first opinion, First, English group learning can the learning enthusiasm of mine; Second, English syudying in groups can enhance communication among members, to promote students to friendship; The most important of all, We can learn English better and increase the English scores.
With the development of the internet, everyone accept a new way to making friends, communicating with others.
On cyber love can give many persons a sense of mystery, many people like this feelings.
gives us the happiness, have many friends.
In my opinion , I think, from through the Cyber Love , we can find the true love .
first feelings are very important, even it can have effects on the future.
Everyone has the power to look for the true love , when you intend to find it , you should pay more attentions, because each person has one true love only .
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
  My early failure made me even more hungry and determined.
Nowadays, many students at learning English don't pay attention to spelling.
They consider spelling is just writing, it has nothing to do with learning, woking and so on.
In my opinion, there are several seasons lead to this condition.
First, students are not take care of spelling which they think is little importance.
Secondly, with the develop of technology, more and more electronic products arise, in a way, it instead of spelling and reduce the chance of spelling.
In order to change this condition, as far as I'm concerned, it's the key to have a good attitude.
Meanwhile, pay more attention to spelling.
Soaring the number of spelling is also necessary.
Teacher in the class should require students.
As we all known, everybody needs his room to live.
For this reason, the price of houses that was built in the urban districts is more and more expensive.
In addition, the traffic jam becomes serious gradually.
Confronted with these problem, we can take effective measures to cope with problems.
On one hand, everyone should realize the results of these problems and change the attitude towards that.
Some people think: we are what we read.
No, I strongly disagree it.
I believe that it is the truth, the world will be peaceable.
Reading and practice, the practice is more important.
I firmly believe that practice is the best way learn.
In my opinion, we read the book for practice, someone may doubt why we read.
In order to succeed quickly.
In ancient times, there is a saying talking about strategy on paper.
we often say  what's learned from books was superficial of all.
Practice is the important way to learn.
There are some things you couldn't learn simply by reading and get it could be argued that they are the most important things to know.
As you can see from the above picture , the percentage of colleage students taking part time job increase rapidly.
First and all, stuents have more time and energy to do something except study than they were in junior high school and senior high school.
The second one is more and more undergraduates consider that it is not enough to accept knowledge all in paper , they should know more about the societies.
last but not least , some of student feel they have great deficit in money.
This is my first Eglish lesson, The teacher required our write a composition of my favorite way of learning.
I believe that the way of learning is different from everybody.
In the first, we have to learn to read more, such as, reading English materials every morning is a good habit and also helps a lot.
And then, reading more extracurricular books.
One the other hand, actively in class and outside activities, exchang students in English and flow.
It is commonly thought that our society had dramatically changed these recent years.
However, nowadays people tend to be very cautious of strangers, because they are afraid that helping others can sometimes bring them trouble.
Helping strangers used to be considered as a virtue, It goes without saying that after giving rose to others, fragrance remains with the hands.
To some extent, helping others is helping oneself even it may put us in danger.
Moreover, lending a hand to a stranger often puts us in a vulnerable position for it means trusting someone we do not even know.
I have noticed this special English writing teacher when she come into the classroom.
Intelligence and kindess are her feature.
It's interesting for us to listen her teaching.
She is very slim.
A big smile always on her face, and sometimes in order to increase the classroom atmosphere , she makes guesture to make us totally understand what she want to espress.
Although we have a wild laugh at that time.
we know how imperious that she eager to teach us all her about .
For this part, I am very moved.
I like her teaching method, analysising the sample of passage is enjoyable and worthful.
We know a turth that we only have a short term to get along with.
Making progress is our combined effects.
October 7th, many people were felt very worried, when they knew the great man Steve Jobs dead.
Steve Jobs was a CEO of the biggest mobile equipment provider Apple company.
He was chaperonage the Apple company develop.
I have an iPad2, what it was my father give me as my birthday gift.
Although I used my iPad often.
But I never was an apple fan.
Because.
the IOS(integrated office system of iPhone)isn't support software multi process very well.
On the other hand, apple product's industrial design was perfect.
Usually.
I used my iPad, who I felt so cool.
Whatever iPod iPhone or iPad, their aspect looked very nice.
Those were reasons for why apple product sought after.
Without a doubt Steve Jobs was a successful person.
Obama the president of the USA makes a statement for recall him.
My hometown is Beijing that it is capital of china.
Which is one of the ancient cities in china .
There are many famous wonders and beautiful spots.
such as the great wall, Tiananmen square, Beihai park and so on.
Beijing also the center of politics , economy and culture of our country .
In recent years .
More and more highways and tall buildings have been built up.
people's life get better and better.
I'm sure greater changes will take place in Beijing in the next few years.
Dream in vain on itself say very important.
One can have a lot of dream.
I have an ardent love for the dinosaurs.
I love them, because they are mysterious, violent and fierce.
The biggest carnivorous dinosaurs are Spinosaurus.
They are my favorite dinosaurs.
So, My dream is to be a paleontologist.
It can't make a lot of money, but it's my dream, I love it very much.
I want to learn English for different reasons.
I ever been one of top students in English in my class, which should owe to the kind and patient teaching way of my second teacher in my life who taught our English.
Then, at my senior school days, I wanted to know more vocabulary to understand the lyrics of some English songs and the lines of some movies, as a result of this , study harder and harder help me realize it, I didn't get a satisfy score in National College Entrance Exam.
Nowadays, There are exists an increasingly serious social problem that the mass prefer to compare ourselves with others from brand clothes to accomplishments.
When it comes to comparing, individuals are excited.
Maybe someone says that it can inspire ourselves to work hard.
There are some truth in both argument.
There are a number of reasons why I am not in favour of comparing ourselves with others .
Different people have different life.
And there is no ponit to compare ourselves with others .
what's more, it is likely that we do wrong things because we compare with others with sightless.
It is known to everyone that a university student sold his kidney to buy a iphone.
human always say that comparing ourselves with others insire ourselves to do our best.
Above all, it is not wise to compare ourselves with others .
It is essential that we should be ourselves.
Nowadays, online shopping has become a fashion in our life.
There is a growing tendency for people to select online shopping at home.
Online shopping has a lot of benefits, of which the most important is its convenience.
People can buy the goods they like in the internet.
Meanwhile, shopping online is time-saving, which needn't you to go out.
Every coin has two sides and online shopping is not an exception, it also has disadvantages.
Firstly, the products might be in poor quality because you just look at the products but don't recognize the quality of the products.
In a word, from what has been discussed above, I agree with online shopping although it has many problems.
Our Maths teacher always makes us read books by ourselves before we have a lesson.
As far as I'm concerned, it was a waste of time doing this homework.
The next day, the teacher's teaching speed was so fast that I couldn't take the notes clearly, despite the fact that I wrote as fast as I could.
While making a preparation, the other classmates thought the speed is seemly, and they had already understood all the context during the class.
Finally, we have a final examination.
My mark is so poor that I didn't pass the exam.
Through the investigation of persons age 25 and over.
We can do some summarize.
First of all, compared with those with comparatively lower education degree, people who have received higher education possess considerably wider knowledge, more remarkable learning and research ability, greater innovation and most of all, resourceful social network, all of which are essential to a high-income work.
This situation show us that educating is a worthy investment.
More and more Internet users in china find the fun Online shopping .
China Internet Network Information Center said that there are outnumber 87millions chinese online shopping first half of the year.
It means that there are one fourth of Internet users in China have been Online shopping.
Most of Online shoppers are students and white-collar workers aged 18-30 years, monthy income in 1000 yuan-3000 yuan.
The women Online shopping more than men.
Cloth and household products are the most of things by the Online shopping .
We estimate that the trend of Online shopping will be increase.
The moment I heard the news of new courses.
I made my choice to learn the Contemporary America  , because what the most urgent thing for me is to get a total concept of American society.
Form this cartoon given above, we can see there is a teacher and a student in the classroom.
The teacher gave the students a book.
But the student seemed to be nervous and reluctantly.
The teacher telled the student that Just think of it as if you are reading a long text-message.
This cartoon tells us that quite a few youngsters are reluctant to read literature nowadays.
In essence, because of the current network information is very developed.
Students always used internet to get the information.
They hold that, compared with long contents such as literature.
And the electronic communication tools becoming increasingly widespread, people often get the message such as QQ and microblogs.
More importantly, many students don't like reading literature.
For my opinion, reading literature is very important.
Our history culture is profound, we should read more literature to enrich our knowledge and expand our horizons.
In short, literature is indispensable in our life.
So most of us don't really know how to study by ourselves.
Also, the arrival of a dragonfly on the tip of his rod convinces him that there had been no years.
The only big change is an unfamiliar nervous sound of the outboard motors.
Years before the then British colony was returned to China in 1997, a number of senior Chinese leaders had assured the Hong Kong public that one person, one vote would be in its future.
in a comment in the official People's Daily newspaper in March 1993, Lu Ping, then the director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office, said: How Hong Kong develops its democracy in the future is entirely within the autonomy of Hong Kong.
In modern society, mobile phone plays an important role in people's life.
There is no doubt, This behavior will have bad effect.
First, when you use the telephone, you can't be concentrate on the study.
Therefore, when you need to make a call or send messages, You'd better go out of the room or lower your voice.
As can be seen in the picture, dad and son are talking about the problem of rubbish.
we always focus on the thing lasts a long time rather than a small thing around us.
If we always do things in that way, we should have succeeded, should have achieved th goal we aimed at.
In a word, we need to pay attention to do small things before undertaking something big likes the dad says.
We are very glad to inform you that shipment of the goods under S/C No.
S PEARL .
The goods will be transshipment by MAYFLOWER in Hong Kong.
It will be transaction by C&F.
I'm sorry to hear about your trouble.
You have two mistakes.
One is bad enough that you did not talk to her turth.
you will show your honest.
Your friend maybe did not be angry with you.
The other one.
You should not refused you friend.
In the world.
friend are impromtand for us.
Yesterday is your 40th birthday.
I went home to celebrate birthday to you.
I found your face are full of wrinkles.
Your long hair has become a short hair, you are no longer to dress up, you place all energy on me and our family.
In a word, everyone has their life to think the most important thing.
But he didn't discourage.
So, after a time of failure and injury they finally succeed.
By the example above we can see that an athlete's biggest mission is to win glory for the motherland.
Recently, our school newspaper will begin a part what about western life and culture in order to make us recognize more knowledge.
Here are some requirements about it.
First, you can talk about your life for your middle school, so that our classmates can know more about western life.
second, you could introduce a place where have great nature and can make persons happier.
What is more, your article should have 400 words at last.
We're glad to advice you that the goods in the project of our No.
J-29 sales confirmation, have loaded on S.
S Pearl , and it will be transported to S.
S May Flower in Hongkong .
The parrots are a kind of bird.
They can live for up to 50 years.
The parrots are bright enough to raise your spirits.
In my opinion, the parrots are really cute , it is nice to hold them in a cage, and it is wonderful for us to see them grow up.
Keeping parrots is not only good for us to become responsible person, but also we can learn how to care for others.
He is one of the world's most successful investors and the largest shareholder and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway.
He was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world during the first half of 2008, with an estimated net worth of $50.0 billion.
With a large amount of money, we can do almost anything we are interested in, such as helping the poor, investing real estates, buying luxurious goods, etc.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large oexported order.
People whose foreign is less poor .
In my view, I don't think so.
So, the one of obvious disadvangtages is that pictures can not express all the details consisitently.
Secondly, many people love more summarize imformations, but there are also some people were unqiue, they refuse to accept the second-hand imformations.
A word say  The comprehension of Hamlet varies from reader to reader.
Happiness is home to every day to eat the wife do meal .
The man said to work.
Happiness is a day watching children grew up a little .
The young mother said.
There are many reasons for this problem.
First, students attitude was wrong, they think spelling is not important, so they pay more attention to listening and reading.
But i think spelling is very important.
With the rapid development of economy, various of new technology were invented by people.
First of all, the cellphone is a kind of new technology.
It is great convenient for us to keep in touch by the mobile phone.
Finally, the television is necessary for every family.
People can watch moves and CCTV News on television.
Meanwhile, there is also widespread addiction to technological devices.
For instance, phubbing has been considered very harmful to relationships between people.
In this picture, we can see the young boy is worried about the disposing of nuclear waste.
  Means doing every major thing should do some minor things first.
In my opinion, every major thing is beginning with minor thing.
Many great people such as Rdison, his success was due to he constantly pay attention to every detail and every small thing.
Every his experiment, were stared by prepare the material and data.
As the saying goes, detail decides success or failure.
As for great or big things is built up countless small thing.
As we all know, a lot of people like to watch TV, the TV is an integral part of people's lives, but not the same as everyone watching television programs.
For me, my favorite TV show is comedy, especially Zhao's essay.
Usually very busy learning, but I still would have taken the time to look at his sketch.
Whenever, whenever I see him play skit, I read and feel so happy, laughing happily, you can temporarily forget learning life's troubles, feel relaxed taste.
In addition, I have fun at the same time, I also learned many useful life lessons.
As such, some of his sketches reaction undesirable social phenomena such as exists in the society, ironically danger to society, revealing the moral climate of society, to reflect the other side of the community.
I went to Yunnan Province with my parents to enjoy my summer vacation for the first trip.
I was there for five days when I was seven years old.
We set off from Tianjin to Dali by plane.
We went to Cangshan.
Where the scenery is beautiful, the environment is very good.
He can let me open my field of vision.
It's a controversial question, some people think that doing is more important than reading, and the right book is just an instrument of study.
But i don't think so.
When we are in the childhood, our partents and first teacher told us, the book is the ladder of human progress.
At very beginning, we know nothing about this world, so we read some children's book to know the differences between the beauty and the ugly.
With the time flies, we know a lot of real stories and the truth of every kind of things not only from our text book, but also our right extracurricular reading.
And these books give us energy and dream, and also give us a totally new world that waiting ourselies to search.
Every person has a beautiful imagination about future in his deep heart, and I believe that our first imagination is not from computer or TV, but from a right book.
Finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark within us that motivates us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
And the good books could lead you to see the colorful nature and exotic culture.
Dear Mr.
I'm L, an exchange student who accommodates at your home.
I'm sorry to teii you a truth that i left my English dictionary.
As far as I'm concerned, this is an important dictionary which is of great significance.
It is a value dictionary which was a gift from my English teacher.
She is a kind woman who comes from America.
At the same time, when I came to America, she provided lots of help to me.
when I had to come home, she send me a dictionary to encourage me to work hard.
I left my dictionary at my bookshelf in my bedroom.
Every year in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming go vernment employees.
At first, why have this phenomenon happened.
It's famoused that you will have relatively well paid and steady jobs if you become go vernment employee.
Especially at this social, we have more and more pressure about work and life.
For example this year More than 720 millions graduates from china and they will face the high employeement pressure, maybe many people can't find job.
What'more, though who is have a job marby fired out.
but, the vernment employee not only have steady jobs, but also have good paid.
Second, as far as i'm concerned about, this phenomenon is not good for graduates to obtain job, and will disturb ambition that Young man have it.
Third our governments should have some policy to deal with it.
There are most students study and live in college now.
But most students can not live better in college.
For example, they do not know how to live and study in here and just know relax themselves.
They have unhealthy habits.
Some college students usually go to bed later and are addicted to online games.
So they do not have enough energy to study in class.
And they ofen expend much beyond their ability.
This habit is harm for our health.
We can not focus on our study and we will have less time to do homework.
We will ignore friendship too.
We will forget to keep in touch with our friend, classmates and parents.
And eat junk food will make us fat.
We have to correct this bad habits.
First, we should arrange our own time to learning and entertainment.
We are still students, so study is the most important thing.
Secend, we should have a good eating habit and ensure a balance diet.
If we do, we will have a good body.
I'm very glad to hear from you.
My school life is different from you.
I usually get up at 6 o'clock.
I finish my breakfirst at about half pass six.
And then I take the bus to the school.
The school gate opening at 7o'clock.
The class begins at half pass seven.
We have eight subjects to study in a term.
And my favorite subject is English.
Because the teacher sxplains the grammar so clearly.
And she is a humorous person.
By the way, I think maths and physical are very difficult.
When I get home, I usually do my homework first.
And then, I go over my lesson.
On Friday, we have club activities at school.
And I take part in the movie and literature club.
I like watch movies very much.
This summer my mother and I went to Shan dong travel.
At the first day, we took the train, accompanying many friends, so I would not feel bored.
We played poker together, shared our stories and snacks.
In the afternoon, we took a big ship to go to long island.
I think it was really good.
Gentle sea breeze let a person feel comfortable and ease.
The sea was so rough that the pebbles were washed shiny.
That day, the sea of children was laughing and running.
The unforgettable trip brought me many wonderful memories.
Because it was a world i have never been to, and it was totally different from the middle school which i was familiar with.
First, We should be independent and have the courage to face the challenge.
Without the company of our parents, we would meet a lot of unexpected problems, but don't be afraid and complained.
We must confront the future with optimism and find the solutions to deal with them.
It is fantastic to stand on one's own feet but do not be shy to ask for help.
Second, We should set our own goal, commit to it, and try your best to make it come true.
And for this goal, you could take part in some school systems and activities to anneal yourself.
Third, We should be friendly and kind to others.
Communication ability is very important to establish the friendship between students, if your communication ability is very poor, you will be no good popularity.
Second, communication capability reflects your language-expressing ability , if your language expression ability is very poor , it will give people bad impression.
Last but not least, if your communication ability is very good, you will make more friends, have more chances.
Everyone has his most beautiful dream.
When I grow up, I want to be a singer, because I like music very much.
I like the sound of piano as water.
I love guitar dynamic melody.
I can sing and dance, too.
I think it's very interesting and fine.
When I grow up, I want to be an actress.
I will try my best to practice singing, and learn how to show.
I believe that one day, I can realize my dream.
In my opinion, there is much love around me.
For example, my mum looks after me carefully and faithfully, and my dad gives me a chance to study as well as a warm house to live in.
I have lots of excitement because of the love from my parents.
I feel lucky and comfortable so that I want to show the love to others.
I will be friendly to everyone and give some money to the poor.
And I think a good friend --just like Lucy is like a book--You don't need a lot of them as long as she is good.
For the impact of global warming and I think there are positive and negative.
also produces carbon dioxide conducive to the photosynthesis of plants, promote the growth of the plant is conducive to improving the environment.
On the other hand, global warming causes drought degree and is not conducive to the growth of animal, such as the polor bear foraging period shorten increasing survival pressure.
In the face of global warming, we should take corresponding measures to reduce its negative impact.
However, others donot agree it.
I miss you very much.
key universities in China.
ought not to limit ourselves to our majors.
releated to physics, maths and chemistry.
Second, literary and art are good choices.
As the fruits of human beings, they can teach us how to think how to act and how to become an excellent figure.
When you read Jane eyre and Gone with the wind, you will be impressed by thier self-esteem and equality.
Besides, as we all know, current society is full of money and computers.
Above all, we should choose books that interest us.
Actually, each of us can choose to be a hero .
A hero can be an ordinary person , he may also live in daily routine .
But he would always help others when faced with problems .
I think the most important thing is the courage .
Last but not least, he must has the sense of justice.
My mother and I decided to go to Beidaihe today.
We wanted to take the train to the Beidaihe from six o'clock to nine o'clock.
In the morning, we played games in the beach and it was interesting.
The beach was very hot and the weather was sunny and hot.
In the restaurant, we ate lunch.
Then we took quite a few photos for the Beidaihe.
we go to Nandaihe by the sea.
The new study show that more than one half of Chinese students have low motivation in studying.
Collage students should have studied very hard.
I think there have something caused it.
First, the examination-oriented education system plays an important role in it.
As we all know, Chinese students had faced a lot pressure of enter a higher school before collage.
But when they go to collage the pressure have reduced a lot.
When it comes to study, most collage students believe that they not should study hard, because the campus life is free.
Second, collage students are facing great employment pressure.
So that they pay more attention to find a part-time job.
On campus, many students are very poor in studying.
The phenomenon is that most students think that University live is full of relaxing.
The students not to play is to fall in love, from start to finish book is a little notes all didn't.
Eyes do speak, don't face others usually shows that you feel very inferiority, feel guilty, etc.
However, it is a tragic illusion that we can defend life by taking life .
Everyone is born equal and has no rights to take away the other's life .
Firstly, the government should support the poor families .
Secondly, the social organizations and families should show their love to each other .
We are busy with studies from Monday to Friday Inschool.
With the vacation coming, we have more free time to spend.
As for me, i usually take exercise to keep fit, have entertainment to relax myself.
When i am at home, i always do chores to help my parents.
This all what i do at weekend.
Everyone has a dream.
Some want to be doctors, others want to be scientists.
My dream is to become a teacher.
A good teacher can teach the students lot of knowledge.
Ther are very great.
They work day ang day.
Wheny you have troubles in studying, they will try their best to help you.
So I would like to be a teachr.
I know it is not easy to be a teacher.
But I am determined to study hard.
Along with development of societySociety need more ana more different talents.
But a lots of works does not have satisfactory treatment.
The civil servant give this peoson hopes.
On this issue , different people have different views.
Some people think this phenomenon can help government get better talents.
It will make our government help people do more and more good things.
But others people think this phenomenon will make more and more people do not care they work, them spent too much attention to this phenomenon.
As far as I am concerned, I think this phenomenon really lnfluence some people to choice of employment.
Because civil servant treatment was better than other companys, and civil servant was more and more stable operation than other companys.
Some classmates thought that high school students should get online frequently.
I agree with them.
We thought that we can learn more knowledge and broaden our horizons by getting online.
We can talk with their friends and share some interesting things with them.
Some classmates thought that high school students shouldn't get online frequently.
Because it's does harm to our eyes if we spend too much time getting online.
They thought that students may spend too much time chatting and playing games online.
I think that getting online is good for us.
But we shouldn't spend too much time on it.
Some people think that reading to be extensirely.
I think selective reading or have read.
We should read some interesting books.
Because too many books, We can not all read the.
As to read some interesting books.
SO wo save a lot of time.
Each person choose is not the same book.
They must grasp two cultures.
Mumbling, mumbling, mumbling.
As Victoria says, at home, everyone tells you how you should live your life.
As a proverb says, do in Rome as Rome does.
But, parents will persuade their kids to read some educational book or masterpiece.
Then, having a family party, make old people realize young people are growing up in a new modern way.
Last, we need to learn from other person's outstanding cultural view .
Athletics is extremely important in my life.
My favourite sport is playing basketball.
In the match we appreciate each other and get on very well.
Although play basketball will hurt us, we also intend to play basketball.
netwotk real-name became a hot topic in people's daily life.
extremely convenient that each other made friends .
information.
Real-name have a lot of advantages and disadvantages .
Advantage, It's in favour of communication.
In that real-name make each other no barriers, and can close the distance.
Though didn't see each other , feel very warm .
This is a sign of respect for others.
This also is a kind of trust .
Nowadays people hardly have time out of home.
They are nearly work all day.
Disadvantage, it is not safety .
Some people with others on the information on criminal behaivior.
As far as I'm concerned , real-name system is advisable.
corners of the country.
It make our view more open .
It make our life more rich and colorful.
This year is the 70 anniversary of the victory of the war of resistance.
So this year, the National Day is also particularly meaningful.
From small to large, I want to see the Chinese capital, Beijing.
The first day.
I went to the Beijing zoo.
I saw the kangaroos, giraffes, zebra, golden monkey.
and there are have all kinds of birds.
The most lovely or China's national treasure panda.
The second day.
I went to the Great Hall of the people.
Sun Zhongshan's picture was left in the square after the parade.
To Tiananmen I saw a lot of people to salute the flag.
On the third day.
I visited Peking University and Tsinghua University.
Beautiful environment, advanced equipment.
Out of the number of people who have contributed to the country.
Deng Jiaxian, modern Chinese mathematician Hua Luogeng, Ji Xianlin.
This is my holiday.
This trip made me see a lot of it.
we are the first students syudy on this campus, and it is in built.
The campus is small and has some probiem need to slove.
such as it's study buliding is too little and it has no gym to playing in.
This campus built in the university town, so after class there has a few things to play with our friends.
But the camups is being built, and the Huaiai goverment is plant to buil some hstores in the university town to improve the life of the university students.
And my university will built as a big and beautiful campuin the earlier feature.
I used to look forward to the Spring Festival because of the delicious food.
But now it different.
I don't expect so.
I want to have Spring Festival now because I can get together with my grandparents.
Although it isn't something difficult, my granny often cooks many kinds of food and waits for me.
Not only my granny, but also many parents or family members look forwards the birdnesting.
That's all I know about the local customs and practices.
The most famous and popular of all is jiaozi  .
They're called dumplings in English.
During Spring Festival, every family makes dumplings and eats them.
Then, when Chinese people finish eating dumplings, they will sit together, waiting for a TV program called  chunwan  .
It's a program like a large show for celebrating the Spring Festival.
And when it's 0 o'clock, everyone shout and dance for the Chinese New Year's coming.
That's my opinion of the Spring Festival.
Dear Mr.
I'm L and I was arrived at my home just now.
Unfortinite, I can't find my English dictionary when I tidy my bag.
It's really vital for me on account of it is be given from my favourite teacher.
And it can't buyin China.
I remmember the dictionary iwas been lost on book shelf in your house bedroom.can you send it to me?
SOHO lifestyle is becoming more and more popular in recent years.
As a result , more and more people concentrate on the lifestyle.
There are mang reasons that contribute to SOHO lifestyle .
First of all , the access to the Internet enables people to work at home because of the development of science and technology.
Secondly, people can have a well-balanced life by taking good care of both their jobs and their families which can give them a sense of safety.
What's more , people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisors .
Finally , SOHO lifestyle bring us more freedom and convenience.
I have a dream, My English is no good, so, I want to learn English well in two year in college.
Firstly, interest is the best teacher.
I want to improve my interest in English.
Back some words everyday and will not make students teach me.
Secondly, I will hear some about English articles and watch some TV dream to improve my speaking and listening.
The last, practice make perfect.
I need more practice English.
Nothing would be difficult with practice.
I can see the word everyday before go to sleep.
All in all, there is no fast way to learn English well, except work hard.
l believe the curiosity is vatally important in life.
its influence and contribution are significant.
To develoop the curiosity, First, We should hold the ourselves views toughly ranther than chase others steps.
Second, it is important to us to consider the minute questions deeply.
The curiosity is born of our birth, nobady can ont limit it.
Curiosity can maintain patience.
l believe that more or less we demand patience to master something.
The curiosity is the sourse of the creativity.curiosity can be a driving force to motivate us.
When I go back to the college that I gratuated three years ago, I can not find a friend to chat.
Little by little, we become good friend.
In sparetime, we often play badminton and go shopping.
Icreasing people found the important of friendship.
For another , friendship is the catalyst of our daily life.
To begin with, people in online chat on QQ, MSN and also send micro blog.
In addition to that, the internet will change the relationship between every person.
Through their contact and dialgue they get the email and send email in free time.
Last, in the network it eased people of the burden and save money.
Whether learning or life, we all can not leave the internet.
It was created sensation that YaojiaXin killed a young woman on 20th, Oct,2010.
Yaojiaxin, who is the student of the Music College at Xi'an University, injured three people and a young woman was stabbed .
The families of accident victim screamed for YaojiaXin must be sentenced to death.
Perhaps it's said that a life for life, that's very fair.
But it's essential that some people depend on the rule of law, doing it above the law.
Only afraid of being sold by his father, he was not aiming at the victim, but he was completely repressed by his father for a long time to have an instinctive behavior of compressive.
Whereas the victim husband WangHui said, I insist on that Yao should be punished for murder, not only for paying with life, but also explain to peasant masses and national people  .
So an old saying  Kiss and tell  .
Another example is that MajiaJue killed people just because of some conflict.
As a result, he set foot on the corner, like a hurted hedgehog encasing itself immediately.
Yao's event is a social tragedy.
It's not an isolated incident and indicates that system and society occur some Neurotic disorders  .
If some problems happened about the law, it would tear up the social moral and human relations.
The other hand, this reflects a social and psychological.
Although it seems that make victims feel relieved for this sentence to death, the spectators tremble with fear.
As we all know that the television has embraced around the globe nowadays and there are 72 percent people obtaining news through the TV .
The newspaper usually would give a more careful and deeper analysis for an issue and we can scan the news at any time .
We have more time to think deeply when we glance over the newspaper, in this way we can improve our intelligence .
First impression is always the most improtant thing when you meet people .
Is to do good, to do to get youself, to get other people's things, want to have and share posture, want to have the spirit of willing to serve others.
Life cannot without moral standards, so we have the conscience.
A person's lifetime will experience a lot of things, get a lot, also will lose a lot, but we can never discard is conscience.
A man has no conscience will be spared by social, like WenQiang.
Our conscience must not be at a discount.
system.
We are happy to go out, but when we go to the bus station car, found next to a garbage can which has a bad smell.
Second.
Nowadays, it has become a fashion to shopping online.
For example, it is extremely convenient and comfortable for us that people don't waste a lot of time on shopping to select every kind of shops that they like.
All they need to do that is to sit in front of the computer to click the mouse.
Just as every sword has two blades.
One disadvantage is that the consumers can't see the goods, or try them on personally.
Switzerland is located in central Europe, covering an area of 41000 square kilometres.
The capital city of Swizerland is Berne.
Geneva, a famous country in the world is also in Switzerland.
On the other hand, Switzerland has beautiful scenery so that it is known as The garden of the world  .
It is generally agreed that Switzerland is a develop country.
Everyone has his favorite sport, and the reason he likes was also different, such as it can keep fit or it can support you P.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
My favourite teacher is the one who teaches us physics.
The reason why I like her classes is that she has her own special teaching method and it's said that she has just had a baby.
She is always enthusiastic even crazy in physics classes, as a result, our physics classes are usually active.
I think she really like teaching.
Once I was doing a experiment, and during the experiment I got some problems but I didn't know how to deal with them, so I could only think without doing anything.
At the moment my physics teacher, Mrs Guo, noticed me.
She walked to me, asking me whether I had got some problems then helped me with it very patiently.
Expert analyse said that the civil service exam hot is a result of the rise in the number of graduates since 2008 and a limited number of jobs, with the graduated students more and more, many universities graduated students have a difficult in finding a good job.
Many graduated students choice civil service exam have a lot of reasons.
Firstly, civil services are a stable job and has a steady income.
Secondly, civil services have a good environment in the job.
Thirdly, civil services have a good reputation and has a little pressure in the job.
Recently, the issue of the development of technology and traditional cultures has been brought into focus.
Generally, the strong point can be as follows.
First, the development of technology is vital to promote the progress of technology.
Traditional cultures are passed from our ancestors to us, including much valuable immaterial wealth.
People can benefit from them.
For example, during our traditional festivals, we can do some interesting things such as eating glue pudding at Lantern Festival, touching off the firecracker on Spring Festival.
All of us are very happy during traditional festivals.
To conclude, with the development of technology traditional cultures will not be lost, on the contrary it will make more advance in the future.
Hello , my name is Z .
I'm a confident gril .
My hometown is U province .
I'm fourth baby ofmy parents , l have two brother and one sister, they love me very much.
My favorite subject is Chinese and biology .
I like to play basketball but not good at it.
On weekend, Ioften go out have fun with my best friend or myself.
My dream is become a successes women and make enough money to give my parents a good life.
Additionally, l very excited tabout my college , .
ln college l will learn many things .
lt will be interest, have many chance to test my ability.
Nowadays, many kinds of TV PK shows attracts more and more young people devoted themselves in.
Some even dropped out of school to pursue their dream that to become a star.
This phenomenon lead to many kinds of attentions.
There are quite a number of people who think that these TV shows should be forbidden or change the form.
They also say that what a good TV show do is to let people learn something and then try to perfect themselves instead of misleading young people do what they should not have done.
In my opinion, I do not really like these shows for too many young people are addicted to these.
They can put away their parents , their classmates, even their whole family to achieve their so-called star dreams.
We all realize that language communication is extremely crucial between people.
As behavioral sciences develop, researchers find the importance of speech has been over estimated.
In many cases, We do use body language to communicate with others.
In some case, In terms of people sit down in peace and quiet.
You can know the body language they are using.
Therefore, all the time we should pay attention to our behavior of body language.
In my future I think something is difference from now.
Such as build cultural and lifestyle.
Maybe I will have difference life.
Maybe I will be living with my parents and a cat which is so smart.
And I will go to a university where is good at education and give my some help.
Maybe my lifestyle will be changed I will have a healthy lifestyle.
Lt just my future what I want to be.
Difference people have difference future.
My name is X.
First time when I come here.
I think here is very nice.
Everyday I could do everything what I like.
And in classes, teacher and student could study together.
I like palying computer game.
Simetime, I will also paly basketball.
Football is ok.
Now, I will start my new life.
Students have a chance to chooes what activities they could take part in.
When I was six years old I saw a cool magic show from my relatives.
It is the first time that I have been addicted to it.
As time goes by , my interest in magic slowly disappeared.
But I felt fortunate in finding such a club that I can go on finishing my dream.
After a term of joining school activity, I play a magic show in the New Year's party.
During the school activities, we can develop interests and ability.
This winter holiday, I went to Maldives in order to relax myself and prepare for the study next term.
I tried many fantastic activities.
I suppose that teenagers maybe like diving like me because it is exciting to see beautiful fish and corals.
First, you should stay away from the corals, for you will destroy them by mistake.
Secondly, it is such a bad habit to touch the benthos you see.
As we know, some of them will attack you if they think you want to hurt them.
It is also important to stay in the safe area.
In conclution, pay attention to the words your coach told you before you go diving.
Protect yourselves.
As the exchange centre of personal information on the stage of the Internet, blog becomes more and more popular.
People share their stories and thoughts with others through blog.
Blog can make a colorful life, and it can spread knowledge to others.
It also can develop interpersonal relationships.
It contributes to the development of society, policy, economy and culture.
However, blogs have some disadvantages nowadays.
Firstly, there are so many contents which are vulgar in blogs, which has influence on environment of the Internet.
Secondly, many things in blogs are false, which misleads people.
My name is X and i'm 16 years old .
I have a black shot hair and wear glasses.my skin is little black but i am not black.
I'm more outgoing than others, so i have a lot of frinds.
Taking the bus is better than walking.
One reason is that taking the bus is usually faster than walking.
Another reason is that working is so tired , because of the long distance.
The most important reason is that taking the bus is more relax than walking.
I can listen to the music in the bus to relieve the pressure so l would rather take the bus than walk.
so, I prefer to bus.
Recently, some surveys show that a number of college students download papers from the Internet to save the trouble of doing their assignments.
This kind of academic dishonesty is harmful to the students.
As we all know, it's dreadful for students to download papers from the Internet as their assignments.
The reasons are mainly as follows: Firstly, it will be unfriendly to our studies and we can't improve our grades.
Thus, we must take actions to prevent it.
Finally, teachers should emphasize the importance of doing assignments by themselves.
All in all, it's wise for students to do assignments by themselves for downloading the papers from the Internet as assignment is detrimental to our studies.
I have many friends.
But one of them is Tao yinzhi.
First of all, we have to change our attitude about square dancing.
People, especially the old, they have the rights to join some activities that can build up their body.
What's more, the activities like square dancing can be a good reason for those lonely people to get the happiness because of the communication with others, which is a wonderful way to solve the problem that more and more old people are being left, living alone.
People should have freedom, for the rights of being a man, but freedom also should taken with rules, otherwise this world will out of order.
In this way, square dancing needs to change, the government should take responsibility for it's disturbing troubles.
But as the saying goes, every coin has two sides, we also have to aware the benefits of square dancing, what we should do isn't just abandon, we got to make it become a activities that only have the positive side.
Including finance, taxation, administrative services and the corresponding policy support.
The British philosopher Whitehead said: in the middle school stage, the students who study; at the university stage, he needs to stand up to four -.
  This is the mind to the ancient sages, swan, painstaking in one's study, humiliated crotch, country boat to be sworn brothers, climb mountains, over the grass, to create a civilized China; see our students, can not be afraid of difficulty, abdominal homes, extreme pettiness of character, because of personal desires, bubble net, the unworthy of the field, a time of national peace and order.
I often image what my life will be like in the future.
I wonder if I will be a busy assistant in a big firm and will always be busy with everything.
Although I may be so busy, I also want to live with my family and I think family must come first.
I prefer a healthy lifestyle, so I want to have some spare time every morning to run in the parks.
All in all, I want a bright and happy future.
It is a man's duty that creativeness and a creative attitude to life rather than his right.
Generally speaking, creative thinking depends on human creativity, which reflects people's thinking.
Even though they have their own content and features, this is a perfect unity.
Creation is started from the existing things.
A gifted artist or a thinker will change the material of the hand into a kind of new creative lasting value.
This is what we think about the creativity.
As people say, if the ideas of others seem less coherent thoughts, you begin to find contact, then you are creative.
In today's society, more and more parents take care of almost everything concerned with their children.
In the first place, parents should give their children the freedom to make choices for themselves.
It can give their children more space.
In addition to this, parents should teach their children some basic skills, such as clean their rooms as well as wash clothes.
To be independent is good for the children.
When I was in my middle school, I had a classmate who was not so excellent.
Not the most intelligent as she was, so industrious she was that she made twice efforts as much as other peers.
Unfortunatly, the scores disappointed her predominately.
Nevertheless she never abandoned it.
She firmly confided that efforts would be eventually paid off.
Ordinarily, after 23o'clock she quit learning.
Everyone appreciated her though she was desperately excellent as we expected.
Nevertheless now, she was the preferable student in a crucial institution.
Don't ignore the significance of diligence as it is of great importance.
With high income, they are not only satisfied with eating and clothing and some of them are willing to buy vehicles to make their life more convenient than before .
Nowadays so many College Students is lock social practice.
College student should take park in social practice.
Nowadays social practice has been more and more popular in universities and colleges.
The student should enter social.
Surely social practice has many advantages.
I think social practice can offer students a change to contact society.
In order to carry out social practice smoothly.
Students should first know its objective.
However, this phenomenon has aroused various side effects which need people to pay attention to.
These problems can be listed as follows: First of all, the urbanization indirectly leads to the poor economics matters, which deepen the gap between poor and rich grades to a large degree.
And then the second, it is getting more and more serious that many rural children can not get well carings due to the absence of their parents.
From my standpoint, the solution to the urbanization is to strengthen the economic power of our rurul areas.
In my opinion, a good teacher should be kind and patient.
And the first impression are said very important.
If the teacher have a good impression for students, I think students will love this subject.
And a good teacher should be amusing and interesting, that students can make fun in the class.
There are a few studens who make mistakes, a good teacher won't be angry with them but patience taught to them.
I don't think that a good teacher should be strict and unsmiling.
The most significant reason why I'm dreaming of being a pediatrician is that I think it will give me a sense of accomplishment if I can save people's lives by my unremitting efforts, especially the children's.
Furthermore, I feel it a great pleasure to get along with children because of their innocence.
To realize my dream, I will make a great effort to learn medical expertise.
Undoubtedly, only this is far from enough.
  I see the Russian soldiers .
. .
I see them guarding .
. .
I see the ten thousand.
I see advancing upon.
I see also the dull.
I see the German.
I see that small.
  The Russian danger is therefore our danger .
I do not comprehend.
Nonethelessin ancient China, no real equality between men and women.
Peolpe think that a boy to give birth to girls than good.
The boy can read books and make more useful things.
Nonetheless the girls cannot.
The girls only remainat home.
Today people demand the equal.
The girl's status has improved.
The girl can go to college reading.
They do not only stay at home.
They go out and play with boys.
The girls learn all kinds of technology into the company.
Women and men can become a national management personnel.
Nevertheless between men and women still no real equality.
Women still lag far behind men in top political and decision-making roles, a waste of talent given that their access to education and healthcare is nearly equal, the World Economic Forum said on Wednesday.
The man did some work to women have no way to do it.
Women do not have the strong than man.
But equality between the sexes is important.
In today's China, equality between men and women.
But not the absolute equality.
Mutual respect between men and women is the most important.
It is reported that recently in quite a few universities, some students hire cheaners to do their laundry every now and then.
People's opinions are quite different.
Some think that it's acceptable, but others disagree with it.
On the one hand, they are students not wage-earning class.
They don't have the ability to earn money to pay for it.
Every month, their parents have to give a lot of money to support them.
They are wasting money and increasing the financial burden of their parents.
A penny saved is apenny earned.
On the other hand, students should learn to look after themselves and form good character.
Do laundry is their duty.
If not , it's easy for them to become a lazy and bourgeois person.
In one word, college students shouldn't hire cleaners.
Although we injected fresh blood for our country, we are facing more and more difficult, like going to a school of a higher grade, taking up an occupation, more competitive the environment.
As time goes by, some people think we are prizes competition and demean cooperation, lack patience and perseverance easily discouraged, blind pursuit and desire fame.
But we are dare to challenge, rich creative idea and full of youthful spirit.
When it comes to meet, different peoplehave different answers.
Some people think that, we should shopping online.
On the one hand, online shopping is not only convient but also helpful for people.
We can buy something we need online easier than usual.
On the other hand, it is very fast.
Nowdays, we are busy studying, working and playing, so that we have less time to go out for shopping .
However, others hold opposite view that we should not shopping online.
They think that it is not enough safety.
We can not meet the goods face to face.
In opinion, each coin has two sides.
More and more people will be accustomed to it .
It will be more popular in our daily life.
There is a new phenomenon that some young people frequently change their jobs.
There are many reasons leading to job hopping.
Young people expect high degree of occupation.
They want a good office environment, high reward and a good Welfare.
But we all know that such a good job is not much.
And most young people want to do what they want to do.
For young people, I think it is not a good thing.
But you must know your abilities.
All thing starts from small, working from the basics.
The most important thing is the mentality.
You can learn more to be up to a tougher job.
And you should seek opportunities to voice our opinion in our post.
We should build confidence and interest.
We are planing a bus tour to Fenghuang.
And the particular time will be March,3rd.
Everyone wil meet at the school gate.
When his sons and grandsons heard this, they were very HAPPY to do this and answered,  You are right, we must take actions now.
My first trip place is America.
I went to there when I was twelve year old.
When I got there, I felt air is so fresh and streets is so clean.
American are enthusiastic and kind.
I visited the America's mountains, there are so wonder.
And the America's sea is so clear.
It was a nice day in summer vocation.
Before I woke up in the morning, mom and dad had already gone to work.
After the breakfast, I opened my notebook.
An idea suddenly came into my mind.
During the following time, I swept the floor, cleaned the window and did some washing.
It was exectly 12 o'clock when I finished all the above housework.
However, just as the old saying goes, every coin has tow sides, and so does keeping a notebook.
There still quite a few students develop a good habit of keeping a notebook, saying it's good for their study.
They explain that something which was memorized in their mind maybe will be forgotten one day, nevertheless, if they keep a notebook, they can have a browse through it at any time.
As far as I am concerned, I approve the latter.
The life of people without healthy, a heathy life is good to people.
Finally, to pay attention to the psychological balance.
I have ever stuyed at home by my self.
I as tweeks.
My parents were very worried about teaving me, they had to go away on business for afew days.
I likeed the games so much that Iplayed uatial midnight Howerer next morning .
Iwake up late and .
i could not hand in .
I very tried , so.
I don't Have adinner.
As for my opinion, the lonely life of aged people is poor.
I often wonder why this siutation always happen on our society.
A important reason is that people who is a son or a daughter won't carry out their duty to support their parents.
They always say that they are too busy to accompany with their parent.
Though sometimes they want to accompany with their parents , they have to earn a living to support their wife and childs.
So the aged people always live alone.
Their son and dauguter doesn't want to live with them, even chat with them.
Even though sometimes they falls down at home or they get injured, no one can give a favor for them include their son and dauguter.
So I hope more and more people should spend more time to accompany with their parents.
switzerland is a developed European country i want to visit all the time.
first, i will introduce the country to you.
switzerlan is located in the middle of europe with the population of 7.5 million people, and 41 thousand square kilometre in size.
berne is the capital city of switzerland.
what's more, geneva, one of the most famous cities of the world, is also situated in there.not only austria, but also farance italy are close to switzerlan as well as germany.
because of the beauty of its scenery, switzerlan is known as the garden of the world  .
l'm LiMing.
I'm writing to invite you to be a judge at our English speech contest.
It will be held in our school on April 15.
It will start at 1:00pm.
It is in the school auditorium.
It will spend three hours.
There are ten contestants join in.
If we can get your wonderful comment in the contest, it will be our students' honor.
The world becomes more colorful because of love.
This world is so rich and wonderful.
In now days, advertisements cannot be seen nowhere.
They are surrounding us wherever we are.
Generally speaking, advertisements must be original so that they can appeal to their consumers, which is the most important thing if bosses hope their products sell well.
As far as I am concerned, we should not decide whether to buy a thing only according by its advertisements.
There are many misdirections in advertisements that would affect your decision.
All in all, advertisements both have advantages and disadvantages.
That means that we should learn to find the real good feature and distinguish its misdirections.
Frankly speaking, when I saw the wonderful poem, a smile appeared on my face spontaneously.
However, I could't bear someone ate my plums without my permission, no matter how beautiful poem he can compose.
To pict out the thief, I sat in the table where everyone was assembled for dinner, pretending nothing had happened.
I bought a box of plums.
Though it looked good, some awful bugs were found inside.
  Even as the sound of my voice died away, Jack's face turned blue rapidly, I could deduct that he was the thief and poet without doubt.
Only you have activity attitude, can you study well.
Lastly, it benefits you a lot to take responsibilities.
Every person wants to succed but not all peopel can succed.
We all know time is more inportont live , in orther words time is live .
so we shoud treasure every time that you have .
Many people think time is alway abundant so that we could waster time optionnally.
As these students eyes , they think time is endless.
An increasingly number of students hope for self-improvement, so they choose to pursue graduate study.
There are many benefits of pursuing a master's degree, I summarized into several aspects.
The first benefit of graduate is the improvement of personal ability, the second is the advancement in career positions.
There are several strategies for success.
The first and the most important is to choose a right school.
The second is you can manage your time very well, you need to use some method for time management.
Though there are many benefits of pursuing a master's degree, it is also very challenging.
My friend, Lucy, lives in New York.
Last week, She went to Beijing for a trip.
He went there by plane and reached there on 3th November.
She had visted many places of historic interest and scenic beauty, just like Tiananmen Square, Water Cube, The Forbidden City and Wangfujing Commercial Street.
She was very happy there and also be very deeply attached to Beijing.
There are sevel things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.
You should be attentive onthe Internet and the newspapers because the recruitment agency will offer job openings on it.
At first, you should make good use of the classified information on the Internetand the newspapers.
Logging on the net and reading the newspapers to get some informations about your dream job.
When you receive some job openings you must consult with your friends, relatives and neigbors who will give some advice and opinions for you.
Ideal is a trace of green in the spring.
Some people think that teacher is a hard job, and often worried about student achievement, students can become the second mother.
And you are one of them.
  All right, you decide.
Michael Phelps, a excellent swimming athlet, was born in Baltimore, Maryla, America.
Michael Phelps took on his swimming career when he was ten and exprienced many hardness during his swimming career.
In his 15-year-old, he participated in Olympics game in 2000 and get the fifth in butterfly.
Finally, his dream of getting eight gold medals was come true in Beijing Olympics game.
All his hard work let him became the owner of seven world records.
In my opinion, prastics make perfect.
First wake me up in the morning and tidy up bed.
Then I went out to have breakfast.
At noon, my pupil and I to eat lunch at the school.
I drink milk every day.
I hardly ever watch TV and play computer games.
I hardly ever help with housework and I never go to the dentist for teeth cleaning.
Going shopping is fun.
Because it can make me favourable and reduce.
The supermarket is extremely marvelous.
Maybe it isn't for my healthful.
I also like to purchase cosmetics, cosmetics I like us to buy, when to, I think is the victory.
I feel intensely fortunate.
I hear that you will come to our school as a exchange student next term.
And then, let me tell you something about the local information.
When you come, the weather will be comfortable and the scenery can your breath away.
Besides, our class is made up of outstanding students with kind heart.
We are all hospitable, looking forward to making friends with you.
At last, I have some advice for you to promote the friendship and understanding between us.
Try to fit our life.
We will be the best listener.
At the first we encounter each other, we have met of our minds that we would become the best friend.
Accorging to a figure surveyed by someone that there are an increasingly number of man died of suicide.
In fact, the reason mainly in psychologically problems.
quite a few reasons caused the healthy problem came out.
firstly, more pressure from work, academy etc.
if a man always lies in a nervous station, he must be ill in one day.
secondly, selfconscious are not strong enough to defend other's comments that led to one's death.
everyone has his own characteristic, hence, someone is not common with others.
for this, a lot of accidents happened.
With the increase of chan's population and the decrease of land resource, houseing problem in cities are becoming more and more grim.
There are some reasons for this problem.
First, the land resource is a limit.
become larger and langer.
I think it is very difficult in solving the housing problem in cities .
Some afficial ways should be taken.
In my opinion, we can build more high buildings to provide space.
We can also build houses in the country, meanwhile, we can narrow the gap of county and city.
Besides, we should limit the population of our country.
From my point of view , many families have only one child because of the policy in China, so when their children grow up , most of them go to the universities that are not in their hometowns.
Thus , now we meet with a problem that many old parents feel lonely .
All of us are supposed to spent time companying our parents even though you are busy.
Sometime a call to your parents is chrish for them .
The power of your mind is better than the law.
What's more , it would be nice if the government recognize some interesting activities for the old person , which can let them feel happy and make friends.
In a conclusion, we shoud pay more attention to this problem and appeal people to spent more time visiting their parents.
D which is capital of X province, is a beautiful city.
Please get on our bus, and take care of your luggage, valuable things and all that.
Now, we are leaving ShuangLiu airport on our way to the hotel.
First, let me introduce my colleagues, This is Mr.
Liu, our driver.
experience.
This is Li fan, a beautiful guide from our travel service.
My name is W, my English name is Afra.
You can call me Afra.
Trouble some everybody pulls out his cell phone and write down my contact on the way to our tour you have anything you can contact me and i will serve you.
My mobile phone number is 10000324765.
I'll have it switched on for 24 hours.
During your stay in Chengdu, Mr.
Li fan and I will be your local guides.
Now, we are on the way to our hotel.
Then, I can tell you some history of D.
D is a city with a long history culture.
It is one of the famous history and cultural cities ratified by the State Council.
I am very happy to see you from the other side of the other side of the Pacific Ocean-the Unites States of of America.
I shall do my best to make your trip pleasant.
Tonight we shall hold a welcome party for you.
I holp you will enjoy the wonderful snacks of local food.
Ok, We have arrived at hotel.
When I was yong, my body have been always very weak.
We got off at the bus station.
Therefore we had to ask the people on the road with my heavy luggage.
When we were disappointed and exhausted, a couple came to us.
They said we need take the bus because we got off at the wrong place.
When I heared this, I was so moved.
Then, they sent us to the public bus.
Though it's a little thing to them ; while to me, it's the most unforgetable experience in my life.
Switzerland is one of most beautiful place in the earth which has become a dream destinatian for everyday including me.
The climate there is largely responsible for making the country such a popular tourist destination.
The people there are also being well educated.
The climate is continental, and the temperature is modified by winds off the atlantic ocean.
Winters are cold, while summers tend to be hot and sunny.
What I dream to do in switzerland is skiing.
switzerland is a word ski resort.
As is vividly presented in the drawing that this is a gathering in the era of mobile phone.
Originally, the phone is only for the convenience of communication between person, undoubtedly, the phone provides us with considerable convenience, making many things possible.
As for me, it is high time that we should have more exchanges with friends, less use of a mobile phone.
Only in this way I believe, can we better communicate with friends, and promote the relationship between friends.
It is quite good to study in a foreign country.
I'd like to study abroad first of all because it will make it possible for me to enhance my English capability, especially my oral English.
The ability to speak English fluently matters a lot for English majors like me.
Moreover, I will make a lot of foreign friends while studying abroad, and we can learn from each other about our respective culture and custom.
Also, it will help to change my way of thinking and improve my personality because of the difference of the method of teaching abroad.
At last, it is a good idea to visit the places of interest around or a little far away from the school where I choose to study.
I want to study English for different reasons.
There are three factors accouting for it.
Firstly, English is a internationai language, so it is becoming more and more important.
Secondly, now, perfect english transtors are few and our country deeds us.
The last but not least, I like english very much.
It has a bad effect on daily life and the health of psychological.
In dealing with the reason for it , on the one hand , not only is it closely related to the life of people, but also has much to do with the development of our country .
Faced with the serious situation, we should take measures to change it.
In my personal opinion, firtly, the government should take active and effective measures to deal with the proplem.
Seconed, the authoricy concerned should issue lows to regulate the use of internet.
Nowadays, an increasing number of people have a good command of Inernet.
There are various activities we can enjoy on the Internet .
It convenient for us to our daily since the Internet came to our molden life.
However, with more and more intelligent internet developed, people start to become depend on it.
As far as I am concerned, we should balance the effect of the Internet .
Never let it dominate our daily life .
Everythings has two sides .
But as a child of them, we always haven't say thank you for them.
In China , as we all know, firstly, most people can't express their felling for their relatives, even their children or their parents.
I think these children should't think about it which their parents should do that.
In my opinion, I think all of us should try to say thank you for our parents , we just don't care for any thing which we lose our face or we'll take an awkward situation with our parents.
If you will be stressed about talk THANK YOU  with your parents, I have an idea, just have a deep breath, and relax yourself, well, I hope the college students all have a talk with your parents , and say THANK YOU for them, give them a warm hug .
Because Abraham Lincoln said, Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
What's more, as the saying goes, Chance favors only the prepared mind.
As long as I came home from school which my granma is , she always ready me many good foods , which made me feel happy .
As we all know, love is one of the most essential things in our life.
There is also some love around me.
My parents love me, my friends care about me.
For example, when l had a fever, my parents didn't leave me until l'm felt better.
At that time, l was feel extremely warm .
I would study hard, not to make my parents angry to show me love to them.
In addition, when someone in trouble, l always give them a hand.
There is no doubt that love is always around us and we should find then out.
Roll the dough with a round stick into small round pieces of wrappings, each two spice such as ginger and onion and stir them evenly.
Library is a place where people can study there.
However, their behavior make the meaning of library disappeared.
It can help me do lots of things, such as doing shopping online.
It not only can help me save money but also save time.
Last, birthday gifts normally are given to the person on her or his birthday.
By no means, students will compare with gifts.
In modern society, the internet is used the more and more.
We can read, learn and shop on line.
Even thong, internet provides us with a new manner to make friends and love.
On the one hand, people have to spend more time to make the more and more work in modern society, they couldn't have enough time make friends in real life.
So, a lot of people make friends on line.
On the other hand, on cyber love by the way to make friends is virtual.
It has lot's of unknown factors.
In the picture, an old woman sat in front of a mirror and tried to make up her face to entertain herself.
Woman's shadow showed how lonely she was.
Nowadays, the problems of emty nest old man  has become the topic in China society.
There remain many problems of lonely life of aged people.
The safety is a big problem .
Lonely old man is the ideal target of thieves.
Children moved their home far away from their parents' home.
And they hardly took the time with their parents.
What their children ofen do for them is giving them money which parents don't like it.
Personally, piety is the foundation of all virtues.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming populer among young people who like easy and new ifestyle.
There are many reasons that can contribute to SOHO lifestyle.
One of the main reasons seems to be that people can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home.
Comparing with working at company, people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisers.
As a result, they may feel relaxed and less stress to make full use of their talents.
In addition, it is benefit to avoid traffic jam at the rush hour.
Nowadays, with the development of globalization.
The communication has been overwhelming between chinese and western culture .
in my eyes , I think the chinese culture is being polluted by Western commercialism .
The first fact that leads to my belief is that the foreign film into the china which has a change in the movie world .
Just because the foreign movie looked better than the china, many people like to watched the foreign movie .
Therefore , this is to make the chinese film has a new advance .
In addition , some the western festivals was also into the china and the young people more like the foreign festivals .
For example the Christmas and Valentine's day those festival is being popural by the chinese people .
so.
In my opinion , l think the chinese culture is being by western culture.
but it is not bad .
we can know just because the western culture into our countries this is to make us should more effert to improve our power to prevent this phenomenon .
we has strongly power to pretect our culture which is has a development further.
I am in China with my Chinese friends now.
We do many meaningful things which help me know Chinese culture more.
First of all, I communication with them and exchange ideas each other.
Generally speaking, visiting places of interest is fun in Beijing.
Meanwhile, it's fantastic to watch Peking Opera.
We taste Chinese food as well.
Now Chinese are celebrating a special festival called Spring Festival when people should eat dumplings.
As is vividly showed in the picture , a teacher is handing a classic literature book to a student , asking the student to  just read it as if you are reading a long test message.
Firstly , I believe that literature is can cause the reader to think about things is to let readers read after feelings caused his thinking .
Before the Spring Festival, people clean their house and cook many delicious meals for celebrating it.
Children will set off firecrackers and play together.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall, but Wang Lingling has long straight hair, Liu Lili has short straight hair.
Wang Lingling likes reading and she is serious.
Liu Lili likes sports.
So she is funny.
Nevertheless they are the same as popular.
Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili, but she is not as smart as Liu Lili.
So Liu Lili's grade always better than Wang Lingling's.
They are both outgoing.
They often go out with each other.
Also they went to many interesting places.
Such as the great wall, the Palace Museum and Tian'anmen Square.
In our life, there are many books to read.
Some people think that we should read books extensively.
In our busy world, we always have many things to deal with, so we should have much knowledge to face many kinds of cases.
As a result, as far as I am concerned, we should read books selectively.
I am often busy in my school and I don't have much time to read some books which can't give me some useful information.
It will waste me much time and I can use the time to read a book carefully to acquire more knowledge.
Because of the NAFTA and WTO, the U.
The NAFTA and WTO benefits the exports of the U.
Between 1994 and 2000, while gross U.
S. exports rose 61.5%, imports rose much more, by 80.5%.
Almost every state and sector is faced with this kind of situation, Although the NAFTA and WTO can deliver many new jobs, it can not offset the jobs it took away from the U.
Between 1994 and 2000, the U.
The first one is the the increasing U.
S. foreign direct investment, which improves the foreign production capacity, then results in the rapid growth of exports to the U.
, growth in the U.
The second is the sustained and substantial appreciation of the U.
S. dollar, which encourages investors around the world to build new and expanded production capacity at home to export goods to the U.
As the above suggests, the WTO and NAFTA has hurts U.
The cost of NAFTA and WTO for U.
As a exchange student , you are warmly welcomed to come to our school .
As you know , Tianjin is a city near the Pacific Ocean .
So our weather is hot and rainy in the summer , and is cold windy and dry in the winter .
Besides the two seasons , our weather is always warm in the spring , and is cool in the autumn .
With the progress of science and technology , in our school every classroom is equipped with a computer .
And there is a bookshelf with a variety of books .
  So we are all keen to learn to enlarge our vocabularies and acquire a sound knowledge .
Mrs.
During 2 years, she is an honest man and work hard in the job and devote herself the job duty.
She is good at Engiish and German.
In the wort time, she is work hard, Loyal to their duties.
In the picture, when the rumors turn up, people are in panic.
However, the phenomenon like this often arise in the modern world.
It is no doubt that it caused much harmfulness.
As for the whole government , they will devote much money and do lots of things to calm them down.
They will doing the research to get the truth .
Then they try to convince the people who are in panic .
It also will decrease the convincing degree of the government.
As for the people who are in panic , they will recieve the harm from the rumors.
They get hurt in mentaly and may do something astonishing.
They may not believe the government any more.
With the shed of rumors , they will keep long time for panic.
So, in order to prevent this from happening , we ourselves must obey the foundermental principle.
Today is the Spring Festval.
I went to my grandparents'home.
My brother is still there.
And he is seeing a program called  Runningman  .
At the evening, my father took some fireworks up, and we also began to play fireworks.
At almost 12 pm, I made a wish in New Year.
As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
so in my opinion, after-school activities is very important.
I have a beautiful and friendly English teacher.
She is not high but very temperament.
She would like to a ponytail, her hair is not long yet black elegant.
Her appearance is rosy .
There are two bright eyes on her face.
She enjoys smiling , when she smiles, her eyes just like the moon , at the beginning of the mouth, her nose is flat.
She appreciates wearing brown coat, jeans, and high-heeled shoes.
All in all, she gives a person a kind of comely and the beauty of nature.
Especially I intend to illustrate a thing, that she calls the name of the students in my class, she will call the last word still use to repeat the word, let me feel that she is not only my teacher but also my sister.
Long time no see.
I'm so glad to hear from you.
You asked me about Chinese Spring Festival.
Spring Festival is the most biggest festival in China, just like Christmas in your country.
People over a year of work and begin to get ready for Spring Festival.
Then, Spring Festival comes.
Everyone dresses up himself and wears new clothes.
People who work away from home come back and every family sit together and have dinner.
At the same time, we watch Spring Festival Gala Evening until twelve bells, people set off firecracker at the time.
We stay up all night in New Year's Eve and eat dumpling.
Then, we visit our relative and children usually can get pocket money.
KongMing said a word  Man Proposes God Disposes  .
That is to say you must do one thing, but success depends on luck.
However in my eyes the successful of the things depends on planning.
For example, you will travel to America after a week.
Now you should plan to do with detail arranged.
Of course, there is access to travel weather conditions in order to avoid because of bad weather and travel time delay.
As we can see , with the rapid development of science and technology, we are easy to contact the tourist attractions without trouble.
Such as throwing out garbage, drawing characters on tourist site with liberation, taking photo illegally when asked no photo with definition, useing uncivilized words when speaking and so on.
As far as i am concerned, we should resist the uncivilized pheonemon without hesitation.
which will help us to enhance ourself culture.
what is more important thing is that we should boost the self-imagine on such a civilized society.
Moreover, as the member of modern society, it is our compulsory responsibility to protect the civilization of travel.
what is known to us is that civilization is to travel what sun to glass.
In my opinion, we should make advanced preparations when we decide to travel, make access to know local culture definitely.
when we arrive at tourist attractions, it is extremely important to know the prohibition, which can make us reduce unnecessary mistakes.
Susan Sontag, the author of Beauty, is U.
She showed you things you hadn't seen before; she had a way of reopening questions.
Online shopping bring more convenint for people, some example can give the details of this argument.
Nowdays, people can purchase something they want at home just click the mouse.
So it is important that save people's time.
There are some disadvantages, yet.
Beacuse we can't see the real goods , we dont't know the quality of goods is good or bad .
Based on the above disussions I think that the advantage of online shopping overweight the disadvantages.
Now i will tell you that.
response test.
So they can't do house work.
But when they free, they can help their parents to clean floor.
On the subject of it, many traditional books disappeared as far as we know.
From my point of view, traditional books can't be forgotten and ignored.
Long long ago, our ancestors used paper books study everything, so traditional books is meaningful for us.
On the other hand, China is ancient civilization, so the book shouldn't be abandoned.
E-book for people nowadays is popular.
It can preserve in your cell phone and portable computer.
This is the reason E-books can be read in everywhere .
They can read it in the subway which is crowded and bus.
They can read it even when people are walking.
Have to mentioned is E-books can be read in the dark due to cell phone's light.
But what chilling me is that, more and more people use E-books, traditional books could forget by us.
Days is colorful, more and more developed will appear in our daily life.
Not only should we keep up with the pace of scientific development, but also can't forget the traditional.
First of the time I learn English as I set foot on the junior middle school.
At that time, All of my classmates aren't learn English, In our opinions, It's difficult to learn English.my spoken-English are bad, and the individual word is too hard to be remembered.
What's worse, my English teacher are not very well.
When she started a class, most of the classmates were doing what they want to do, of course, those student including me, so, At every examination , my marks never passing the exam.
obviously, During the last year, the life are not very well.
For my career life, I would take part in the entrance exams for postgraduates schools, so English will present to my life .
My major is Teaching Chinese as the second language.
I have lots of interest, such as singing.
reading and cooking.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I was excited as well as worried.
I was so excited because I can make more friends, visit the school.
Everything is exciting for me.
When I got school, I was so surprised that my teachers and classmates were so friendly and kind.
I didn't feel nervous any more.
School was just like my home.
After the college entrance examination .
some students think college is very wonderful this is amusement oneself's life.
So school should be strict with this thing.
I am a College students, in addition to nervous learning every day, I worry most is the traffic.
Because the traffic is really busy.
To begin with, I take bus.
But now I find riding a bike is better than the bus.
First, the bicycle can exercise, The bus can only standing or sitting.
The second, Bicycle can reduce the traffic congestion, Too many cars, sometimes not bike fast.
Third, it is the most important, the bike is very environmental protection.
Because a lot of private car or bus, car exhaust cause environmental pollution.
Different people have the different ways of learning, My favorite Way of learning is the modern trend instead of tradition teaching, the modern trend is teacher and student exchange together.
We can also understand the article deeply, modern trend makes me freedom.
In my opinion, going to college is a meaningful thing.
Firstly, we can get more professional knowledge and practical skills which can better help students secure a job position in the future.
Secondly, going to college is useful for us to improve our accomplishment.
We can form a good quality and take in more thinking method.
At the same time, we can form a perfect system of values.
In this picture, the boy said that he was worried about disposing of nuclear waste.
His father told him if he can empty the dustbin here, he can do anything.
Everyone has a dream.
And everybody want to be a great man.
But super- is just a legend during normal people.
Ford is the fonder of his company.
When he graduated from school, he was upset after he had applied for a job.
He came into the office that the chairman worked in with the thinking Take things as they come  .
But he saw a waste paper and picked it up as soon as he got into the office.
The chairman hired Ford without any other reasons.
Details determine success or failure.
We must do our best in everything and study in small things.
Love is a kind of emotion that somebody show to the certain person or things.
Love can warm person's heart.
A mother kisses the baby's face, a father holds the whole family responsibilities on his shoulder, sisters share happy or unhappy things with you, brothers always trust you even if all of the person don't believe you, friends try their best to help you when you are in trouble, classmates smile to you on campus, girlfriends look after you when you are sick, colleagues work together with you, and etc.
I think these suggestions can make schools safer, and it can help students and teachers to save themselves.
The dark one looks like her mother.
She is a little taller than me, with long brown hair, and she wears a pair of white glasses.
She has two big bright eyes and two big ears.
She is very friendly and genuine.
She's good at playing Chinese zither.
She also likes singing, and we took part in a singing competition at school last year.
She has a sweet tooth as well, just like me.
People's opinions about it vary from person to person.
As far as I am concerned, I agree with the former opinion to same extent.
I think knowledge is the foundation of creativity.
For instance, if you never learn English before you couldn't write a creative composition in spite of how many creative ideas you have.
We have to admit the fact that most of us learn the knowledge of it, then we are good at it, finally we can creat something new which others didn't think of it.
No one can deny the fact that creativity is needed in our society, however we must have some basic kowledge firstly.
It 's a suitable time for us to learn more knowledge in our school.
Chengdu is the city I like the most in all the city I have ever been to in China.
It is known as the heart of the West in our country.
Mild climate, four seasons, abundant rainfall this all together make the city a very suitable place for human living.
As a cultural city with more than 2000 years of history, this city has many attractions, more than 216, such as cottage of Dufu, Wuhou Temple, the Wangjiang building this are known in China and abroad.
Wuhou Tample is famous for Zhuge Liang and Liu Bei.
That is the only tample for both of them, is the National Museum of the remains of Sanguo with the greatest impact.
It was established in ad 223, mainly by Hui Ling, Han Zhao Lie Tample and Wuhou Tample of three major parts.
Chengdu is home of drama.
As early as the Tang dynasty it had been considered that Sichuan Opera is best all over the world.
When Qianlong is the emperor of the Qing dynasty, Sichuan Opera was developing based on local opera and forming it's own character.
Sichuan Opera's words are lively, humorous, full of vivid color.
Such as .
A common conception among Chinese teachers and students is that students should do written homework after returning home.
It's believed that doing written homework functions as a kind of revising and helps to enhance the impression of new knowledge.
Yet we also know that written homework is sometimes burden to students.
When it comes to homework, if you were an American student, you may tell us that you need to enjoy a piece of music or prepare a lecture to deliver in front of your class.
However, if you were a Chinese student, you are very likely to tell us that you have to do written homework such as doing Maths exercises or writing an essay on a given topic.
Dear Henry, I'm glad to hear from you.
I got to know that your favourite teacher is Mr.
Green.
She is my chemistry teacher.
During my first month at High School, I met many new teachers and students.
But the teacher I like best is my chemistry teacher.
She is not only strict, but also warm-hearted.
I failed in the first exam.
She encouraged me a lot, and helped me with my study as well.
What's more, I love her teaching methods very much.
Because of her help, I make great progress now.
I think she is one of the most fantastic teacher I have ever met.
I felt warm and aggressive with her.
During the three years we will struggle together, we will get on well with each other.
Love is an abstract concept, which we can't see or touch but feel it.
Love is so special and precious that anything else cannot compare with, It has a strong power that can changes the world.
On May 12th in 2008, there was a big earthquake in wen chuang, many people dead and a lot of children lost their families, They become homeless.
If my foreign friend come to visit my campus.
I am going to take her to loose purple mountain.
Because it is a national level four scenic spot and the loose purple mountain from our school is very near.
It is very beautiful scenery.
In particular is very real people cs stimulus.
If my foreign friend come to visit my hometown.
I am going to take him to take a look at the rice fields.
If my foreign friend come to visit china.
I am going to take him to the Forbidden city.
Because it is our chinese culture of the hall.
there are also old building have beautiful scenery.
It is to be sure that changes are taking place and will take place in our life as a college student .
It is to be sure that certain developmental changes will occur in our life as we move from adolescence to young adulthood.
When enter college, students will meet a variety of people.
To get along with contemporaries , we should determine our daily agenda, choose our own wardrobes.
Our father and mother don't help us any more.
When we at home , parents could tell us what should do and what is suitable for us.
We are all like birds grown in birdcage that cannot fly any more.
Now peers interact with everyone , we would enter in the work world, we would make money for daily food, we would share our experience with our schoolmates.
Though, inevitably, we will feel frustrated but in a way we don't allow us to cry in public .
The more people and thing we handle, the more experiences and thoughts we receive.
When we enter college we will find our world is expanding and new options are open for us.
The campus which is full of magical, our college students' values and moral will be doubted by ourselves.
It is important to know how people perceive ourselves.
Confidence is one thing we lacked on our college days.
Now, I hope you have some idea of the Chinese Spring Festival.
Presents and dinners provides a channel through which we can celebrate the happy reunion of friends and relatives.
The 9.11 assaults were a series of coordinated suicide attacks by Bin Laden up on United States on 9.11 2001.
Most Americans consider it is the worst day during their lifetime.
And now, here comes the news , a specific credible threat ahead of the 10th anniversary of the 9.11 assaults.
This maybe a bad news for most Americans.
I think this news may caused by Bin Laden'death.
His death is the victory of justice and peace.
In today'world, the biggest power comes from peace.
No one want to live in a country which is not safe.
And no countries can develop their economic during war-time .
We need to remember this day.
Just as Bush said:  this is a day all americans from every walk of life unite in our resolve for justice and peace.
America has stood down enemies before and we will do so this time.
As far as I am concerned, whether our destiny can be successful or not, it determines what our ambition is.
We do not choose to be born.
We do not choose our parents.
We do not choose the country of our birth.
But we can select how we shall live.
If you are in the poor family, you must try your best effort to garbing the professional skills or acquiring the major knowledge.
  Hardly can we find any great people we know ambition when they were young.
An ambition is a vital importance to one's growth and success.
On the other hand, an ambition is the target of one's life.
Once you decide what your ambition is, you know where to go, and which way to take.
Otherwise, you might be puzzled in many things in your life.
On the other hand, an ambition is like the engine of the vehicles.
The main character is Sydney White, a beautiful unusual girl.
who has lost her mother's care because her mother is gone when she is young.
Her father is a plumber, she grew up in the family of a building worker with her father and her father's friends.
One day, she got a college notice, which college her mother stayed before that made her feel excited because she can hold the same memories with her mother.
Her mother was a leader of kappa, A girls group.
True girlship is disappeared in  this kappa group nowadays.
A girl named Rachel controls the kappa now, her possessiveness, jealousy, and protectiveness are  little high.
Fight against with Rachel's suppress make she became the top topic in college.
I find there are some students being on the hop.
They don't like to listen to the English and they want to have more rest.
As we know, it is important for us to listen to English.
Some reasons lead to it.
First, they want to more time to do other things.
For example, they can play game online together.
They think it is funny.
Secondly, sometimes they don't want to get up in the morning.
If the listening is easier, they can listen better.
It can solve this problem to cut down time.
Second , we can not afford to lose our youth , as time goes by , we become older and older , no one can keep his youth forever .
The second, As a classmate, I need to care about my class and help somebody to solve the difficult, I need more and more friends and a girlfriend to enjoy my life.
I must face some difficult.
College students have been a hot topic in modern society , however, college students are lying in having a lot of problems .
Part of the students are unhealthy habits .
Comparing to other presses, our press is widely known for reliable quality and reasonable prices, rapid shipment of products.
Presently, our press ranks 38th among the fortune 500 companies.
In recent years, our logistics books leads the way in global sales.
As important, we offers a 10% discount to the comprehensive universities in return for a speedy sale.
The expiration date is 9/2014.
At the same time, we have lots of humanized serice, such as home delivery service.
In short, we guarantee that it will be the world's best serice for you.
We are pleased to inform you that our Order No.
As we all know, online shopping has now become a new style of shopping methods.more and more people participate in this fathion line.
what the reasons results online shopping so popular are it is very convenient for every kind of person and it provides lots of things for us to select and buy.
English is a necessary part of chinese student's compulsory subject, but nowdays fewer and fewer students pay attention to their word-spelling.
Secondly, most of student to learn English is to speak it and pass the examination.
As we all know, part of the Internet becomes more and more important in society.
Particularly in the education, each school is using multimedia.
Since the advantages of Internet, we can search a lot of teaching video .
And we can discover the answer of question from Internet simply.
At the same time, the Internet brought the self-study students greater benefits.
But, I don't think so.
On the one hand, my points are that if students found question, teachers can not be resolved instantly.
On the other hand, we can not guarantee the operation of the computer has been normal.
However, many people opposed.
No matter what, network education becoming a part of our learning is necessary.
For instance, optimistic spirit has made Helen Keller a great woman writer and confidence has helped Obama win U.
Just as a saying goes,  Actions speak louder than words.
as we know, the relationship between teachers and students are complicated.
As far as i know , students spend much time on games and movies .
There are some solutionsto the problem.
I think that schools should take some measures to stop it.
Schools ought to check che number of students strictly every evening.
As students, we must have serious attitude on evening study sessions.
I'm afraid I can't agree with it.
I know some countries and regions have already abolished the death penalty.
And some others are trying to stop this punishment in law step by step.
And They believe that is a sign of civilization and shows their caring and consideration for people's lives.
First, I have to make it clear that my support in the death penalty doesn't mean we could execute a criminal rashly.
And of course, I know death penalty means sending people to the sword and it is very cruel.
But for now, we still can't make better way to take place of the death penalty to stop the grievous crimes.
And the one single , irrevocable purpose is to protect our society and keep it safe.
Currently, we have to admit that our society is not so civilized that can be ruled only by people's moral standards.
And I'm afraid that if a convicted murderer only need to live in a cell with free meals supplied, the law would not be powerful any more.
Death penalty is not only a punishment to a person, but also a warning and a heart-saving to the public.
They would retain themselves, and the innocent civilian will have more security if only they know the law is fair and strict.
We all know that the best way to stop crimes is education.
But it takes long time.
And before our society become civilized enough, death penalty as the extremely serious law is still an acceptable punishment.
I am glad to receive your letter.
Our activities are always held in every Friday afternoon at half past three and end at five o' clock.
We have so many great ciubs that you may feel difficult to choose one which you like from them.
We have science club, drama club, sports club, music gloup, English corner and etc.
Now I think you really want to join us, all of our clubs are free to choose.
Summer holiday is the longest holiday in a year.
I climbed many mountains during the summer.
One of the best experience was climbing the Great Wall.
The Great Wall was bulit many years ago.
Our ancestors built it to defended the enemies.
Many young people died because of building it.
we often say that the man who didn't climbed the mountain isn't a hero.
So it is very tiring for me to climb the Great Wall.
The day was very hot when I arrived at there.
I was so tired that I felt I couldn't take a breath when I climbed it.
But I persisted in it.
Finally, I reached the top of mountain.
I was glad that the sightseeing in the mountain is so beautiful.
I saw the trees, flowers, birds and so on.
There are even a river on the mountain.
I took many photos.
I learned that we should try our best to do everything.
Nothing is impossible.
I actively take part in many after-school activities.
For example, I join the dance club of our school.
I dance with other dancers here.
We can also exchange experience and learn more from others.
It helps me a lot.
I do some sports after school, too.
I'm interested in play volleyball recently.
I'm not very good at it but it make me relaxed.
What's more, I sometimes watch some English plays and films.
As a teenager of the new century, we should know the fact that the cigarette has the bad effect on our body, such as it can cause high-blood disease and the heart-attrack, what's more, it can kill ourselv-es.
Maybe because of the curiosit-y .
When others are smoking, it is likely that we wonder what his feeling is.
Of course, the second reason is the effect of the advertisement, more and more teenagers are absorbed in its effect.
However, whatever the reason is.
We should take our future into consideration.
Second, reading books make our clam.
Last week, I got the pocket money from my dad because I won the first prize in the piano contest.
Dear Mr.
I am Li Hua.
I had a good time in your home when I study as a changing student in an American school.
And I remeber that you take me around America.
But I find my English dictionary is forgot bringing.
I wish you can sed it to my home.
Because it is that my teacher send as leaving present.
Most importantly, I think it is very precious.
The dictionary should be on the bookshelf in bedroom.
Nowadays, we know the nature resource is dying.
There are many lights in the side of road.
Some of them need not to use.
To create a conservation-oriented campus, we should suggest the leader of our school that we don't need mang lights in our campus.
So, we could save the electric energy.
On the other hand we should save our water wherever.
To compare and contrast the To kill A Mockingbird film vs the book.
The book is better, but watching the movie also enjoying.
There were three differences that stood out, the absence of characters, the differences scenes, and an actor to characters comparison.
The book to the movie there is a clear difference but the morals are all still the same.
From the book to the movie thee were characters missing some importat that wasn't there was Aunt Alexandra she was the whole be moe like a girl role model for Scout.
A charactor in the book that wasn't in the movie was mr.
From the point of traditional, holdden seems to be a real rebeilious children.
He doesn't love learning and love fighting.
He feels this world boring, don't konw the target and not the love of life.
own or do we, the whole world for his neglect.
His parents only konw just his miserable test scores.
His teachers that they're not taught him when he is in the face of setbacks do just keen on his mind mathernatical formulas, poetry.
I think every child in the eyes of an adult's meaning is more the children miles on the face and hand and hand with joy.
Illness and suicides is easy to take away your life as well.
Start: The story is about Miss Emily 's life with full sadness .
Miss Emily undergos her father's death and is bothered by tax .
Conflict: 1.
In the summer hoilday, my parents took me to Beijing.
We stayed at Beijing Hotel.
On the first day, we went to Great Wall.
The Great Wall is very long and old.
It has long history.
Lots of people from different coutries like climbing the Great Wall.
We also went to Palace Museum.
Ming Emperor and Qing Emperor used to live here.
The Palace Museum is large and amazing.
We ate Beijing Kaoya, it tastes good.
We all like it.
The following days, we went to Bird's nest, Tian Tan, Summer Palace.
So when taking examinations, some students sometimes cheat in order to get better results to please their parents and teachers.
In my opinion, it is wrong to cheat in examinations because it break the rules of schools.
Cheating is an ethical problem.
In my side, there's a lot I beloved person, parents, teachers, relatives and friends.
Nowadays, a increasing number of museums opened freely.
Many people fell curiousness about this situation.
I think the reason is they want to get more people to go to the museum to look, and known more about the history or chinese's old culture.
In the frist, open the museums freely is a good thing, it can help us know more about our country.
But on the other hand to consider, open museums freely will bring out some questions.
Frist, beacuase we can look the relics freely, so , there will be many people go to the museum .
In my opinion, i think we should collect few money as gate receipts.
Like this, people can afford the low price and the will also protect the relics initiatively.
In modern University schools, there are various students.
Some of these have success in doing ever-thing, while most of these always have problems, in their daily life.
Leading to these phenomena is that they lack confidence.
When we are faced with difficulties, we should wrestle with it, rather than escaping.
First of all, not only must we be ourselves, but also we should bravely undertake our duties.
Then as we all know.
The failure always couldn't be avoided, if we fail, we shouldn't be pessimistic.
Meanwhile, it is important that we elvish ourselves by knowledge.
As long as we have abundant knowledge, we will have abilities to solve the problems.
College student's have mush spare time, we should make full use of the time.
When all the above-mentioned factors are about how to be confident on canpus: believe ourselves, try our best to do everything.
As is known to all, books are the source of knowledge.
Some people hold the opinion that reading selectively will more suitable.
In that, it not only obtain more effective, but also can save more time to read another book.
On the contrary of the idea above.
They think they can get more different sense from it.
And also they may find the more chances to adapt to the society.
In my eyes, I prefer to read selectively.
I have studied in High school for one months.
When I first went into the school gate and saw my new classroom and teachers I thought I would have a new start.
Our teachers have taught us a lot.
Many teachers all have different personality.
Among all the teachers, I have a very specially teacher, who is my English teacher.
She is young and qualified.
She is always patient, and never tired of helping her students.
She is good at teaching and organized her class well.
Her method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.
She corrected our exercises promptly and carefully.
With her help, all of us make rapid progress in the learning of English.
As is known to all, the majority of people regard that women are not as smart as men.
However, nowadays, more and more women appear to be outstanding.
Nowadays, most people think that women shouldn't appear to be as smart as men.
impression on me is that boys are always look down on girls.
However, more than one person opposes this idea, For instance, Madame Curie is great grand and she made great achievements.
She is so smart that we all admire her so much.
And government keeps cooperating with tea farmers to develop new kinds of tea.
Recently, there are lots of fake teas in China which add some drugs or chemistry thing to enrich the smell and taste of tea.
They put score on the color, smell and taste of tea and elect the annual champion tea.
Nowadays, more and more college students have difficult in hunting job.
For this phonomenont, we have a heated discussion.
First, college graduates lack of experience and proffessional skill.
Secondly, some of them does not satisfy with the treatment which the business offer.
And then, many of them think the job is tedious and lack of challenge.
To change this situation, I think we should take the following measures.
First, as a student, we not only study our proffessional knowledge at school, but also take part in some job trainings.
For example, we can take a part-time job when time is available.
Secondly, as the people of new type, we should not require too hight.
Besides, we should believe ourselves and the busness.
Finally, we must prepare job hunting in advance.
I have a gond room.
It's very big.
I'm tidy.
My keys in my schoolbag ahd my schoolbag under the bed.
My computer on the desk.
I have a big bed.
I have a clock.
it's on the desk.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our questions were about studying watching playing helping and exercise.
We find that forty percent of our students studying by themselves at home.
And twenty-five percent students watching TV or listening to music on weekends.
We all know that many students often go online, they always playing games and talking on the QQ or E-mail, but most of them are playing gams on computer.
And only ten percent helping their parents to do housework.
After several hours' driving, we arrived at our destination, Northeast Normal University.
I begun to realize that this is the very place where I will spend the most valuable 4 years of my life the moment I saw her.
Three months ago, I finally completed my 12 years' study.
I had just said goodbye to the stressful years in my high school and then I came to the university which is famous for its reputation in the educational world.
I've been here for a month and I find there're many differences between high school and university.
Firstly, when I was in high school, my teachers and parents always guided me to do so many things that I needn't worry about anything.
But in the university, there's nobody telling me what to do and how to do.
I must handle everything on my own and learn how to arrange my time properly to make my life more meaningful.
Secondly, when I was at home, my parents always prepared everything well for me, but now I should learn how to take care of myself.
Now, here I am.
On my last holiday, I went to England with my parents.
We arrived by plane.
It was very late when we got there.
We stayed there for three days.
The food was delicious.
It was really beautiful.
Now, there is always someone fainting in the street but most of the people will only see but doing nothing.
During a break of February a student fainted.
As soon as some other students saw this, they called for help and sent her to the hospital at the first time so she got treatment just on time.
This could not only let us but also other people learn the importance of helping others, the people who always help others could also be helped when they are in trouble.
They can choose majors on their own, which means many of books can be read with their own interests.
College teachers' methods of teaching is very different from high school teathers, so is the study goals , college study pay a lot attention to develop students' critical thinking ability .
Secondly, it really took a long time to adapt my college study , We have lots free time, I hesitate to study.
At that time, time passed flies.
Fortunately, my sister gave me a lot of advises.
She told me: you'd better set a schedule and try your best to complete it.
My father is so patient with me all the time.
When I was yong , he showed so much patience to me.
I was so clumsy , and always did things carelessly.
He did not show any angry.
I always fell down the bike , he did not let me stop it.
Instead he looked at me with smile on his face.
As the age increased, my father seem showed less patience to me.
But I know, he wanted me to become independent.
However, my father is still concerned with me, and I still depend on him.
Although, he did not say that.
As far me, I think it occurs to have many reasons.
For example, Edison was the greatest inventor when he tried to invente the osram.
I firmly stand behind the belief that life is the greatest teacher  .
Life without learning is better than learning without experience.
As we all know, everything has two sides, shopping online could be good or bad idea depends on a couple of things.
There are many advantages.
Firstly, shopping online is very convenient and advantageous, you can buy anything that you need without going out.
The result is that you can save a ton of time do anything you want to.
There are too many disadvantages.
Firstly, shopping online is that you have to wait.
Secondly, the consumer cannot see the goods, even though they do not know the quality of the goods.
Maybe this is the biggest problem.
So do I.
I get love from my parents.
My breakfast is prepared by my mother.
When I eat delicious food, I feel I'm so lucky that I have love from my mother.
And my father sends me to school every morning.
When I walk with him, I'm proud because of my father's love.
My parents always give love to me in the silence.
Now, I'm going to prepare a thanking letter to show my love to them.
Love fills with our daily life.
Everybody is to much happiness.
I have many happiness to my life.
I play sport with my good friend and do housework make me very happiness.
My mother give my life I was very heel happiness.
The switzerland has an area of about four point one square kilometres that located in the middle of Europe with a population of seventy-five million.
Actuaaly, the majority of people think it is not so good for students to do this .
Reflecting in another way , if teachers evaluate their students .
It sounds a foul dead.
On the other hand, teacher should be respected .
To be a anventurer is my dream, because I love adventure, and I want to enjoy the world's most spectacular and beautiful scenery.
There's no need for us to waste our precious time and energy on going out and looking into each and every window attentively to find the commodities, but waiting at home and receiving packages.
That means, we won't recognize the size, color, or the quality of the real items with several photos of them until we pay and get the items.
It is terrible that the pictures, which are claimed to be the live photos, may be fake.
The world is big, but we couldn't always walk.
Sometime we need stop walk.
I like reading.
Because I always think books are human's ascensive a ladder.
For thousands of years, we rely on the books to obtain knowledge.
The book of human progress has a great coutribution.
I like reading novel.
I like many stories in the novels.
Everyone is different.
Sometimes our daily life can start to feel dull, dry or depressig--I know it, you know it, we all know it.
At times like this, I like to drive into a good fiction book for a much--needed escape into another world, where I can fofget about whatever problems are stressing me out.
Whether you want to travel to the land of the Hobbits, a galaxy far away of a tropical destination in a steamy romance novel is up to you.
All in all, , we should get up early instead of get up lately.
my paraphrasing: Rebellion of children at their twenties flourished in daily life.
They tent to break the normal rules, and some even against the law.
However, this anti-traditional trend was not all negative.
Some new styles of music were popular among young people such as jazz.
Women changed their hairstyle and dress style so as to rebel against custom.
Or, as an English proverb goes, 'If there is a will, there is a way.
At the first class, the teacher with her gentle voice explained HellenKeller ---THE MOST IMPORTANT DAY IN MY LIFE TO US .
After the teacher explained, from her bag and took out the two eyeshade and a picture of a pig .
She put the picture pasting on the blackboard .
My maths teacher in junior high school was an extremely talkative person; on the contrary, my English teacher was a quiet person.
The first time our maths teacher met us, she said that she had made lots of students succeed, and was going to make us get high score in the subject.
Never had I saw such a confident teacher who could promise the good mark.
Compared with her, the English teacher didn't say anything about her achievement, but we all knew that she was a senior teacher.
They taught us in the bottom second term.
What mattered were our scores.
To our disappointment, maths teacher didn't live up to her promise.
So unfavorable our scores were that we almost felt discomfortable.
Without a word, the English teacher gave us a real shock.
As a proverb goes, confidence in yourself is the first step on the road to success.
In addition, we don't have to be afraid of mistakes or failures, for we can learn from mistakes and Failure is the mother of success.
Remember to encourage ourselves when we lose confidence .
Here is a difference between science and technology.
We're delighted to hear that you are coming to our school as an exchange student.
Welcome to our class.
In comparison to America's humid, China's fall is dry but gorgeous.
With a crowd of slight wind blowing over, you'll get lost in the golden leaves rain.
If you have watched A Bite Of China  , you'll be acquainted to the wonderful taste of Chinese food.
As far as I'm concerned, Beijing coast duck is my favourate.
Indeed, it's difficult to addapt to the new invironment.
They couldn't learn knowledge well.
Appeal to them for not being yield to these unhealthy habits.
objectively speaking, the implementation of real-name system advantages and disadvantages: it is conducive to the network, especially the ultimate e-commerce establishment of credit system, it is beneficial to public safety, national defense significance of maintenance; but at the same time, it is not conducive to ensuring degree of freedom of expression in general, the maintenance of personal privacy, emerging network of anti-corruption, civil affairs, and so the network will also be fundamental impact.
spring when the new year came, we saw, it seems that with the arrival of spring, railway ticket system, mobile phone real name system are beginning to bud in spring the same as the Local pilot or around the corner.
Ideal is the began without ideal there is the beacon without ideal there is no secure direction without direction there is no life .
As a student , we will face the social and to learn how to live .
When our have a idea .
I'm writing this letter to you to say something about the environment in Yangzhou.
Yangzhou is a modern city with a long history.
Scenery in Yangzhou is beautiful.
But there are also some environmental problems .
First, the air pollution is serious.
Looking at the factory in front of our school.
Black smoke out of chimney all the time and with a terrible taste.
It's really bad for people's health.
Second, noise pollution is also terrible.
When we having lessons, we always hear the noise, and the classroom is so noisy that we can't listen to the teacher carefully.
Last but not list, the river pollution is also bad.
We should take some measures to save the environment.
Such as we should plant more trees and grasses.
If we do this, the air can be purified and the noise can be stopped.
Of course, education plays an important role in the measures.
This can improve people's awareness of protecting the environment.
Those are all my own opinion about the environment.
Our school life is very colourfu.
The Mountain covered 96% by the trees and the air is fresh, it's a good place to relaxed yourself, I think it must be very suitable for you.
Nowadays, the economy of our society more and more quickly in development.
In 2005, some people make a survey from Chongqing University of Technology and Business and East China Normal University .
From the first diagram, we can see about 31% girls look for first in a boyfriend is personality.
Around 27% girls look for first in a boyfriend is abilities.
And then,17% girls look for common interest and goals,14% girls look for appearance,11% girls look for economic status.
From this data, we can know that the most of girl students think the boy friend's self personality are more important.
From the next diagram, we can see 68.2% girls think marriage and family is the most important for a happy life.
About19.7% girls suppose that career is the most important thing and 9.1% girls agree that money is the most essential.
Also 3% think others.
As far as I am concerned, the most of girl students hold this view that have an effect on our traditional culture.
From these on, we can know that not everyone think money is the most important in our life.
It is true that more and more persons feel like becoming civil service by taking exam.
All the time , in our traditional mind, as a goverment employee is the best choose.
Because it stand for power and social position.
If you become a civil service, your family, your relative, your friends will be pround of you.
Besides, it's more stable than any other work.
you even don't need to find other work until you retired.
As far as I'm concerned, every coin has two sides.
First of all, not everyone can achieve their dream to be a civil service.
According to survey , the rate of passing the exam is quite low.
Then, all roads to Rome, we could have much more choice besides it.
Every work has its own feature.
we can do all work as soon as we want to .
Next, civil need to undertake heary pressure from all directions.
In a word, we must know enough ourself.
Such as our personality, strength, weakness.
Don't follow others without thinking but finding a job suit for ourself.
exams conducted at various levels .
recent years.
position.
graduates.
after graduations.
As far as I'm concerned, I don't deny the crazy in civil servant test .
profession to most people.
many people.
What's more, most people will confront huger challenge and pressure in job hunting.
may lead to a waste of resource if most people gather in the same work position.
Nowadays, water shortage is becoming an urgent problem, Shortly before, It was dry in south China, and farmers had suffered huge losses.
Although nearly three-quarters of the earth's surface is covered with water, but it is sea water and undrinkable.
Also, a lot of water is polluted and make it more serious.
Thirdly, circulating water should be used for industrial purposes over and over in factories and treated sewage water can be used for irrigation in farming land.
Hello, Everyone.
My name is H.
In my opinion.
Nowadays more and more middle school students take their mobile phone to school.
Some people agree to it, they think mobile phone is very useful, they can use it to call their friends and parents .
In my opinion , we shouldn't take mobile phone to school, beacause it may make us play more and study .
There are all kinds of books in the world.
I think a lot of people like selective reanding.
Especially in modern chinese students.
Of course, so do i.
We are a variety of test pressure suffocative, We in order to test and read a book .
In fact, I want to see a book you want to see.
Each of the books existence has its existence value.
Most of my classmates are ready to leave school.
Some of them want to go travel and some of them are going to back home.
They want to enjoy the holiday and do something worthwhile.
However, maybe home and school has a long distance, Some people decide to stay .
They want to stay to work or study .
And someone want to have a tourism in nanjing nearby.
They are not willing to waste time on the journey from school to home.
My plan is that I will back home and enjoy the holiday, because I think the National Day is a very important holiday in our Country.
So I want to enjoy the holiday with my family.
I will eat some delicious food and buy some books.
You can imagine your life as a game in which you are juggling two balls in the air.
You can name them: the ability to study and the development on qualities.
As far as we know, it is very important to develop school education for all students.
But it only develop students' abilities on learning.
So a large amount of people realise schools also should pay more attention to cultivating students' Character Education.
Character Education can influence students' development in their future.
Meanwhile it can also teach students how to live happily, how to learn efficiently, how to do something seriously for their own future and so on.
So schools need let students realise the importance of their qualities and their Character Education besides the ability to study, because both are important for students.
My collage school is Ahhui Wonder University of Information Engineering.
It is located in HeFei of FeiXi.
The school establish in 2006.
If foreign friend visit my school.
Frist, The school has a big library and all kind of books.
For example scientific , engineer, computer-it is a good place for student to study and relaxing.
Second, I will take him to student apartment because the equipment is beautiful, it is suitable for student.
Then, we are go to visit the big playground .
It can play soccer ball, basketball-All in all, That can involve our healthy.
I think it is very important.
In addition, the school has a beautiful stadium .
If the weather is bad , we also can esercise.
And it have many P.
Finlly, I will take him to visit our school artificial lake.
I go to college because I am hard working.
When I enter college, I am excited.
I finally became a college student.
I made a college plan with a feeling of excitement.
First and foremost, I can continually hard working.
study is a college student's arm.
second I want to take activly part in many outdoor activities, It is colorful my college lives.
Thired I want to learn to play chess in the part time.
In my opinion, Shy to say I want to find a girlfriend.
I want to have a romantic school love.
In my life, there should be at least 2 times of impulses.
One time forget my own for love.
And the other time take leave without delay for a journey.
after my boyfriend and I went to the ningxia, It is my first time to go to ningxia.
I'm sorry to hear about your trouble.
You hava made two mistakes.
Gap year is year usually betwen finishing school and starting university or college.
Gap year is very popular in developed countries.
First, students take a gap year can become more independent.
Second, in the gap year, students can travel some places or get some work.
There is no gap year in China.
As I know, when students graduate from their schools, there is only three monthes for them to relax or know themslves.
From my point of view , the time is so short that when students get into college , they always feel upset and confused.
So , gap year should be introduced in China.
Hello , everybody.
My name's jacky, I'm from p shcool.
It's really a fantacy place, people there are very friendly and helpful.
There're also some places of interests in my hometown, I love it and hope that you can visite it someday.
I was graduated from X School, it's also a nice school.
There're 3 people in my family, you know, my parents and I.
We love each other and live a happy life.
I usually play ballgames in my spare time, and I think I'm good at basketball.
: ) So, you see, I'm really an easygoing guy.
As is we known to us, books are the common approach to knowledge.
Some people think reading selectively is very important.
Because reading selectively can save much time to read more.
But some people disagree this point, they say that they should reading widely.
Because every book collects a lot of knowledge.
Usually, I like reading books and browsing imformations from Internet.
I can care about people and other things around me.
And I can get along with friends and relatives.
Especially, I can understand and respect other people.
I have full confudince foe life.
I was able to overcome the difficults and positive in my work.
I love the work.
I think sales staff is a right choose.
I want to tell you a message about you wish teach Enlish in china.
The job of the english teacher is needed in Q school.
But it is a hard work because you should work one term and ten lesson a week as well as you should teach spoken English with two classes.
Therefore you should take charge of the school English extra activity which will be hold once a week.
Nowdays many people think a good appearance is more important than capability, especially girls .
Many girls are wild about making up.
And do their best to make them more pretty, rather than improving their capability.
I suppose that beauty is only temporary, capability is the most important thing which can make ourselves more successful.
As the motto gose Don't judge a person by his appearance  .
Therefore, those without good appearance needn't feel depressed because one's success depends on his capability; those with good appearance have to work hard since good appearance cannot bring a person final success.
  Many people have best friends.
Me too.
He is a easy-going boy.
He is tall and clever.
He likes swimming so he always goes swimming in the swimming pool.
He is good at math.
But I am good at art.
We often help and look after each other like brothers.
He likes not only swimming but also basketball.
He often plays basketball with me.
I think he plays sports well.
There are many interesting things between me and him.
Tom's birthday is on march the sixth.
In the morning, I go to Tom's house.
And then, I buy a big cake for him.
His parents aren't at home.
SO we can do many things by ourselves.
He has two computers.
I play computer games with him.
We are very happy.
At night, we clean his room.
Tom is a friendly boy.
I am very happy with him forever.
I am eighteen years old this year, in my high school life, I have many friends, they are very good, very good to me, and our teacher is very friendly, just like our friends.
In the high school life, I achieved good results, and admitted to the university, I am very happy, I will continue learning in high school, discipline, consult the teacher with an open mind.
Now I am learning state is very good, excellent results in all aspects.
I like to play badminton, to participate in the badminton match, so there is a lot of good to our health.
As is known to all Knowledge is power.
Knowledge makes humble.
In my opinion, reading more than activity to make influence with people.
For the following reasons.
Firstly.
In the world many famous expert.
scholar or writer give us a plenty of admonishes.
One of the most words is Leading is the eye of the mind.
Secondly.
Reading give us a positive motivation to life.
Such as perseverance.
brave.
honest.
struggle .
All those good values.
reading can widen our horizens and make our life more enrich .
However.
Others believe that we learn by dong.
knowledge comes from ptactise , this truth has been countless facts more.
If we want to get new knowledge.
we need to practice and turn to it in study.
One day your maybe face many difficult problems.
Eventhough nobody help you.
As long as you countinue to fight .
Try try again .
You will solve those problems sooner or later.
Last but not least.
Every street has two sides.
The shady side and the sunny.
There are two sides to every question.
No exception is things.
It has advantages and disadvantages.
Reading is a good way to get knowledge.
But no practical and flexibility.
It is easy to make people like wood.
Activity also is a good way to acquire knowledge.
Through practise you will get many experiences.
When it comes to how to acquire knowledge.
We need to combine reading and practice.
Using this method Leaning will more efficiency.
In this day and age, as is well-known to all English is extremely fundamental.
It's significant for us to learn English.
Spelling is a crucial part of English learning.
Nevertheless, an increasing number of students don't pour attention into the spelling of words in English learning.
We cannot emphasize the importance of the spelling of words unduly much.
There are three reasons for the problem that have taken place in our life.
First and foremost, a multitude of students don't capture their attention to the spelling of words .
They are excessively lazy to remember words.
What's more, spelling is challenging.
They suppose that they have trouble in remembering words because they can look up the dictionary.
Besides, a slice of teachers don't manage to make students realize the great importance of the spelling of words.
An army of teachers are not strict with their students.
Nevertheless, an ocean of students have no consciousness.
Last but not least, society does not make much of the spelling of words.
We can see an army of wrong English words in the street.
Such as a lot of advertisements .
Especially, we also can see a sea of wrong English words when watching TV.
As far as I am concerned, much attention should be paid to improving the spelling of word.
We need to cope with the problem.
For one thing, we are supposed to realize the importance of the spelling of words.
Then, teachers should require students to be careful.
For another, more should be done to strengthen our English.
Students can use English as far as possible.
As the saying goes, practice makes perfect.
There is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of the spelling of words.
Competition is a common phenomenon in our social life.
Competition is playing an important role for people, especially for working persons.
When you enter into a company, you must have defeated thousands of competitors.
And we often find competition and cooperation at the same time.
The competition is important to us, the same is true of cooperation.
A great assignment can not be done by a single person.
Thus we have to cooperat with our colleages.
For exampel , there is a assignment with which need two people to deal.
Obviously, the two people must coooperate with each other, olny in this way can they manage the assignment.
In addition, there must be competition between the two works.
during the cooperation, the two persons are competing all time.
They are different two persons, the have vrious abilities.
While advocating competition, we musn't forget cooperation.
It is said that the fire burns high when everybody adds wood to it.cooperation is as important as competiion.
Last weekend, I went to the great wall with my family.
He wear a sunglasses , a shorts and a T-shirt.
He is coming towards us and asked us where he can buy tickets , he came to China alone.
If you kill others or commit a serious crime, you would be a sentence to death.
Traditionally, Most Chinese claim that it is a kind of retribution.
Most of us hold that we should pay our whole life.
When the criminal is the sentence to death, others and the victims only get a kind of comfort from this.
Then they will realize that how significant our right is.
In some ways, it is a project as difficult as to a revolution.
I think chinese is important for you .
And you can watch chinese movies and tv .
You can sing it anytime .
When you learn chinese you should found a partner to pratice .
Nowadays, online shopping become moore and more popular all over the world.
Many people prefer to buy things online rather than go to the real shops.
Well, in my humble opinion, I disapprove this view.
Definately, online shopping make our life more comfortable and convenient.
However, we should pay more attention to the importance of real shops and we also cannot ignore the disadvantage of online shopping.
First, online shopping is sometimes insecurity.
A lot of people are cheated or tempted by some dishonest oline traders.
But such case rarely happens in real shops.
Futhermore, we can't guarantee the quality of the things bought onlines.
In contrast, we may choose the purchases we want freely and altepnatively.
Last but not the least, only when we shop in the real shops can we enjoy the true fun of shopping In a nutshell, we can't deny that online shopping play an important role in our daliy life, yet the traditional shopping is more basic and essential.
I went to qinhuangdao with my father, mother and my brother when i was a little girl.
We staid there 3 days.
There is a big beach at there.
Weplayed on the beach and we swam in the sea.
At there, i eatenmany kinds of fish and fish are delicious.
I am very like Qinhuangdao.
If you ask me which Chinese singer I would like most.
I will tell you without hesitation.
JJ was born in Singapore in March 27, 1981, but his ancestral home was FuJian province in China.
He is a very great singer who has created so many wonderful songs.
I still remember one of his into pieces which is called JiangNan.
JJ is a creative singer, he wrote lots of romantic songs which expressed his own opinions towards the world.
At that time, I almost buy all the CD players of JJ, and I used to buy his posters after school.
In my eyes, he is a man who is full of energy and romance .
You cannot imagine how he managed to pass that unhappy month.
It is his strong will that gives me the model of a hero.
Lam JJ has released many beautiful songs, and he also won lots of awards in his music career.
I consider he is a successful singer who write his own songs and express his ideas in his own ways.
If you are interested in his songs.
My farther is the one I love most .
When I was a child , my farther had such big strong arms that he ld hold me on the top of his head and I could see whatever I wanted to in the crowded cinema .
As the growth of the age , the more I realize I have a great farther .
He has to do lots of works every day , what's more , he is working until midnight .
But he has no complaints .
When you get the admission notice of your graduate school, you may feel exulted.
During the period of preparing for the exam, one must make great efforts due to the fierce competition in China.
First, you must ask yourself why you continue to graduate study.
I think graduate study can improve us in many aspects.
The professional knowledge is more ample than undergraduate study, which can help us master what we major in.
Probably that's why it is called master degree.
Frankly speaking, there is a direct, obvious reason for a master degree.
That is our job opportunity or money on earth.
Since the great benefits of master degree, what we will do for a successful graduate study.
First and foremost is our effort.
We all pass the postgraduate entrance exam, which means we don't lack intellectual factor.
Hence the effort will determine our success.
Also we should improve our capabilities to meet the high requirement of graduates.
The capability not only include good performance on professional knowledge, but also other skills necessary to our research such as communication or computer skill.
Many things seem of no use in our study, but I think those seemingly useless things may be the key to success.
In a word, the graduate study is only a small part of your life, but it is the most critical.
To some students who support the idea said that the first thing that comes to them mind is gaining knowledge and broadening them horizons.
This is a way which is much better to learn something just by paper-made things.
Besides, it's also a good way to communicating with friends and sharing the daily fascinating affairs with them.
In addition there are some classmates saying that because of the pressure from the study, they can use the Internet to relax themselves as well.
Their reasons are as follows.
In consideration of the heavy study burdens, students' eyes are getting worse and worse day by day.
As far as I concern is just to keep the balance between the Internet and the reality.
Functional, nice and useful, that is my mobile phone, which emphasizes utility over aesthetics .
Every company has a business project .
team.
There is an increasing number of college students who do part-time jobs.
In the first place, thanks to lacking of social experience, college students may be easily to be cheated with a result of doing lots of jobs without being paid.
In addition, due to not having a well-developed discretion , college students may get into bad habits which can even lead to crime.
But these agreements in several ways contributed to growing trade deficits which caused a nationwide job losses in U.
Globai warming is an inevitable trend.
With the development of our society.
the life of human being is superior to what they lived before.
More and more families have the ability to offer a private car.
Possess of a private car, going out is easier.
But the pollution produced by cars became more seriously.
Nowadays.
the temperature of the earth are getting higher.
The main reason result in that phenomenon is the volume production of carbon dioxide.
As far as I am concerned.
cars contain a large number of carbon dioxides.
So.
The private car owners pay tax on pollution will make them think that drive his own car spend the same money as take a taxi or even more expensive than any other transportations.
At the same time.
to be a passenger is more comfortable than to be a driver.
At last, they will reduce the use of the car.
In my point of view.
the less use of car the healthier environment we can live.
communication ability .
Different people hold different views.
In someone's opinion, they think that making good academic performance should be the first duty to college students.
On the one hand, studying is important to students, which is beneficial to them.
On the other hand, it is helpful for them to improve them and obtain more skills in the life.
First of all, it is helpful for us to make more friends.
On top of that, having good communication ability is good for getting a good job, which can improve our life quality.
As far as I am concerned, we can't emphasize the importance of paying attention to academic performance too much.
It's widely acknowledged that having good academic performance is the most essential duty to college students.
However, as a college student , not only focusing on our academic performance, but also making efforts to improve our communication ability.
Last Friday, a student in our school fainted during break time.
Other students sent her to hospital immediately as soon as they found that there is something wrong with her, and as a result she got treatment in time.
This touching thing is a very good example to show the kindness of people.
It can inspire people to help others in a way that we all can do.
  Innovation is the spirit of human being's progress.
Dear Mr.
There will be frustration in life, as a college student, we should do the following.
First of all, in the face of frustration.
Then, fase to frustration.
We should always adjust their attitude to face life.
More and more people use mobile phones in recent years, they become popular among us.
For another, using mobile phone frequently does harm to our health.
With the popularity of English in China, English is an important course to learn.
From the perspective of students, a large number of words, the spelling of the complex, spend a lot of time still have little effect.
Dormitory Life is not strange for us.
Every dormitory has unhappy thing.
Isn't a Harmonious Dormitory.
But have a Harmonious Dormitory life is very important.
Especially collage dormitory life.
We should make our dormitory life harmonious.
Thought we have very unhappy thing.
Time will scatter to all the thing.
with every people.
Don't do some too excursive things.
And don't disturb others.
We also should communicate to others, then make every people have themself freedom.
We live together four years.
We aren't a child.
I do not forget two English teachers in high school.
Mr Sun likes black clothes.
Mr sun has character irritable.
When students couldn't answer the question, He often knock on the blackboard or teacher's desk.
One day, He was very angry in class, Everyone can't answer the question.
After class, when he walked out of the classroom, everyone was happy to say: oh.
Teacher wang personality gentleness.
The students like to chat with him.
Everyone has problems all like to ask for his advice, He is very serious to help us.
Sometimes, he would go home to have a meal with students.
There will be a large export order.
So we should train foreign language.
It is very necessary.
All relevant staff attend this training.
the AIDS patient who live in a hard life .
so, in my opinion, I thought everyone around the world .
The Olympic Games will be held in four years' time, so the government will be putting up new buildings just outside the capital.
Kurt Gunter has designed the buildings and works will have completed the new stadium by the end of next year.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
As a saying goes, nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
The earth is our home and we have the duty to take care of it.
Faced with the serious environmental problem, some people have taken action to save our world.
However, some people choose to ignore the problem.
So, terrible disasters have been happening one by one: the Gulf of Mexico oil spill, the crisis at Japan's Fukushima nuclear energy center and so on.
Because of people's ignorance, the relationship between human beings and the environment we are living in is getting worse.
It's time that we did something for nature such as stopping cutting down trees, recycling the garbage and learning to pay back to the environment.
In many countries, there is no good education conditions in rural areas.
Even, the medical facilities are also very rare.
Some people think the more teachers should be sent to countryside.
Because they think teachers Is equivalent to knowledge.
They advocate that teachers can choose their operation areas freely.
After all, this is their freedom.
As far as I am concerned, the government can increase the quota of teacher who was sent to countryside, and on the basis of voluntary.
I like learning English, because as far as I am concered learning English is very useful.
Nowdays, English is becoming more and more popular.
so, if I want have more communication with foreigner, I should use English fluently.
For many reasons, learning English can broad my seights.
So i will try my best to learn english.
More and more China's Internet users find the interesting of shopping online.
China's Internet information says, half of the year more than 87 million Chinese shopping online, this is mean a quarter of the China Internet users had shopping online experience.
Most Internet users are 18-30 years old students and white collar, monthly income about 1000 yuan to 3000 yuan.
Women shopping online more than men shopping online.
Clothes and household products are most buy in Internet.
We also know there are a lots of convenience, firstly if they want to learn they just need link the Internet, secondly, if some students don't understand the point of the class, they can find in the Internet, thirdly people needn't worst time on the find the meaning of the words in the dictionary, they can just use the Internet, some disagree with it, they think they shouldn't give up the traditional way to learn.
In my eyes, in the age of knowledge explosion, education doesn't simply mean learning to obtain information, don't accept all the information from the Internet.
They teach large number students for this social.
This a student was contributed to social .
IN front of you, this sculpture was made from steel, this is a Hydroelectric generator.
The machine is symbolize to our school.
This machine can remind our who you are.
Behind this scukpture.
It's my college.
We can learn many knowledge in there.
Our college have many party.
So we have very rich extracurricular activities.
My name is Z.
Yes, as he puts it, mankind is facing with more and more disaster.
As the carbon dioxide emissions, the temperature on the earth continue to rise, the polar ice will melt, causing the sea level rise and flooded the coastal city.
First of all, we should look for a new clean energy instead of traditional energy sources, in order to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide.
Then, we ought to plant more trees and protect forests.
and I don't thing teach students is waste of time .
but .
That is all I have to say .
Recently people pay more attention to the environment because of the severe air pollution.
A green campus not only benefits the environment but also provides us with a golden chance to form thrift habits.
We know that the moment you arrived here on this world , you were given a body by parents.
Not only they gave birth you , but also they brought you up.
Do you know when you were a child , you are so naughty and maybe you got ill always, but was who looked after you all day and night.
What they paid so much to your, therefor, you must pay they back .
No matter what you have and what you pay.
Maybe you don't have much money , and you have nothing return to them.
But the most important, you should let they kown, you really care about them and accompany with them when you free.
Therefore, it is necessary to pay your parents back, because they gave you and you should return them.
At the age of 20, when Lu Xun was in school, his father was ill .
A well-known saying goes that, God will appoint vital missions to such people who have suffered, labored, hungered and been alone before.
Some people think that their parents' behavior is overzealous just like the old saying, Tsar should the eunuch anxious.
These immature young men are who give a cold shoulder to the rising filamentary silver in parents' head, who always regard children as NO.
Few years ago, the disposable plastic bags were broadly used by human beings in china.
The disposable plastic bags are extremely common and current in our daily life, such as buying vegetables, shopping or throwing rubbish.
As well all know, the disposable plastic bags are non-biodegradable garbage.
Not only they will lead to destructing of the filed and polluting water, but also they are harmful to our health.
It's significant to limit the use of the plastic bags.
We must reduce the use of plastic bags.
For one thing we can save much energy, for another we can protect our environment and save our homeland.
More and more Internet users in China discovered the fun of online shopping.
The internet information centre of China said that there have passed eighty-seven million Chinese shopping on the Internet in the first half year, it means a quarter of netizen in China have experience of online shopping.
Most of online shoppers are in the age of eighteen to thirty , always students and white-collar, monthly income from one thousand to three thousand yuan.
More women than men online shopping.
Clothes and household goods are the most of thing that they bought online.
In my school there are various kinds of after-school activities , such as club , doing sports, seeing English movies and so on.
As for me , it can not only build my body, but also broaden my minds.
From my point of view, you'd better choose the activities which you are interested in.
For another, Not every schools can afford to buy the equipment, because the prices of computers are high.
Good morning, everybody.
I am L.
I graduated from F University.
I have got a few scholarships in school.
I received many honors.
My Putonghua level for two grades.
I have the national computer two grade certificate.
My major is English education and I am good at English.
My handwriting is very good.
I like to sing English songs and watch English movies.
So my spoken English is very good.
I want to be an English teacher.
It is work that should have a sense of responsibility.
If my dream can be achieved I will strive hard.
I will love my students and let them have fun in English class.
I will work hard to improve my students' English.
I hope the judges can give me a chance to show myself.
Competition exists in everywhere which is related to education and important in adult life.
Competition has been an important part of our lives, wherever you are in your offices or your classes.
When you go on a project or play a computer game with your friends, you are truly in competition.
Since competition exists in our lives, whether it can benefit to us or do harm on us becomes very important.
Competition has many advantages such as giving us a goal and making us try to reach it or more hard-working during doing a task.
However, as a coin, it has other side.
Some people dislike competition, but to be frank, I really like it.
It can give more strength and be focused on the only thing.
However no matter where you going to work.
There are always some advantages and disadvantages.
However some students work in small cites , They don't have much pressure , in other words , They have engoh time go outside , what's more , They can go along with their family .
but most of they don't have higt salay job .
The study two characters now in the majority large number of students eye are dull, because must pay many time for this and be difficult.
Different from others, I think study is real a fantastic thing, but not all people can study well while there is still someone who is able to study well existing.
The first is finding appropriate methods.
Everyone must have their own special ways about study, so do I.
What I usually do is trying to turn the knowledge we learn at the very day into a net in order to make them systematic, it is of great benefit for us to remember easily.
If you go to taste, repeated over study, you certainly can excavate its innermost feelings deep quarter to take to person's joy.
As an old saying goes, Interest is the best teacher.
Recently, internet takes an important role in our daliy life.
But the internet is a two- edge sword.
The advantage is fast, in time, richful imformation.
It is very convenient for people to widen people's eyes.
On the other hand, internet should not be using in reasonable.
This part is full of violent and many unheatly imformation.
It is very harmful to everyone.
In my opinion, using the internet in right way is very necessary to let all of us to know.
Hi, my name is P, I have no english name.
famous for chinese kungfu, such as HuangFeiHong and YeWen.
parent and I.
life.
I have a motto which come from a book:  while there is a life, there's hope.
badminton.
dream job is english teacher, to be a teacher is a fantastic job.
the world with my parent in the future.
Hello, my name is X.
I'm 19 years old.
I come from P province in China.
I'm a lively girl.
I have a happy family.
My parents are workers.
They are busy working hard to support me.
I have a twin sister named Zhuling.
We are both students, but we are not in the same city.
I'm alone here to study because I want to be independent and learn different things.
My hobbies are listening to music and reading.
I like a person to stay so that I can quiet reading.
But sometimes, I like the crowds.
I also love sports.
If that , I can play with more people.
Finally, I want to make friends with you.
That's all.
After half a month, the summer vacation will come.
According to my past experience, the summer vacation should lead us have a long time to forget the tired in learning.
Nevertheless, in this holiday I will strive to study.
With the time flying, I am going to be a student who will Participate in the college entrance examination next year.
To improve my study, l will take actions in quite a different way.
In my plan, l try to do a lot of practice.
As the saying goes: From small increments comes abundance.
On the other hand, I will go to cram school so that I can go over my knowledge.
However, the amusement is also essential for my vacation.
Two to three weeks I will spend in traveling.
My mother is a housewife.
She is 42 years old.
This is to certificate that Miss Susan Hobson as secretary has been working in my office for two years.
She was hard-working and honest, the best but not least, she was devoted to her duty during working.
In a word, she is a competent secretary.
In addition, she has a good command of English and German.
In current society, many pretty girls can get a good job even without capability.
Thereby, some people insist that good appearance is more important than capability.
The reasons including three aspect.
Firstly, I think that good look can not keep long, if you get a job only because of your good appearance, your job may be temporary.
Terribly, you may be out of work.
Secondly, when you are working with others people and you can not able to accomplish the assignment, the people, who are cooperating with you, may not trust you again and they may never want to be your colleague because you have no capability to help them complete the work.
And as the time flying away, no one will help you to get your job accomplished.
Thirdly, you can not finish challenging work because of lacking ability.
Generally, I believe that capability is more important than good appearance.
Sometimes, we may think there is no love around us.
One day I went to school in a hurry because I got up late.
So I didn't notice the weather was not good.
Unfortunately, it started to rain in the afternoon, and I couldn't go home any more.
When I thought about how to go, I saw my mother standing outside school.
Because of the rain, her shoes were wet.
And I knew she must has waited for a long time because I came out very late.
The Spring Festival and Christmas have much common.
Both of the most important holiday to everyone is very velure and give person have unforgettable memories.
So in my view there is some proplems we always use Interent instead the traditional communication.
If people spend too much time and effort on blog writing, they may have no chance and spirit to have face-to-face communications.
It is the most famous for the world.
The first one, I took photos with my parents and with them take the walk on the Great Wall.
The second, I talk with them so many exciting things so I will never forget this trip.
Now I will introduce a European country called Switzerland which I want to travel the most.
It's a developed country in the central Europe, and closed to Austria France Italy and German.
The country covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometres and has a populatin of 75 millon.
The capital is Berne and Geneva is one of the most famous cities in Switzerland.
This country is very clear and the scenery is beaufully, so it is known as the world garden  .
I thought the most unforgettable experience was that to be a teacher this summer.
This summer I have a long vacation, I have nothing to do in my home, I decided to find a job as the improvement of my ability.
I must cultivate my ability to fit this society.
So I began to find job in everywhere.
But the job was difficult to find.
The boss always found some reason to refuse me.
Finally I found a good job, this job was very fully me.
At the beginning, I thought this job wasn't difficult for me, the job was that teach pupil to learn some English words and some simple article.
For instance, how to get along well with your students and how stimulate student interest to learn English, these questions always get me into trouble.
The number of private cars rose sharply but the realizing of obeying traffic rules is reducing.
In recent years, a sedentary lifestyle is increasingly be chosen by common people neglecting their health.
Health crisis is becoming serious due to unreasonable lifestyle.
As we all know that the sedentary lifestyle is very harmful to people'health.
There are many ways to develop healthy habits according to our jobs, for example we can do yoga if we work in office, have longer breaks in school.
My name is S.
I think friends are like books-I doesn't need a lot of them, as long as they are good.
Lucy is my best friend.
We have many differences.
I have long straight hair but Lucy is a beautiful girl with short curly hair.
I like sport so I play them better than Lucy.
She is much more hard-working than me.
I am a little quiet.
She is more outgoing and funnier than anyone I know.
She always tells some interesting jokes and makes us laugh a lot.
Both of us like doing some reading.
Faith is the dark before dawn split heaven and earth that a brilliant light; Faith is the boundless and indistinct sea even soaring into the sky above the a lighthouse, Faith is in all ages never dried up river; Faith is boundless in the desert oasis; Faith is.
And last , I want to talk about my plan .
I plan to go home to see my gradpa and gradma.
Today I tend to introduce something about my hometown.
It is Liuzhou.
Liuzhou is the second largest city in the Guangxi province.
In recent years , Liuzhou has a large change on many sides .
It has become more and more beautiful .
I have lived there for 20 years , so I realize lots of things about it .
In my memory , Firtely, there are many interesting things happened in Liuzhou .
Liuzhou is ablaze with lights at night.
So the people in Liuzhou have rich and colorful night life .
They like enjoying .
So It is extremely energetic when you go out in the night .
And that It is a industrial city .
Thirdly, Liuzhou has become more and more international , when the national day is coming , Liuzhou will hold a carnival .
At that time many foreigner friends will come to attend the carnival including some famous stars .
In those days there are many sorts of activities.
Liuzhou has a great deal of decilious snacks .
Liuzhou, s natural scene is also awesome .
The mother river Liu River is very clear .
Though Liuzhou is not very famous In some places maybe it is so poor .
Liuzhou has made a large contribution to the Guangxi province .
The people in Liuzhou are friendly .
We are so proud to be the person of Liuzhou .
Because we believe it will be more and more strong .
During a short break between classes, a girl in our class fainted.
Maybe because of her busy and exhausted schedule.
Because of their help, she got her treatment just in time before it is getting too late.
Later her parents came to the hospital anxiously and were told that their little daughter was fine.
When they calm dowm, they really appreciated the help of the classmates.
After going through this thing, I was deeply moved by my helpful classmates.
I learnt that in a team, the membership and teamwork are very important for us to make progress together without anyone fall behind.
Research findings show that Curiosity can make a pretty good effect on a person's life.
It can enlarge our mind and enhance our interest in what we are doing.
As is well known that people are born with curiosity, Therefore, it's unreasonable to limit the development of Curiosity.
Especially, we can't influence the development of children's curiosity.
This time, we take in about AIDS.
In class, we saw some picture about who acquire AIDs.
From their eyes, faces and bodies, I can feel their lost their expect of life.
But today, there are also have many people who can't understand and accept those misfortune people.
They need our hug and they won't heart we if we touch they in some right way .
We should help they, because all of us are the member of earth.
We are a big family.
AIDS means death and AIDS will confiscate your happiness, health, live and so on.
So to learn how to protact from AIDS also is important.
The author write about father's love very carefully, she describe father's words and father's appearance, we can feel how deeply influence her father gave her.
And she also express her love strongly to her father.
This enmotion is moving.
There are more than 9000 rooms, it means live forever.
On my last holiday, I went to Los Angeles with my parents.
We arrived by plane on February 10,2014.
It was 7 pm when we got to the hotel.
Next day, we went to the Univeral Studios Hollywood and had fun there.
It was very exciting.
In the evening, we had dinner in a traditional American restaurant.
On February 12, we went to OUTLETS and did some shoppings.
On the last day, we just walked around and took some photos.
We had a good time.
Nowadays, with the develpoment of economic , the condition of every family is become well than before.
This reason cause a phenomenon that called overcrowding.
Overcrowding can involve many aspects.
For example, it will bring traffic jams incities, even in some heavy streets, people hard to move themselves.
On the other hand, the opportunity of receive education will become lesser for overcrowding.
Because some poorer family only offer one child to go to school.
In addition, it will bring troubles to go to see a doctor, such as , some people have no spare bed when they are need in hospital.
Last but not least, it will increase the diffuculties of find a job.
The unemployed population is increasing with overcrowding.
In my opinion, the problem of overcrowding maybe can be solved by limiting the number of car's trip, because some people will never go out without a car.
All in all, the phenomenon of overcrowding is a serious problem to society and should catch the attention.
Now the forward middle school need to hire an English teacher, work time for one semester, mainly responsible for teaches two classes the oral English,10 class a week.
There is some love around me.
For example, my parents look after me.
They love me.
My classmates help me.
They love me too.
When l get love from them, l feel very happy and warm.
l am going to help the other classmates to show my love.
l will work hard to thank my parents.
Many persons like to western fast food.
Such as bread, sandwich, hamburger, hot dog and pizz.
Western fast food with high overweight, high heat, high protein.
And the Chinese eating habits don't adapt to this kind of food.
In China also has a lot of fast food and snacks.
For example, Yonghe King, Kung Fu Restaurant or East Dawning.
Many cities have western restaurants such as a McDonald's and Starbucks .
China's street food, on the one hand, this appropriate for Chinese tasts, and it is a healthy and delicious food.
In a word, relative to western fast food, the Chinese person like to eat Chinese snack.
Half of students believe studying groups is a good way, firstly, in groups we can improve the grade of each other.
Nevertheless, others don't think so.
Because someone would always talk gossip in groups, and students are easy to Shirk work.
In my opinion, study in groups need everyone has voluntary participation, they must have a deep love for studying English.
Nowadays, there is a commen tendency that people prefer to live a low-carbon life rather than a heavy-polluted one.
Happily, it is a pretty thing.
So-called low-carbon lifestyle is uesing less, but producing more, seemed excellent.
or reuesing the waste.
In other words, we can get more with less gone.
Here comes the question.
Secondly, it must impact the society to a great extent and lead to social progress.
Those are partial fields of western medicine.
Western medicine is now very prosperous and is widely used.
Dear friend, welcome to my country-China.
If you come.
I want to take you to the Great Wall.
A place full of beautiful history.
China has the old world is not a true man unless he comes to climb the Great Wall.
In addition to the Great Wall.my hometown is a beautiful place, too.
Although there is no great great of the Great Wall.
It is beautiful can not be ignored.
Next, I want to take you to the place where I now live.
My university-Wenda.
It isnot very beautiful also is not very atmosphere, but here are my brother and love.
After the industry revolution, technology has become more and more important.
Today, we can travel around the world by air, enjoy delicious food from all over the world, search the Internet to know everything happened from home and abroad.
At the same time, life is getting more and more stressed, most of us are trying to make maximum use of time.
In my opinion, technology is not entirely beneficial for us.
First, it was technology that caused the time famine.
Although the original plan of technology was to free people from all kinds of chaos, it has brought us more trouble getting used to it.
In most cases, technology has not saved time, but enabled us to do more things.
In the home, washing machines promised to free women from having to toil over the laundry.
In reality, they encouraged us to change our clothes daily instead of weekly, creating seven times as much washing and ironing.
Second, technology has set boundaries to teenagers to experience the real world, now most teenagers just stay at home and play the computers all the day time.
It's impossible for them to learn how to cope with others through the Internet.
Last but not least, technology has led to many intractable problems.
Such as genetically modified food, cloning and the nuclear power station pollution.
Physical exercises can be beneficial in many ways.
First, doing some exercises can refresh people's mind from long time work.
Second, It can stimulate people's mind to work more actively and creatively.
The last but most important, doing exercises frequently not only can relax ourselves, but also can keep healthy.
I was so disappointed to see the clear sky this Monday.
The weather report said it would snow.
I was eager in playing in the snow so I wrote it in my list of what to do in the autumn.
When stepping out my dorm I thought it was raining.
I was so hectic that I didn't go to the dinning room.
Instead, I stood in the snow to feel the fresh air.
All of my classmates were excited too and were all looking forward to having a snowball fight.
The snow was a wonderful gift for everyone.
Bobby comes from Guangxi and had never seen snow.
We laughed and ran, as happy as naked children.
When we ran into the playground we saw many people had been there, taking photos, walking on the ground of newly fallen snow, or calling loudly and happily.
Everyome was wearing a satisfied smile.
Someone had written sentences on the ground.
In the spring of year again, each of us and old age.
Since the lunar December 23, my family began to prepare for the Chinese New Year.
To buy the new things, change the old things into the new things, that means throw away the pass year and meet the new year.
Day by day, the Spring Festival is coming.
On New Year's eve, We ate a big family dinner.
As we all konw, New Year should be set off fire.
On that night, while we made dumplings, we watched the Spring Festival's party and had fun.
Is an English professional students.
I was once in motion piay a volunteer, and in outside school do Part-time job.
communication, play basketball play the piano and play computer games.
not very good , but I believe if I can be admit the voiunteer activity , I am Eenglish level will earn greatly improved.
However, some student hold the idea that students can surf as much as possible.
On the one hand, students have more access to get more information and material that we need.
On the other hand, the Internet makee it possible for us to communicate and share with friends at home.
In addition, it also give us a good way to relax during holidays.
A lot of student think that students shouldn't use the Internet frequently.
The reasons are as follows.
First, it does harm to our eyes.
It is easy for us to fall in chatting ang playing games, it may makes you depend on it.
It looks so interesting that everyone can't refuse to play.
As far as I am concerned, I think that students shouldn't use the Internet frequently.
At the same time the most important thing is made a plan clearly before you get online.
We could ease our tiring minds after long day work or study, and we can make sure to eat healthy food.
My hometown is Qingdao, a gorgeous seaside city in Shandong Province.
I feel very fortunate living in this city, because it has fascinating sanbeaches and beautiful mountains.
Every year, a number of tourists are attracted by the scenery of sea of Qingdao.
The Trestle and Badaguan are the most famous laces by the seaside.
Some German style architectures are in Badaguan.
And in the surburb , Mount.
Lao is widely known by people all over the world.
The climate there is warm and wet.
Sometimes it's a little cold in winter.
The local product of Qingdao is seafood.
Nowadays many students don't think highly English spelling study.
So many students have the bad habits.
I think students use electronic dictionary will be students becone lazy .
Parents to give children students learn to buy the electronic dictionary So they intend to children have a good future .
They hope children have a good grade.
The second I think the teacher don't think highly of Engish spelling practice to students.
In order to this condition.
Studets shuoldn't make electronic dictionary.
To this phenomena, people have various opinions.
Accroding to some people , they think we should have choice to read books.
Because only academic books could develop our academic knowledge.
Also, in modern society, there are a lot of information for us to choice, we hardly could study all of them.
Others, however, think otherwise.
They hold that we should read different kinds of books.
Every knowledge has its' own impact, we don't know when we should use them.
As far as I'm concerned, we should look them into two parts.
In our academic major, we should have choice to read our academic books, only then can we develop our professional skills.
School is a big family, so living in such an environment, we always meet all kinds of problems.
One of the problems on campus is learning.
University of time always a lot of, but quite part of students can not make good use of time, they always waste time on beer and skittles, they don't care to learn.
In my opinion, we should learn how to make full use of our time.
When we feel bored, we should not go to play, but should learn.
Overall, there are many rich university life way, so, we shouldn't waste time at university.
Helping strangers used to be considered as a virtue, but in recent years, people tend to be very cautious of strangers.
Many people now hesitate to assist strangers or reluctant to help strangers, because of a variety of reasons.
For one thing, supporting others, even a little thing which we do could save a life.
There is a real living example I experienced the other day.
I was looking for my grandmother and paid no attention to the flying cars around me.
Suddenly, a people pulled me a hand quickly and fiercely, I was out of thought and had no idea what had happened only seen a car passed by through where I stood and felt a gust of wind.
I thanked that man who saved me very much and at that time, no words can express my gratitude for him.
For another, aiding strangers can give us pleasure feeling and even harvest unexpected friendship.
Most of us have read All Men Are Brothers, a popular fiction written by Shi Nai'an.
All people in that fiction are always ready to render help to others and then they became good friends until their death.
Last but not least, helping strangers is one of China's fine tradition.
As a Chinese we should develop it in our daily life.
Just as an old saying goes 'Send person rose, the hands have lingering fragrance'.
I had free time to travel with my parents on National Day.
During this trip, I got something new about it.
We should make some plans about it and do something in advance before we travel, for example, we can order a good hotel early to avoid fastiguim.
Travel a place where people interested in has a few strenges.
First, admiring natural and beautiful scenery while breathing fresh aie is enjoyable for people.
Second, we can exercise by travelling to make our body stronger.
Third, we can learn some knowledge that we can't get in class.
What's more, we can also make some new friends.
But people can have some trouble when travelling.
Nowdays in many of the university campus are common occupation phenomenon.
Many students hold that it is a very normal phenomenon, so most will follow.
But some students don't think they feel sometimes occupation is a kind of resource waste phenomenon.
In my opinion, I think that if the seat can be fully utilized is acceptable, but if it is only a seat but not use is a weast of resources.
My biology teacher was Ms Li when I studied at jinior high school, I liked her best because she was so kind that she seldom got angry with us.
She was ready to help others and she love her work very much.
In fact, I like biology as well.
When I wanted to ask a question to her in a morning, I found she was having a breakfast.
But she stoped eating immediately and answered the question very patient.
I was really moved and ashamed.
The traditional misconception among teachers is that doing written homework is dispensable for students.
Confused with the geometry and occupied with the vocabularies, children are completely exhausted.
We observes that the e-book nowadays is wide used around the world, especially popular with the young.
E-book is portable, we can read it at any time and place, it's really convenient.
Generally speaking, paper books are more expensive than e-book.
What's more, electronic book is environmentally friendly.
But, as we all know, everything has two sides.
E-books also have some disadvantages.
To our disappointment, many paper publications do not have the electronic version, such as some professional books or technology books.
I believe that e-books and paper books will both exist.
Although e-book is popular, someone prefers to read paper books.
It is global warming that is already an irreversible fact, what we can do just help slow global warming.
Firstly, the government should formulate laws to reduce air pollution.
Secondly, it's time for us to find new clean energy instead of kerosene and fuel.
In my opinion, everyone, not just government and industry needs to participate in the fight against global warming.
I will try my best to plant trees as much as possible every year.
The topic of book knowledge and personal experiences which one is more important to us is becoming more and more popular recently.
There are two sides of opinion about it.
I strongly support the view that personal experience is more important than book knowledge to us.
To begin with, we can't learn everything from a book.
Such as how to get along with others and so on.
Moreover, personal experiences can broaden our horizon.
Just as a popular saying goes, Experience is the best teacher  .
In addition, knowledge gained from personal experiences may be firsthand, direct and unforgettable.
But the knowledge from book may outdated, giving you unless information, The last but not the least.
Of all the knowledge we have, some comes from the books we read, some comes from our personal experiences.
Perhaps you can get the answer from the following story.
But he was riding too fast, he knocked down an old woman carefully.
enrichment.
make contributions to understand your life and enjoy it.
more job opportunities.
received a good education by the people to bear.
to control high-tech machines.
make contributions to our society.
to increase productivity, promote the general social development.
With the development of Internet, people are offer a fashional way to make friends and have a love affair.
There are lots of advantage ang disadvantage about the cyber love .
On the one hand, people have a obscure feeling about the true love by the Internet.
Besides, they can't cantact with each other face to face so they have more room to look forward to true love.
On the other hand, just in that they can't see each other, lots of swindler seek profit by this way.
True love is also based on the ups and downs of lovers in daily life.
It seems that Wechat has become a necessity of our life .
Under the circumstance, Wechat change comes into being as an instant messaging tool.
Secondly, Wechat has various function but messaging.
Today we are leading a better life, accordingly, more demands need to be satisfied .
For instance, since i had an access to the wireless in my dormitory and bought a smart phone.
Consider the classroom behavior of Dr.
Not only is he working hard and conscientious, the smallest shred is not sloppy.
In sharp contrast was Dr.
He has taught the pleasure of our autonomic learning, making us know that the interest is the biggest teacher, very arid mathematical, knows that we hold the relaxed mentality to contact, can obtain the effect of not being able to think.
Although I respected and learned much from both of these teacher, I had greater respect for Dr.
Gao and learn more from him.
Dr.
Gao was both encouraging and critical, while Dr.
Maybe you will ask what causes this phenomenon, then I will give you some reasons .
First of all, in this society, to be a public servant is an idea job for most people, because there are a lot of fringe benefits about it.
For example, compared with other industries, public servants don't worry about laid off, they even have a large of retirement pension.
Next, this kind of work is a light job, it doesn't make you painstaking.
What's more , if you are a public servant, you will have some power to do things which others people don't have .
Public servant is a creditable job, as a result , mang parents encourage their children to be that, no matter their children like or not.
The last and most important reason is that most students don't have their future plan, so they follow the crowd.
According to me, this phenomenon is not benefit for our society, inspite it will help us to build a good system about official, and the quality of public servant will be higher and higher.
it will lead to others industries don't have enough talents.
And result in the society to be deformed and unrest.
As a college student , we are filled with wisdom and creation , we should be self-employment and create more employment chance for the people who are in low-educated.
It is my honored to be here .
Let us look at the screen; this preparation will be divided in four parts .
From what I said today .
In the current society, this behaviour that people use plastic bags casually already become a custom.
As time goes by, there will be much more problems that people use plastic bags lead to.
Primo, on the positive side, plastic bags do some cotribution.
Using plastic bags our life will be able to become convenient .
There is no doubt that plastic bags is more convenient than any other bags.
If we don't use it, we will get in trouble abselutlly.
We can see them hang in trees, lie in fields, all around our sight.
It can't despite that when animal eat them, they wiil die.
In my opinion , even though plastic bags is convenient, they really do more harm.
So, we ought to use paper bags more in ordinary time, use plastic bags again under special case.
It was a common day, but not unusual.
A student fainted during the rest.
All his classmates were worried about him and they were enthusiastic about helping him.
Some students told the teacher about this immediately.
Some students called 120 at once.
Others moved him to a cool place in other to avoid his situation getting worse and waited for his parents coming.
As soon as the students got the permit of the teacher, they hurried sent him to the hospital so that he was treated in time.
I am a student of the Yangzhou University, and I have found a chemical factory located around our school since last year.
I have heard the factory is mainly pro-ducting.
The factory is usually woking all day, and It always releases a lot of harmful gas everyday.
This is very terrible, because the harmful gas is in the air that we are breathing.
I am not exaggerating, because this is an undoubted fact.
So I want to say something about the problem.
Firstly, I think the factory shouldn't be built around the school, because there are many students in the school.
Secondly, the factory's garbage is very harmful to the people and the environment, so I think the government should control the emission of the factory.
In conclusion, i think that college students who still read in the school should be actively and participate in various social practice.
I think my mother is the person I should love most, because my mother is so kind and thoughtful that I love most .
I love my mother so much .
I , for example , need loveing care in order to be more healthy.
My mother is a good cook which can make delicious food.
Recendly, I want to be a good listener, because I can listen to my mother's thought, I can clear that my mother is happy or not happy.
I also want to be a helper which help my mother do housework.
Only in this way I can express I love my mother like my mother loves me.
As time goes by , my mother became older and older, I wish I could care my family instead of my mother, because of love.
We have known that you need for these goods urgently.
Price: US $50.00 per piece CIF U.
We are anticipating a miraculous order from the U.
We are looking forward to receving your order.
As is vividly revealed in the picture above, the boy tell his mother that he needs a laptop to do his assignment, his mother meet his demands easily with pleasure .
When we drink milk every morning will worry whether tainted milk, every time go out for dinner or party is going to be worried about whether the food utilize illegal cooking oil, each drink beverage will worry about whether or not there is an excess of chemical additives.
When we went to buy vegetables are concerned about whether there will be pesticide pollution.
So we have to improve food safety awareness.
Today because of too heavy compete, people have to work harder and hader.
So, how to escap the stress became a problem which catchs a lot of people's eyes.
doing exercise.
working in their gardens and so on.
I agree with these, they are good idear, and I also think taking a bath.
Of course, sleeping and other thing are necessary.
In this wourld, many people infect HTV.
They need our help.
Because they are alone, And they are poor, they not money cure their ill, They face death.
One day, I was playing in the playground happily on my own.
Suddenly, a round spaceship flew in a faster speed.
And then, it landed at the top of the school building.
I was so nervous that I saw a secret door from the spaceship opened.
What is more, an alien has a cute body with yellow fur and had two eyes.
But it only had three hair.
The alien discovered me and I was frightened.
As we all know , science plays an important role in societies in which we live .
In my opinion , the development of society is associated with science .
In our daily life of challenge.
I think if you have some frustration in learming .
Second you should to look for reason and know what should we do .
when you see you can do it .
when class faced frustration teaching students how to deal with frustration and fall .
We should sure that no one dare say he hasn't met trouble all his life .
The definition of love is so broad.
Affection, friendship, love patriotic feelings.
. All be called love.
Love is a vine that grows into our hearts.
It opened flowers, in our lives.
One day, I took the bus and saw an old man holding a rose.
He looked happiness and i can feel his heart is with hie wife by the rose.
The aspect may change, but not the essence.
They must be felt with the heart.
We should make our use the benefits of the computer.
Firstly, We rely on computer too much to solve problem by ourselves.
Secondly, with the misuse, the disease of eyes on people become worse.
Even some people can't leave computer alone, if so they would be die.
From my opinion of view, we should spend our time carefully don't be adapted in Inerent, we should look toward the life.
I am a senior high student.
I want to talk school subject with you.
senior high school has many subjects that is difficult for you.
You should make youself relaxed.
You can do difficult exercises or reading amusing books that good for you.
Secnod you must accpect teacher's opinions and classmate's ideas if you can did it you will make progress.
important.
you must learn it early or late.
you too.
you will understanding.
It was the Spring Festival a few days ago.
As we all know, the Spring Festival is an important troditional festival in China.
During the festival, families get together and enjoy the kinship with each other.
Some people choose to go travelling and know about different cultures to spent the festival.
Whatever, I believe that everyone has had a good time.
My family didn't leave our home this year.
We cleaned and decorated our house together several days before the festival.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, we watched Spring Festival Gala Evening together and had a delicius dinner.
We made dumplings and had great fun.
We counted down with the clock and cheered for the coming new year.
Everyone set off fireworks to wish for good luck during the next year.
On the first day of the new year, my family went to the famous Ancient Culture Street.
There were big red lanterns here and there.
There were so many people with pleased face.
In the evening, we went to listened to the crosstalk.
The funny dialogues made everyone could't help to laugh and almost could't stop.
I feel very joyful although a little tired.
The Spring Festival has passed, but I still feel happy.
In my opinion, the Spring Festival is not only a valuable treasure for Chinese culture, but also a kind of memory or affection to every Chinese.
In one hand , some students think that get online frequently can broaden their horizons and minds, they can get many knowledge on the Internet .
They also think communicate and share with their friends on the Internet is a good idea.
In the other hand , some students realize that getting online frequently is bad for your eyesight , I think it's true , the study pressure is high, our eyes been under strain.
We should not be addicted to the Internet , or we'll get our life and study destroyed.
It has been a hot topic for a long time on online shopping.
Every coins has two sides, Online shopping is no exception.
Some people think that we can buy cloth food and most of the daily use, In addition, It's very convenience and never leave home.
In my opinion, both of the views are reasonable, We can buy something not very important on the internet, at the same time, improve the safety awareness.
I am one of College students now.
When we enrolled in middle school and high school, we only need to study hard, because we didn't have free time to do other things at school.
While now as a College student, we will have a lot of free time to do some things that we want to do.
What's more, it's a good idea to learn English songs because it is a good way to learn new words.
Try to remember those new words what can help you in your composition.
No one knows for sure, and i have many thinks.
For a start, the school will become very big, inclouding a place where we can watch movie free of charge.
And we will finish our homework by table-computer.
We will work in a modern company.
We work very relax is that robots can help us.
In my house, we will be able to move the walls to create biger or smaller rooms when we want to .
These are my thoughts.
Books are my friends.
When I have some trouble.
Usually, I will take out a book and read carefully until I find the answer.
Through reading books, it makes me grow up and has a important influence on me.
In a free time, reading a good book can feed my hungry minds.
And I can learn more knowledge.
Enjoy ourselves by reading books.
Of couse, reading does not solve all problems.
We need to practice.
Because if we understand the income of our parents, we will understand the handshyips of parents.
Because I believe a lot of students prefer to share their parents instead of spending money, if they know parents'income.
This winter, I went to Shenyang for Spring Festival and I enjoyed myself there.
During my holiday, I met the snow in northeast China.
My mother and I took my cousin who lived in Shenyang to the park.
The snow is quiet cleaner than i have ever seen because of fresher air.
The pretty trees were green-and-white, the river was covered with thick ice.
We played with snow happily, such as making snowman and had a snowball fight.
We spent the hole morning in the park and took lots of photos.
We looked at each other and laughed, for us looked like snowmans which we made.
The frustration is a part of life.
We can gain experien and growth in frustration, as the saying goes  failur is the mothor of success.
Nowday, the college students to setbacks ability is poor.
For example, they don't cooking and laundry, but don't to study.
they are afraid of frustration which cause some shudents gosuicide.
I am from Hebei Province.
In my memory, the dark May is a boring month.
Although We did much homework, we aslo had interesting things.
We built up our friendship bridge.
In the end , luckily, I win the exam.
I can fly freely just like a bird.
College is my chance of a lifetime to explore some areas, such as arts and literature.
It can broaden our horizons.
There is a general discussion today on the issue of to exercise or not.
Some people hold the idea that more exercise is superior to our daily life in many ways.
Others, however; think quite differently on this question.
Firstly, we need exercise in our life.
Nowadays, more and more pressure are put on the students so that they have a lot of health problems .
As the proverb says, Everything has two sides  .
On the one hand, physical exercise is good for your health.
On the other hand, if you don't deal with it properly, it will do harm to your health.
So we should treat it rightly.
We put less attention on our body , so it can't fight with the disease effective.
Secondly, we can enjoy our campus life in this way.
Only academic study among our life, we will feel tired all the time.
It is very easy to be a happy guy in college that you can not only gain your major knowledge but can keep a good condition in your health.
The directly way is to exercise in your free time.
In short, I think we should exercise more often in our university.
You can be effective in your study and your life style.
College plays a significant role in my life, I benefit much from it, and it has great influence on my life.
Life in college is different, we are faced with various problems, for most students, we need to deal with it by ourselves.
We share the same dormitory with other students, in other words, we live together, then we should think of others whatever we do.
Conflect between roommates is common, however, if each of us is tolerant, things will be much better.
Besides, we can enjoy more freedom in college, therefore it is necessary for us to arrange time properly, maybe we can make some plans, such as tripping, shopping and preparing for test.
Days in college are colorful, to some degree, it shapes our character and improves our living habits.
College life adapts ourselves to the future social life.
New Year's Day is coming.
My father decides to find a new job.
My mother will work hard.
I often get up late, and stay up late.
I will break this habits.
i decide to do more sprots to stay healthy.
i plan to go swimming every weekends.
and i will also eat healthy food to keep healthy.
This is our New Year's plan.
Some may thing that we don't know how to do the cleaning and the only thing we need to do is study.
besides, as a student, our tuition fee is already a burdern to our family, and there still be few years before we can earn money to support our family, not to mention release our parents' burden.
When I was a high school student, in my dream, college is desirable.
University seems free and harmony to me so that I want go to college very much.
With increasing age, I have finished many test, of which the two most important are Senior high school entrance examination and College entrance examination.
As our Chinese students, we need use at least seven years to complete these or more, and the process is so hard for us.
So, in my eyes, the academic pressure will be tail off.
University is not that when I was young I imagined.
On the contrary, University of the pressure is greater beacuse of the most really problem which decided our future ascription.
As an old Chinese saying, You must suffer, to be human.
Facing the difficulties we cannot back off.
Only if study hard can we be trained professionally which the powful weapon will be our competition.
It not only need teachers' giving systematic guidance, but also our own efforts.
However much more is needed, we have been working hard to learn to make a move with the time which requires us to participate in social practice constantly.
These social encounters are experiences that allow us to feel most alive.
Although under the social pressure, we're depressed, and in my opinion we shoulder try our best to enjoy the process.
Old employees find it difficult to rapidly learn new things and they are not capable of heavy manual work.
Many students feel nervous whenever taking an important exam.
Some feel dizzy and tired, some are suffer from lack of sleep, and some will lose their appetites, of which drive us crazy and have awful effects on our exams.
First of all, I am firmly convinced that exams are only a means of checking our progress of studies.
So, there is no need to worry to much ahout the results.
All we need to do is to learn by heart.
Besides, we should not stay up too late.
Nowday some people think study is students' duty whatever you are primary students or college students, you should just study .
So they should do some other things except study .
In my opinion, I agree the latter.
As we all know, almost students just study from primary school to university.
What they have learned just is theory .
Perhaps as college students they can take in it very well .
I remembered when Istudyed in junior middle school, some college students who are going to graduate from university came to my school to practice.
They didn't know how to teach students at all and just stood there reading book for us.
What'more ifyou devote to some practice you will learn some that you can't learn in books, which can improve yourself and rich your experience .
We are pleased to inform you that we have already shipped by S.
He get up at 8:30.
And he has breakfast at 8:45.
After a 15 miuntes' rest.
He write homework until 10:30.
And then , he eat delicious lunch at noon.
From 13:00 to 15:00, he has computer class or English class.
After that he reads many kinds of books.
It will take 2 hours.
At 18:30 he eats a little dinner.
And have 30 minutes'rest.
He searches for imformation on the internet or watches like programmes.
He put things away from 20:30 to 21:00.
I think he get up late.
With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers, shopping on the Internet has become a fashion, especiallyamong the young people.
On one hand, shopping on the Internet has a lot of advantages.
For example, people don't have to waste a lot of energy and precious time to go from one shop to another to choose goods they like.
Also, the Internet has shorten the distance.
We can buy goods from any places.
And it's very fast and cheap.
On the other hand, it also has many disadvantages.
For example, the consumers can't see the.
goods or try them themselves, so the size may not match them very well.
Second, collage education causing many differences in life styles, health and other outcomes for people.
College is an important stage of one's life.
Here is my college plan.
For one thing, we are supposed to join in influential communities as much as possible.
Furthermore, the most important of all the things is studying hard.
Because a good academic performance can help us live an admirable life in the future.
In our life, the name is associated with a baby.
Now, some people to change her name.
In my opinion, is the name of first mark you give to others, will be with your forever.
Nowadays, there has been such a phenomenon.
The old man , is no longer important in many people's eye's, and even become a burden.
The child looks cute, become everybody's baby.
This phenomenon will bring very serious consequences.
First of all, the old people feel lonely, especially under the condition of only one person, they had no one to speak, will lack happiness.
Second, the old man's awareness is weak, vulnerable to abuse.
So, in my opinion.
Old person's psychology is most afraid of loneliness, they need to satisfy of material, need more spiritual satisfaction.
We'd better go home every week to see the old man, and have a meal with them, talk about family.
Even if do not eat every week, to make a phone call every week, every month at least 3 times to go home to see the old man.
I'm glad you write to me.
Please don't worry, I have been in your side.
I heard that you want to take part in a singing competition recently.
I knew you worry about your physical disability, and take it easy.
First of all, Liu wei is a disability people like you, but he never give up chasing his dream.
He lost his hands when he was 10 years old.
Although this, he became harder than everyone in school.
When he was 19, he often got good grades in school every test.
Even so, but he suddenly to learn the piano.
As all as we know, what a funny a person without hands to play the piano.
Not only does he give it up, but also makes he stronger.
So, you should be more confident.
You are the same with the others and there is no doubt that you can do better than anyone.
Believe yourself.
On the one hand, many people will meet some trouble like you and it maybe make them feel upset.
On the other hand, trouble is a good friend in our life and it also make us be better.
Kelly Clarkso said what doesn't kill you make you stronger in Stronger and it make lots of people feel life is wonderful.
As the saying goes, god close a door for you, but god open a window for you.
Maybe you could be a well-known singer.
With the development of science and technology, people's life is becoming better and better.
Consequently, a number of TV programmes have raised.
It is founded 1997, and In this programme, there are five upholders that is named the happy family.
Happy Tent always is played on Saturday evening.
In this programme, some stars that are popular with people are invited to participate in it.
Then, they will be asked some questions by upholders.
Furthermore, the honoured guests tell their way of success and experience.
In a word, I'm fond of the TV programme.
What the most important thing is that people delight, and the programme is not only for amusement, but is also the perfect mix of fun and learning.
Only in this way can we get close to stars.
In addition, I know the reason why they can successful is that they never say never.
  His daughter just answers,  you can read all about it on my blog, dad .
Follow the improvement of Internet, Weibo, blog -the method of communication can be more and more.
And people can use this talk others easily.
The most important change is, interpersonal communication has became quickly.
In the past people only can use mail, telephone to communicate each other.
But every coin has two sides, include the internet on interpersonal communication.
For example, some people may put fake news on websites and broadcast very quickly.
earthquake.
Finally I want to say nobody can block the improvement of technology.
All in all, the significance of saving money cannot be ignored in our daily life.
I was looking forwards to visiting Switzerland since I was very young.
Switzerland is situated in the center of Europe, it has an area of 41 thousand square kilometers, and it has an population of 7.5 million.
I became a salesgirl of a corporation during this period.
this corporation mainly engages in selling WLAN(wireless local area network card).
So I turned into the free labor force .
All in all , I learned much useful things .
We should always speak English in class and it's a good idea to spell and pronounce new words aloud every day.
English stories are so interesting.
I get to know a lot about the world through reading.
Most importantly, when we were young, our parents worked so hard to raise us up that they hardly have time to do what they wanted.
Friendship is the relationship that can keep you a happy mood, when you feel lonely.
Friendship is the magic that can bring two souls together.
The true friendship can help you realize your dream.
It can also help you do something right.
It can bring you happiness.
The true friendship is selfless.
Everyone wants to be the most popular one at school.
They try to do something to attract others and become popular.
In this way, They gradually lost themselves in the world of others and do not know how to be themselves.
Instead of seeking for the happiness inside their mind, they do something wrong with their friend.
Finally, It will still be the trust and warmth from the friend help them get rid of this difficult position.
value their friendship, but just cared about himself and dreamed to be the most popular student at school.
One day, he made an unintentional mistake.
He was so afraid to admit it that he didn't tell anyone this thing.
Instead, his friend who worked with him was thought to be the bad guy.
In the end, the truth had been find out.
The only good friend of him was so disappointed for him and left him.
Nowadays, the phenomenon that a lot of students in the college copy or download papers from the Internet has aroused wide public concern.
My favourite teacher is Mrs. Zhou .
She is my English teacher in Junior high school .
She's tall and thin She has rich in knowledge .
She is really amusing and interesting .
She always makes us laugh in the lesson .
She's kind and patient , and she explains English grammar so clearly that even I can understand it .
And she never gets angry , even when her students behave badly.
She is very cares about the students and try to be one of us .
So she is not only our teacher , but also our best friend .
Nowadays, a variety of training classes has appeared in the society.
In my opinion, whether participating in training classes or not depends on many factors.
If a student is eager to learn, wishing himself to reach a high level, recommending him to attend a training class to broaden his horizons is my selection.
They are full of willpower to try to get better marks in different kinds of exams by enriching their knowledge.
Nevertheless, even if the students who fail to study hard attend training courses instead of having a rest at home, supposing that they don't pay attention to what the teachers say and aren't able to keep pace with the speed, there is no need to go to the classes.
Parents shouldn't force their children to spend the weekends being absent-minded in the classroom.
It's undoubtedly a waste of time.
Last but not least, training classes isn't possibly good for everyone.
It's suitable only for those who not only want to learn, but want to improve themselves as well.
Nowdady.
There can be no doubt that English is one of the world's most widely used languages.
But Lots of students think it is that because speaking is not important for them.
But this is wrong.
I think the reason from examination is text.
because the text students start to pay attention to the fraction.
And the children of parents value their scores rather than spoken English.
They also do not pay attention to oral English.
The problem is how we can do.
This is a bad atmosphere.
if we need to change the atmosphere that we must to know the importance of speaking.
We forget stundying English the first target.
Then we need to practice speaking everyday and to use English to talk with foreigners.
Last we should promote the importance of oral English to let more people know.
Through this article we recognize the importance of speaking.
In the picture, A boy are talking to his father that he is a bit worried about disposing of nuclear waste, Then his father answered in a firm tone that if he can empty the dustbin here, he can do anything.
As an old saying goes, A house is not, how can sweep the world  .
so, we should be well aware of the importance of small things.
Actually, Doing small things well benefits for great works .
From these small things, we will take anything more seriously than before .
Besides, The basic skills are the foundation of great works.
In my opinion, To achieve our goals, we should do the followings when we are facing small things: First, A careful attitude is needed.
Secondly, It is helpful to be a diligent person.
Lastly but the most importantly, The greatly your goal is, the more skills your skills you should learn.
On one hand , science and technology are useful to human beings .
For example, in daily life , it brings us happy and convenient life; in medical treatment ; it helps us against various of diseases and so on.
On the other hand, it can also result in disaster, such as First World Wars and Second World Wars.
I'm glad to hear that you get on very well with you math teacher, Mr Green.
My favourite teacher is teaching us mathematics.
The teacher is a very enthusiastic woman called Mrs Fu.
My first impression of Mrs fu was that she was strict and friendly.
Mrs Fu's method of teaching is nothing like other teachers.
She thinks that the way to slove the problems is very important.
She often tells us many ways to slove the same mathematical problems.
So I like her very much, and I don't think I'll be bored in her class.
Three days ago, I see a difficult problem, and I didn't know how to slove it.
So I asked to Mrs Fu.
She was very enthusiastic and told me how to slove it.
I was very happy and I like her attitude very much.
She was one of the best math teachers in our school.
    You need to take the rubbish, sweep the fioor, wash the dishes and wash the ciotheres.
When I was a student of Wang Lou Middle School , I was a very shy girl .
  Good morning , Mr. Wang all the classmates answered accepted me .
With the development of the technology, lately years , most college are expanding.
owing to the teaching facilities and accommodation capacities of many colleges are limited, it is unable to meet the demand of an ever-increaing number of the newly enrolled students.
On the other hand, in the long run, hunting for a job will be tougher for the graduates.
For these reasons, we should look for some solution to solve these problem.
First of all, we should establish different standard of higher education, in order that could meet the needs of national economic constrution.
Second, it is a good way to strenghten the teachers and the constrution of infrastructure.
However, intake expansion in unversities the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
As the development of human society, more and more energy are being needed to meet our daily need.
In order to keep our daily life and the development of our industries, we have to carry more energy from nature.
But we have to be faced with the problem that our limited energy is in great shortage.
Some people believe that solve the energy crisis is to save.
Because energy is limited, so the only energy conservation can benefit posterity and development of new energy is very difficulty and need a long time.
Another part of people believe that development of new energy is the best way of solve the energy crisis.
As far as i am concerned, the best way of solve the Energy Problem is both above view.
Not only should we save energy, but also need develop of new energy.
Now, taking a part-time job is more and more popular to the collage students.
A lot of students find a part- time job as a waiter or waitress, shop assistant in they spare time.
It can let the collage students make some pocket money by themselves for their entertainment activities instead of asking for the money from their parents.
It also can reduce the economic pressure of their parents.
Another advantage is that taking a part- time job can let the students gain some experience about work.
Taking a part-time job can be beneficial but everything has the side effects.
There are still some disadvantages of taking a part-time job.
First you need to squeeze your time to take a job, have classes and do your homework.
It will make you very busy and tired.
It is not good to be sleepy during the classes.
Second, taking a part-time job will make you have no time to do some reading or someting that can better yourself.
We students need more time to concentrate on the study.
Devoting all of our spare time to taking a part-time job is not that good.
Brightbase Technology Group (Hong Kong) Co.
We enjoy the good reputation in this .
First of all, good parents are democratic.
In the past people have a tough life.
The most basic food and clothing are a problem to them.
Many people have to starve to death.
But now, people have a comfortable and happy life.
Many delicious food they can choose to eat, many beautiful clothes they can choose to wear.
In the past, there are a few entertainment.
evening.
Later, television took over.
Of course, most families had just one set.
Today, television and computers bring a dizzying array of entertainment into the home.
They can sing a song in KTV and dance on the ballroom.
Frankenstein is a film which was directed by James Whale.
Frankenstein is the name of a clever scientist.
While studying at university, he discovers the secret of how to create life.
Then he starts to try.
After his hard work, he creates a creature that resembles a human being.
There are many scars on his face.
And because of this, he terrifies everyone who sees it.
He is kind but he does not have any friends.
He feels very lonely and unhappy.
Then he asks Frankenstein to create a beautiful woman for him, but Frankenstein refuses.
The creature is very angry, so he murders Frankenstein's brother, Frankenstein's best friend and finally, Frankenstein's new wife Elizabeth.
Frankenstein chases the creature to the Arctic in order to kill him, but he dies there.
It is a good film.
In all traditional Chinese art forms, calligraphy should be the most familiar things for us.
We began to learn to write Chinese characters at an early age.
Chinese calligraphy is an ancient Chinese handwriting art.
Because of Chinese characters, Chinese calligraphy is different from other kinds of calligraphy.
In the germination period of calligraphy, there were Oracle, Jinwen, Dazhuan and Xiaozhuan .
Then, there are Lishu, Caoshu, Kaishu, Xingshu and so on.
Another well-known art form is paper-cut.
It has a history of more than two thousand years.
Paper-cut originated in the north, because the weather in the north is dry, so the paper is easy to save.
In ancient times, people use paper-cut to worshiping ancestors or blessing.
Later, paper-cut also appeared in the Spring Festival or wedding occasions.
Traditional Chinese medicine is also famous in the world.
The efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine is slower than western medicine.
Traditional Chinese art has diverse forms.
Those are all our the crystallization of the wisdom of the laboring people.
Traditional Chinese art is a great creation.
It is irreplaceable.
This movie mainly tells us about a woman who has memory problem, so she will forget things in a short time.
But she is a teacher, so the problem made her get into trouble.
Though the picture, we can see a father asked his daughter how her school life today.
Unlike when she was a child, she didn't say a lot with his father face to face.
In modern society, people accustomed to using the Internent to communicate with othersand reduced the amount of time to communicate with people face to face.
The Internet on Interpersonal Communication has the advantage and disadvantage .
Advantage is it to break the bondage of the space and people's communication more convenient.
People can know more imformations for their firends through the Internent.
Of couse , they can make more friends to share their daily life .
But Internet reduce the time to communicate with people face to face .
Three days paid-holidays is given to works for the Labor Day, but there is a strong call for the return of the one-week holiday as before.
In my point of view, I prefer the second one.
If considering things carefully before doing it, then we will find that lots of things are unworthy.
By this way, we could calculate how much we have wasted.
There is a leisure time in what I can do in my national holiday.
When you observe the planet from your flying saucer, you will find it beautiful and full of vigor.
However, the Earth is not as healthy as it looks like.
First, I want to raise the problem of pollution.
With the growing development of science and technology, our people have enjoyed the convenience, but our planet has suffered a lot from the serious pollution.
Nowadays, we can drive or take a plane to wherever we want to go.
We can use high-tech electronic appliances to complete whatever we want to do.
To fulfill our demands, the cars are polluting the air, the industry is polluting the water, the great amounts of trees are being cut down and the severe problems of land-desertification.
The second problem is population.
The more people are born, the more resources are consumed.
Now, there are more than 6 billion people living on the planet.
And the population is growing at a high speed.
In the near future, our planet will be overweighed.
Finally, the number of endangered animals is reducing.
Without a suitable environment, rare animals would hardly survive.
As far as I'm concerned, the main reason for these problems is human being.
People wanted to get huge profits from the mother Earth primarily.
On the reverse, we get disasters.
What's your opinion, my dear E.
Somebody think students should get online.
The reasons are as follows.
First, students can get knowledge and broaden our minds online, so we will spend more time on study.
We also communicate with our friends and share our knowledge with them.
It is good for our study.
What is more, students sometimes amuse themselves.
The reasons are forceful, but different people have different opiniions.
The others think students should not get online.
First, they think the working screen is harmful to students' syes.
Besides, many students lose themselves in chatting and computer games.
It waste their time and mind.
In my opinion, students should use the Internet in a right way.
Students should study hard on the Internet and avoid losing themselves online.
Nowadays not a few students take no count of the English spell.
It is appearing this phenomenon I think it is because students feel dictation words very boring and difficult.
However they hate it.
In my opinion, in order to address this problem, the teachers should allow students to practice, get students to write some essay, diaries, and so on.
To let students knows the importance of spelling, spelling also remember when they consciously remember the words.
If we see money in its ture colors, however, it is nothing but some paper that we use to buy something, but we can not buy everything with that.
This is my internship place , which is located in south of Taiyuan.
This squadron is the best squadron of my hometown , which has the best equipments and most experience , at the same time , they take the most danyerious and difficult missions.
I spend three weeks here and make a lot of friends.
I find that this is a really dangerious job .
We must stay concentrate in fire , or we may be in dangerious .
After my internship , I know that I still have a lot of things to learn .
We have pleasure in informing you that shipment of the goods under Sales Confirmation NO.
J-29 has been made on board S/S Pearl  .
About the system by CFR transactions.
However, people's leisure lives are continually eroded also because of ubiquity of modern technological tools(e.
computers with Internet access and telecommunications equipment).
It is noteworthy that people now take fewer and shorter vacations following the increase in the number of technology-based activities.
Meanwhile, people now have to engage in doing more everyday actions than ever before, such as shopping, food ordering, and so on.
As outlined above, people's growing obsession with the Internet use, such as online shopping or banking, has both immediate and long-term impacts on health, social involvement, lifestyles and emotional well-being.
There, is, many, funny, place, in, out.
school.
for, example, the, football, playground, the, classroom, the, experiment, room, but.my, favorite, place, is, school, read, room, our, school's, reading, room, is, very, big, and, it, is.
in, the, center, of, the, school, classroom, is, very, lick, there, is, a, beautiful, garden, in, front, of, it, and, bright, after, class, you, can, go, inside, and.
pick, out, one, of, your, favourite, book, to, read.
Hello, my name is X.
I'm studying in P Polytechnic Institute.
To stop global warming we should make immediate and continual efforts right now.
Then, changing our habir in ourdailylife.
We should use more clean energy and less coal and oil.
In addition to, use the public transport or ride your bicycle instead of driving private cars if possible when we travel somewhere.
As l'm concerned, if we don't take any measures, global warming will further damage to our life.
When I look at the title, I think of Thomas Alva Edison immediately.
When he was young, he had taken only the three months of primary school.
But he liked considering problems deeply and his mather taught him of much knowledge.
When he was growing, his curiosity made him keep on thinking unknown problems.
In addition, hard-working and Good mental state made his inventions more smoothly.
As Thomas Alva Edison reputedly said, genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Chinese learning style is different from western learning style.
Chinese learning style emphasize bazheshoujiao--  teaching by holding his hand  .
When an adult watch child drop key through a slot into a box clumsily and uncertainly.
The adult guided him with extreme facility and gentleness in precisely the desired direction.
As a coin has two aspects, Chinese learning style has advantages and disadvantages.
He may well get frustrated and angry --certainly not a desirable outcome.
He will be happy, he will learn how to accomplish the task sooner, then he can proceed to more complex activities, like opening the door or asking for the key--both of which accomplishments can in due course be modeled for him as well.
On the other hand, young Chinese being almost inseparable from the tradition, but over time, possibly evolving to a point equally original.
In my opinion, there is enormous creativity to be found in Chinese scientific, technological and artistic innovations past and present.
When any innovation is examined closely, its reliance on previous achievements is all too apparent.
I'm L.
That was really a wonderful experience and I had a good time.
Above all, our school will hold a learning camp recently.
Our learning camp will be very exciting.
And we wll show you around our city, learn about the family life in china and do some other interesting activities.
Except that , if you will come, I will take you to some other beautiful places in Tianjin, and eat some delicious food.
Only a little people stand on different side.
In my opinion, there is famous saying, every coin has two sides.
The oral test will let students to waste much time in preparing test, but also is a great motive power to learn oral English well.
How time flies since I have arrived at Chongqing University .
I have been stuying here for nearly a month.
I always go to the school libtrary .
Now reading has become my another hobby .
I have learned from many people by reading about their ideas on scithee, politics, life and society.
recently i feel like reading peots, especially the poets of haizi, they make me feel calm , although sometimes make me feel dispair and blue.
I am also interested in logic books , while in fact , i don not always understand what the authers say in the book .
In my mind , we university studengts should read more books to expand our knoeledge.
for example , we can read books on history, from them we can get veluable experience that we can not get from reality .
As we all know, with the increase of college students, college students quality can not be guaranteed.
Because of the lack of certain management, some people become lack of discipline.
College students away from their duty, become decadent.
Such as stay up late, consumption, addicted to the game.
This will not only abandoned their studies, but aslo lost their will, to some extent destory their bodies.
The climate in Tianjin is fine and fit for living.
Our class is a big family.
Students are willing to help others.
Their fluency in English guarantees you to communicate with each other smoothly.
I'm convinced that you will get accustomed to our school life easily.
And it's only through the meaningthat's expressed by thetechnique, that something really becomes a work of art.
First of all, the film is the image, it's not limited stay paint artist limited by the color, the brush and so on.
You just needan understanding of culture and human history.
He talks about how we can hold up a mirror to nature.
That's all you really need.
We think in the futurepeople can be looking backand it's a mythif you think of it what's calledthe aspects of eternity, certain aspects of eternity.
Past isn't something to be glamorizedto be the nostalgic about, sentimental about, because the past is gone.
There are four circles with different images on the surface.
Different circles are used for different purposes.
For instance, if I miss a message , one of the circles will light till I find it, which is true of other situations.
So it is quite convenient for me to check my missed calls and messages.
As we know, the Internent not only is more and more popular in the world but also one is biggest source of information in the world.
But, many perant thinks school stady is more important than on internat.
I agreet with it, too.
From their point of in class , it will improce your explain quickly.
help them immediately and keep student's friendship more friendly to each other .
Besides about 70%studens often use the computer to play computer games.
Various clubs and communicates welcome any students.
We can do many things in college.
Indeed, taking part in social practice does a lot of good to us.
To begin with, by taking part in social practice, we can apply our knowledge and skills acquried in college to practice.
By doing that, we are given the opportitunity to see if we have a good command of the knowledge.
What is more, we can also gain experience from social pratice.
When an opportunity comes, it brings promise for success.
on behalf of the company and all its employees, we intend this letter as a token of our appreciation for your hard work and beautiful tour guiding for us.
To achieve ameaningful college life .
Nice to meet you, my dear Miss X.
My name is Y, and my English name is Circle.
I know circle means round in Chinese.
My English name was called Circle because I have round eyes, round nose, round face and round shoulder.
I am from Z but I am lived in P for many years.
I have a big family, included my father, my mother, my brother, my sister and me.
When I am free, I often listen to the music like HK pop music, the rock music is also one of my favourite kinds.
Besides, I like singing.
I often go to KTV with my good friends.
In my opinion, the best place to sing is the bathroom.
I like singing but I don't want to be a singer.
The singer must suffer a lot, but I like the freedom.
So I want to be a business woman in the future.
It can go anywhere on business.
The a boom of tourism can contribute to the prosperity of the local economy.
With the remarkable improvement of people's living standard, people begin to attach great importance to entertainment.
Therefore, the development of tourism is the inevitable result of social development and a symbol of society progress.
On the other hand, however, the number of tourists increase quickly, the cultural and historic sites and valuable natural resources are confront with more and more severe damage.
To keep pace with the world economy, we must take advantage of resources to develop our economy.
From another perspective, we should interest in the long run, and take effective measures to make sure the health the development of economy and environment.
There are a great number of after-school activities in my school.
I take part in many of them such as community activities, sports activities and English movie activities.
Taking part in community activities makes me more confident.
Doing more sports is good for my health.
Watching English movie can not only help me improve spoken English but also make me feel relaxed .
What's more, I take part in art activities.
Choosing right activities is really important if you want to take part in them.
In a word, after-school activities are very useful for us.
As far as I am concerned, it is good for us to take a part-time job.
First of all, we can balance to our life.
As college students the study is not all for us.
And taking a part-time job can make up our boring life.
In addition, a part-time job can broaden our experience, we have opportunities to meet a variety of people and problems.
Thus, it helps us to develop our independence.
Sun shuwei, a man who came from Guangdong, was a 14 years old boy joined in diving.
Sun shuwei was so fond of diving that he joined the Guangdong Diving Team at the age of 8.
It's because he loved diving so he was worked hard in school, what'more, he was being carefull and serious when he trained in the team.
Thanks to his hard working, when his was 13, he took part in the National Team to accept the better training.
There is a general debate on the campus today over the phenomenon of college students' doing a part-time job.
Those who object to it argue that students should not spend their precious time in this way.
However, for people to think, to do some work related to the professional, can improve students' study can not get a lot of experience.
It is ordinary to communicate with others in our daily life, so expressing ourselves is a necessary skill.
In my opinion, at first If you want to be understood well you should make your language fluently and briefly, for which can be understood easily.
Then when you speak to others, you should look at his eyes and make sure he has known what you want to express by your eyes.
The next, if you want to express something more real.
You could make some gesture while you describe them.
Above all, you must speak with emotion, which could help you to attract their attention.
All in all, it was an essential to skill to make a good expression.
In my childhood, I often think my father and mother didn't love me.
Because they usually hit me.
More than once a day.
However, I know they love me.
The more hit, and the more love.
While I am a child, I usually went to play with my young partener without fishing homework.
Certenly, they were very angry.
They usually hit me use their shoes.
Only if they educate me use a not perfect mean.
But, they are love me, and the more hit, and the more love.
Kate and chris white-hired, but deeply konw the meaning of love.
stolling around the big porches and lowns , always hold hand .
More, bedtime also followed a ritual.
Because chris always help kate from chair to the bad and tuck the covers in around her frail body .chris also reach up and turn off the light above kate's bed .
then tenderly he would bend , and they would kiss gentlely .chris would pat her cheek, and both smild.
While , chris died in a moring because of a heart attack.
I happend so quickly that kate like lose her all world .
She dropped herself in sadness and can't go to sleep every night until I kiss her wrinkled every night .
Self-confidence, is one of the most important quality in our life beyond debate, as well as hard to cultivate.
And most of the people confused self-confidence and overconfidence.
Besides, you can keep the style if you are confidence.
For self-contempt, inferiority of the people let such an opportunity slip.
So, how to make self-contempt turn to self-confidence.
  On the other hand, they can do what they are good at, just like they are in their element.
But not beyond their ability.
For overconfidence, they can see the every opportunity, but they hardly seize the opportunity.
So, how to make overconfidence turn to confidence.
  For another thing, they should know their ability and the ability who will fight a battle with them by anticipation.
Last but not least, confidence will not always be by your side.
Confidence just like a wilful child, and small success just like a toy.
He was attracted by the toy.
In conclusion, confidence can stimulate you to make greater efforts, and to obtain bigger success.
So I have to come back home to visit her.
Here are the telex which receive from my brother to prove that.
Please approve my leave.
J-29 items have been shipped S.
S ''PEARL and will be made a partial shipment S.
Recently, should the government establish free libraries in each town has been brought into focus.
Some people think that the government should do it.
Others, however, believe that it is a waste of money since the publican use the Internet at home to obtain information.
I have two reasons for my opinion.
And fewer and fewer people go to the library to read a book.
The government can use the money to build more schools and hospitals.
From what has been discussed about, we may draw a conclusion that we don't need to build libraries in each town.
What we need now is schools and hospitals.
When I meet the difficulties, my friends will help me.
The friendship here is like the love, and my life is filled by this.
With the help of them, I think nothing can tRouble me.
In addition, I help my friends in trouble as well.
All in all, love is from each other.
Every year thousands of people in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
Why should the civil service exam.
First the civil servants work stability .
and work time has rules , no overtime too much.
Second, the civil service salary levels are currently at the middle level in our country .
And the intensity of labor is not too high.
Big percentage of students feel nervous during their important exams.
I said, I think I cannot adapt to the new environment so that I felt tired and I always wanted to go back to the past.
  Because I was used to having lessons with my previous friends.
  Very tired.
Nowadays, with the fierce competition in study, a lot of students suffer from great mental pressure.
We will organize some activities, such as the lectures, performances and so on.
If you interested in it, you can join in us.
Because of the studying, we all have more or less pressure.
Charles Dickens who was famous for novel 's writer was born at Portsea.
His father was arrested for debt and set to prison and his family was very poor.
When he was a young boy, he was experienced a lot of incredible events that help to write many works filled with profound emotion.
During Charles worked in a lawyer's office, he published his first work and gradually succeed to his later works.
Owing to hard working, his health was becoming fail.
Now, people have to face many problems in cities having so much more violence and people don't know how to the much better deal with the situation.
People understood that they should control their indeed.
What's more, the government paid attention to this problem and was taking measures to nudge people gently in the right direction and the situation were being solved by the government.
It's said that If one person have confidence, nothing can't prevent he from finishing every thing what he determined.
In fact, so it is.
So as a university student, we should more pay attention to construct confidences.
The first one , try our best study knowledge to full of us is essential, you have plentiful knowledge, can have more opportunities of emerge ourselves.
The second , we must take exercise our courage and talent for speaking, express ourselves easier get confidence.
The last one, make good friends with others, the one hand, we can have chat with friends we usually say have more friends have more way.
Rabbit is an cute kind of amimals.
It has two long ears.
They can make rabbits hear carefully.
It also has a short tail.
They make rabbits so lovely.
Rabbits likes carrots.
If you are lonely.
You can keep a rabbit.
It is furry, soft and white with two red eyes glaring above the chin.
Its ears are straight and long and they can turn and move slightly.
The reason was that I wanted to put on my favourite clothes with yellow hat and a pair of blue shoes.
I also have cut my hair with a new style.
I thought it was fashionable and suited me.
However, my parents disagree with me.
They though I should wear the clothes which should fit me because I was also a student at present.
But I still deny their idea, because I am adult at now and I have my own view to my own life.
Every country search for fast way to boost thier economy.
And this year, my school will hold a summer camp too.
We have many interesting activities.
I'll be your best guide.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some students think it is good for us.
In their opinion, we can get more knowledge through the Internet and we can broaden our minds.
Besides, some special experiences that we have can be shared with our friends at once.
Communication is becoming more and more easy.
However, a part of students think going online frequently is bad.
First, spending too much surfing the Internet does harm to oue eyes.
We will stay up to chat and play computer games if parents do not noticed us.
In my opinion, although sometimes getting online is not good for us, it makes a difference to our life.
My name is U.
I'm an American which is living in New York.
Last week, I went to Beijing to have a trip.
I went there by plane November 3.
At 4 o'clock, I arrived in Beijing.
I stayed there for four days.
It's so beatiful and majestic that I was very surprise.
The next day I went to the Forbidden City.
It's the place where the emperors lived.
It's very large and beatiful.
I think the emperors that lived there must be very happy.
On the third day, I went to the Bird's Nest Stadium and the Water Cube.
I have only seen them on TV.
When I walked close, I was shocked by the beauty of it and I took many photos of it.
Aim at this problem, we have two parts of attitudes on it.
Of course you can say yes or no .
As we all know that we should compare with others then found the shortage of ourselves, by the way, correct it.
Though there are so many cases about compason, and the influence is not always good.
we ought to comparehend the proverb of chinese  Two heads are always better then one  , it said that through comparing we find the shortcoming of ourselves then put we right, and we can also follow the example of others' good behavour .
It was a good day in my holiday.
I went shopping with my friend under sunlight.
When we felt little tire, we went to a noshery for took a rest.
When we took the meal, we talking about somethings funny.
Finshining the meal, we went out.
At the moment, I forgot my wallet which was in the noshery.
We were on our way to a stationer.
I wanted to take out my wallet in advence.
I was so worried when I couldn't find it in my bag.
I decided to return the noshery as soon as possble.
Suddently, I heared someone shouting.
I turned round curiousty.
I was suprised when I saw the people who was the waiter in the noshery.
He gave me my wallet.
I was so move that I couldn't say anything grateful.
He could get my wallet and wiped out the money, but he not.
I am a student, my neighbor loves listening to music very much.
He always listens whole day, even in the evening.
The music was noisy.
When I did my homework, the music made me careless.
And I couldn't do homework seriously.
I was not happy.
So I decided to talk with my neighbor:  Hello, I'm your neighbor.
I know you love music very much.
But can you think of others.
You can turn down the music.
It won't disturb anyone.
  My neighbor thought for a moment, and said:  Yes, you are right.
It is my mistake.
I promise turn down the music.
It is universally acknowledged that everyone needs a house .
From my perspective, this phenomenon exists for such a number of reasons.
First, with the popullationof China increasing, the demand of the house increase following the population.
Second, the lifetime of a house is really short, never could we live in one house through our lifetime.
From what can be seen above, the housing problem is closely connected with us and thus worth our attention.
Not only has online shopping become a very popular way of shopping, but also those people who don't like going out to go shopping like it.
An important aspect of learning stale, is more attracted more and more researchers and educators interested.
First, chinese learning can be in the study period with all aspects of knowledge.
Second, chinese learning can cultivate students hard quality and willpower.
Third, chinese learning can maximize the use of resources, the fewer teachers to education for all.
But chinese learning style has drawbacks.
In my opinion.
In general chinese learning more examination, rather than reality.
So with the society linked content is often limited and many people into the society needs to learn from scratch.
While the western focus on practical cannot ensure that everyone can well into society.
The Spring Festival is at the end of the winter.
During the Spring Festival, to begin with, people visit friends and the relatives.
After that, they get together to eat foods .
Dumplings are the most traditional food.
Afer dinner, people watch TV or chat with each other.
Then, the parents and children light firecracker at the 12 o'clock.
The whole sky is lighted and they enjoy the beautiful fireworks.
With time going by, the pace of technological development has increased beyond our wildest expectations.
, more and more social networks appear.
But others think the social networks are good for us.
On the one hand, we can chat in networks, get some useful imformations, go shopping, and so on.
As we all know, coin has two sides, so we should look on this question objectively.
As for as I am concerned, the social networks can make our life full of colors.
Sometimes, we can chat or find some imformations in the social networks to improve our English.
The text is comming.
My roomate is a football fan.
He likes watching football games.
That day, he was watching football games on the Internet.
He was very excited and cheered players of his favourite team when he was watching the game.
I was going over my lessons that night.
But his sound and the sound of the game was too big.
I couldn't look my book carefully so I was very ungry.
I told him that turned down the sound.
He was very sorry.
He turned it down and said sorry to me.
So I could go over my lessons and he could enjoy himself.
Liu Xiang has returned as a king and got the champion of national sports meeting in 2009, October.
To do this , we must establish a firm faith in our actions and be ready to devote ourselves to them .
I grew up in under the umbrella of the family, ideas and people the work is not enough mature, so I want to study at a university, because only grow to become first.
With the development of science and technology and the improvement of people's living standards, computers have become an indispensable part of people's lives.
In universities, almost every student now has one computer in the dormitory, and most of them rely more things on computers such as their dissertations, homework, reports.
It becomes a problem we have to pay attention to that the students rely too much on computers.
Many teachers may find that the different students write the identical dissertations.
In my view, as one of the necessary tools of students' learning, computers can help students obtain easy access to the new trends of academic development of certain subjects.
As the resources of network education are bountiful, computers are help for students to broaden their vision and enrich their knowledge.
Many now may argue that students should not be encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.
  notes Dr.
Indeed, if necessary the school could fire the incompetent teachers.
Besides, it is useful for those students going to take the course to publish student's evaluation results.
Mr.
wang teach me computer.
I feel it's necessary and interesting.
Fortunately, my school will hold a similar activity now.
So let me introduce it to you.
We can go to Tianjin Zoo.
Last weekends I helped my mom to make too much chores, but I still felt happy.
First, Icooked breaketfast, after the breaketfast I did the dishes andsweep the floor.
then Iwashed the clothes and help my sister make the bed.
Next I cleaned the living roomand water the flowers.
Finally I washed the clothes and took out the rubbish.
I didn'twatch TV until 13:00.
For a long time, I have thought of my perfect husband.
We call it our Mr.
Right.
From this, we can see that the perfect man must suit with us and we should get along well.
As a result, there are some qualities that my Mr.
It is important that my husband must be tall and good-building at the same time too slim or too fat are both disgusting me.
Also, he shouldn't only have a physical perfect quality.
The more important thing is that he must be smart, smarter than me.
He must have a good taste for fashion, appreciation, music, building etc.
Many girls don't like their husbands talking too much on daily life.
They like men who have in tensions inside.
That is something I want to add.
My perfect husband must be handsome enough for I really can not stand seeing such an ugly man when I open my eyes every morning.
Also, he had better be able to play the guitar or piano or something.
Then he can sing good songs for me.
One year is divided into four seasons, which give us different feelings.
As we all know winter is much coldest in years.
So when facing the winter, the different person has different attitudes to it.
On the contrary, as for me, I am looking forward to seeing the coming winter.
My favourite season is winter, because I maybe see the snow, which can make me excited very much.
And until now, I have studied at college in Luoyang for tow months where you can see ancient and modern building next to each other.
But what is the most important is that the snow in Luoyang should be very beautiful and the winter is coming.
Before winter comes, we can see that the leaves turn brown and then fall down.
In our lives, some person also uses  winter to stand for difficulties  .
So before winter comes, we are supposed to make preparations for everything to keep us in cold weather.
By all means, when we meet our lives' winter, we should not stop walking.
With economic booming, digital product is playing a more and more indispensable role in the present society.
Let's take the MP5 player as an example.
MP5 player is an advanced multi-media technology with hardware and software working together.
I own a square white one.
It is made of aluminium alloy so that it is light enough.
It is also small as well.
It also has some buttons on the side, which suggests its function.
It contains high capacity with relatively low power.
We can refer to it if we intend to see a movie, listen to the music or English.
The MP5 player can transfer the network one to the handheld one, which has brought real benefits to consumers.
this morning all plane will put off because of the big fog .
please take good care of yourself and yourbig .
there are no way but to wait .
please be patient and don't leave the restroom .
if the big fog clean up .
we will tell everyone faster .
at our dining hall .
the lunch is free .
the rest of passagers could go there to eat lunch the dining hall on the second floor.
we the weather turns favorable.our plane will take off.
With the development of Information Technology, a plenty of students prefer to depend on computer rather than write to communicate with their friends.
Some reasons can account for this phenomenon.
First, students spend more time in practicing the pronunciation of words.
Second, a lot of students think learn English just should remember the mean of words, there is no necessary to remember the spelling of words.
We must look for a means to resolve the phenomenon, because the present situation of eliding the spelling, if permitted to continue, will surely lead to wrong spelling.
In order to solve the problem we should pay attention to the form of word, then, remember the spelling.
As the technology and economic develops rapidly, internet has been an essential part for us people in modern society .
What's more, internet has a large amount of books for us to choose .
Mrs Susan Hobson is my secretary .
She has worked for two years.
On working time, she is really effective , hardworking, honest and careful .
She is only uses a heart do her work.
In my eyes, she is really a excellent secretary .
In addition, she grasps English and genmas well and also translate for me .
In my dreams we will have a leisure life in our college life, no sever teachers and heavy homework's, what we should do is just enjoy.
We can do what we like to do, play computer games, take exercise and so on.
However, my real college life is not that easy.
First of all, we also have many classes to take and homework's are much harder than before, mathematics is very hard to master.
Second, Altough we have a lot of leisure times, but the mantel pressure is huge.
We have to work hard in order to have a better future.
In my opinions, first, we should have plans, perhaps make a plan for every day, every year even the whole college life; Second, we need to be strict with ourselves.
Cell phones have become increasingly popular in China nowadays, especially among the youth.
However, there are some pros and cons toward the cell phones.
As for pros, cell phones have brought people a lot of benefits.
On the one hand, the most important benefit of cell phones is that it is very convenient.
People can keep in touch with their family, or friends, or anybody they want and miss at every time.
People also can make a reservation in advance through the cell phones.
On the other hand, cell phones are good for the study.
If the students have trouble in their studies, but their teacher can not give an answer at once, they can get some information from the Internet by the cell phones.
However, every coin has two sides, while we are discussing the merits of cell phones, we can not forget its demerits.
The most serious is the electric wave radiation which is thought to be harmful to users' brains.
It can make users' thinking slowness and forgetfulness.
Another problem is that when students are having a class, the ring of the cell phone may interrupt others.
What is said above is the pros and cons of cell phones.
We smiled and walked under the setting sun, and we crossed a bridge every day.
He was very surprised at start.
So I put down the bag back to the classroom.
I love life very much.
We have a saying in China is that man and women don't touch each other when passing or receiving.
Here I have something to say, University is a place to study is not for talk love place.
Volunteering means being willing to help people in need and make contributions to society for financial rewards.
There is no doubt that volunteering promote the social life better and volunteers also benefited a lot.
In all aspects of people's life, volunteering deliver many convenience to people.
For example, during the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, there are a lot of volunteers as a translator for foreigners tourists and show them the way.
In addition, volunteering not only make our city become more orderliness but also make people's life become more comfortable.
The last but not least, volunteering is a good opportunity for volunteers to exercise themselves.
This is especially useful for student volunteers.
For instance, student volunteers will enhance endurance and practise interpersonal communication when they help strangers, and they can apply their knowledge from textbook to the practice.
In a word, volunteering is really a good beheviour.
In conclusion, I can't deny that multimedia and technology bring many advantages to our life .
However, many people swarm into sites of historical interest during peak travel seasons, this produce many serious problems, for example, environmental pollution.
Resently.
More and more student not attention to spelling in study English.
Besause they think that it's not important.
so that their spelling very bad.
First.
They aren't like study English.
and teacher not requre spelling.
maybe isn't good education.
They living in poor hometown.
Besause of haven't money .
They can't buy pen and paper.
so they spelling are less impressive.
But above all.
Teachers aren't strict with students.
they only attach importance to reading and speaking.
Therefore.
student's spelling become more and more bad.
Fanaily.
they ignore English spelling.
In order to chang this condition.
Think highly of English spelling.
However teachers should request students to enhance take exercise spelling.
So that improve their score.
Let they have marketer beautiful handwriting.
And let the students know that attaches great importance to the spelling of English is very important to us.
My name is X, and my English name is Cooky.
I am from Y but I live in Jieyang, a countryside in developing, which is my second hometown.
Our family has been living there for twenty years that make me no communication with my grandparents.
I go to visit them only in the Spring Festival or Mid-Autumn Day which repented for eating together.
They love the land but they sometimes feel lonely.
We call them frequently.
I love reading especially I read Crazy Reading  in English and in Chinese.
I like sports.
My favorite sport is playing badminton.
We can play together without border.
My dream job is to be a learner.
As an old saying, It is never too old to learn.
My biggest dream is making my family to live better.
I expect from college to study my major fundamentally and to improve it step by step.
I want to make more friends who will help you friendly.
As we can see, the picture above is a vivid discription of a phenomenon that when a bottle breaks down, one people think it has different meanings and another thinks it is too bad.
In our life, we often hear people say, life is hard  , while I think the key to settling down all hard thing is to be optimistic.
Of course , sometimes hard things frustrate us and beat us.
But we should believe it will pass quickly.
So keep optimistic is important.
Once his optimistism rests on him very soon, and he will be active to work again.
  life likes a chocolate, you will gain happiness after eating it  .
In our life , we have different problems.
My parents think if I use the computer, I must be playing games, I do not agree .
Dear Tom, as one of my best foreign friends, first of all welcome you to visit my campus.
Now, I am glad to introduce my campus to you.
My campus- name is Anhui Wonder University Of Information Engingeering .
First of all, here I will introduce a good place to you, whose name is ZiPeng Mountain.
It located in the west of my campus and it is not far away from my campus.
There are many temples, trees, and flowers.
When you stand at the top of it, you will see the whole city.
Secondly, I think the most interesting place is library.
As we all know, knowledge is the power and can create prefect people.
So I am determined to take you to visit the library.
English is very important .
We should study it because it is a language.
We can use it to talk with foreign friends.
I like English very much, because it is very interesting .
Now, our country in to the world .
knowledge by studying English.
We can red foreign novels by English, such as Harry Pottery.
When the sale was agreed, we expressly stated that No.
J-29 Sale Confirmation's goods would be shipped by s.
We can make a partial shipment in Hongkong by s.
As we can see the picture, a boy is learning the subjects of Beijing university on the internet.
He seems to enjoy this way of online learning.
With the development of the social progress of science and technology, many people choose the way that working on internet including studying.
On the internet, we could pay attention to the news of the world, learning popular language, and studying subjects at home.
It is very convenient for us to studying well and solving something we don't understand.
But isn't that all the education we really need.
I am sure listening to the teachers in the classroom than in online learning harvest more because we can have communication and interaction with the teachers.
Although it is trendy and convenience of online learning, something we don't studying and something we couldn't harvest.
With the development of industry, the earth is becoming warmer and warmer.
Obviously, our human beings play an important role in it_we are facing the problem of energy crisis, so we have destroyed the plants, which could absorb the carbon.
We can always remember a time when deep blue sky, the song of the birds, sunshine, and mild climate.
There was a time two years ago, I happened to be upstairs when the window was open.
About three o'clock in the afternoon, the sky become gray and the wind was wildly.
After one minute, the sand duststorm happened.
I was entirely hold by its power.
We surely have to do something to protect the environment.
First, we must build up the confidence.
Only we all willing to make effects to stop the global warming can we be the winner.
Second, our government should realize the seriousness of the problem and come up with some measures to deal with it.
First of all, the authorities should adopt the policy of constantly development and take laws comcerning environmental protection.
More fall of comfort the old man who siad he has health care no matter, let a person to leave.
At the process of my growing up, it happened a lot of things.
Some things were happy, some things were sad and some were surprised.
When I studied in highschool, I had no interest in math and the math teacher never teach us how to solve the problems, so I never get a high grade in exam.
Many teachers paid more attention to the students who had a good grade.
The second term, I was selected in another class, the math teacher was full of patience, once we had questions, she helped us to solve them timely, what's more, she told us many other methods.
She always encouraged us to cooperate and invited us to her office to know our study.
Not only she was my teacher, but she was my friend.
But I think traditional reading is much better than online reading.
It can protect our eyes.
For instance, traditional books are not easily portable so it is inconvenient for people to carry more once they need and they are vulnerable to water and fire.
But I like the feeling of move paper.
In conclusion, public libraries has been playing[t3] a vital role in our lives for such a long time.
On the other hand, to evaluate teachers' ability, can cause influence about teachers interact with students .
In recent years, the excessive use of packages has become quite a serious problem in China.
It is conceivable that the excessive packing has mainly arisen from the two following factors.
For one thing, people in mounting numbers are inclined to send a variety of gifts to their relatives and friends, especially during the holidays, and decorated gift sometimes are a symbol of good taste.
I think, the government should also put restrictions on the excessive packaging.
A majority of think that they can access information and knowledge via the Internet easily .
In their views, there are three contributing a to this attitude as following: Firstly, surfing on the Internet can broaden our minds so that we have access to get more knowledge quickly and easily.
Furthermore, we also can chat with friends and share the experience which we have gotten in order to improve ourselves together at the same time.
People, however, differ in their opinions on this matter.
In their point of views, they against to get online frequently.
On one hand, using the Internet for too long does bad to our eyes.
Whats more, some of the students would be accdict to the computer games.
And as a result, they can't concentrate on their lessons because of it.
As far as am concerned, I think so shouldn't use the Internet so much because we can't concrol ourselves easily.
I am L, I am come from China.
And i will study in London.
My require is not very especially.
I just need the house of the downtown, and then, i think it must be a nice traffic.
Because i need go to school everyday.
Because i am a student for study English, so i hope my host can speak fluency English, if not, i am afraid we can not communication to each other.
By the way, i have a little demand, The best you can help me to wash my clothes, if you can, i hope that is free.
But i can cook meal myself, so never mind my what to eat.
By all means, if you not dislike Chinese food, we can have meal together.
Above information are my ask to find a house, i think established will appear a pertty man to adopt me.
Increasingly competitive in modern society that makes young persons have so much pressure in searching jobs.
Secondly, if high-level employees retire at the age of 55, this can give some pressure to the young employees and accelerate the development of themselves.
In many company, young employees just do some low-tech or less crucial tasks, because of there are many high-level employees who are older.
Thirdly, these high-level employees who are older, worked very hard when they were young, or they could not achieve today's level.
So, lot of them, did extremely little for their family.
Now, they become older and their children may have children too.
There should be some persons to look after for these babies.
Moreover, its chief functions, namely to deter potential crimes and to afford justice to those who mourn over the deceased as compensation, however, are not act their jobs well .
Because death penalty is no more than an expedient solution that rarely solves long-term problems.
We are all human and we all undergo the life for the first time hence we are all destined to make mistakes.
Environmental problems are going worse all aorund the world.
Nowadays, the population is increasing so sharply that natural resources are overdeveloped to support it.
Because of that, a negative effect is taken place on the environment.
Moreover, many people don't have access to safe water for lack of water resources.
In my opinions, to solve these problems, effective measures should be taken as follow: For a start, we should slow down the speed of the rise in population so that we can have a balanced between protection and using of natural resources.
Protecting enviroment, everyone should see to.
My name is X.
I come from Y.
My favorite subject is English, my favorite fruit is watermelon.
I don't like running, on the other Words, I dislike any sports.
I dislike getting up early.
Now I am a university student, I want to become better.
I will try my best to study.
In the afternoon, we went to the Please Museum.
It was interesting.
We took some photos.
In the evening, we went shopping.
We are pleased to inform you that the Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 had been shipped by S.
Pearl and it will be partial shipment by S.
With the blooming of the cities, not only our big cities are polluted seriously, but also the quanlity of the air is worse and worse.
There are varieties of reasons led to this phenomenon, including poisonous gases left out from the cars and plants, the cut of the foreast all over the world, etc.
We can see that there are some things we have to do now and when there's a will, there is a way.
Now we have a large export order, in order to do business so we will have a foreign language training.
First, this way can improve our ability.
They can talk about learning.
In this way, we can make every student show themselves.
Second, students can improve their grades in this way.
Because through the discussion they can discover their study goal, they can study very hard.
But this way also have disadvantages.
Some students do not talk about knowledge in the discussion.
To sum up, this way need us to have a correct attitude.
With the development of technologies, iPad became the students' great partner.
In fact, iPad can be used to listen to music and read books, but also playing games.
It's good for our studies, too.
As for a student, iPad can make us learning much easier, because we can find the words if we don't know, and the newest information from iPad.
Also we can get some exercises to do for free on the internet by iPad.
But the most important is that we talked to our classmates and teachers if we need something to talk to.
With time goes by, we all appreciate the way to get information conveniently on the internet.
Actually in our daily life it's normal to see a senior student played iPad and we always lied that we will put all of our energies on our studies if we get one.
But it has some dreadful influence either, for example, we always played the iPad when we are having the class, so it let us getting the worse grade next test.
And then when we getting back to home, we probably played the iPad but not finishing our homework yet.
In my opinions, iPad is only a modern way to relax ourselves, so we'd better do not have an iPad, it's expensive for a student and will trouble us to focus on study anymore.
Because people can see animals everyday and animals can be taken good care in zoos.
In this world there are many cdlebrities, they are not only have their unoque ability and success.
Edison in his numerous failed, be known to all the world incentor.
Helen kate with her strong will power to overcome her disability .
This week, our class has a discussion.
In class,40% of my classmates think we should keep them in zoos.
In my opinion, I think they should live in the wild.
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
Then.
I am going to listen to the BBC to improve my listening.
Because I am weak in listening .
Secondly.
However.
Finally.
Online shopping works great for me.
The passage of time, never pause.
As a matter of fact said which has reached season, then next will not be far.
In the us to study in the house of the hall close.
I have not been getting in touch with you for a long time .
When I was a child , in my eye you are patient but strict .
Because you are a teacher , all you think are right and if I can not understand problems you always explained them to me until I completely understand .
But when I make silly mistakes you would criticize me too, and you always made me crying .
Because of you I never make the same mistakes now .
I thank you so much mother.
My teachers take care of me, so you need not worry about me .
Please look after him instead of me .
I love him too.
I study hard because you said to me before: Nothing in the word is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.
I will follow your steps , I will become your pretension.
Even if reading is beneficial to us, which can let us learn more about the world and abandon our horizons, it's not the best way of learning.
There is no short cut on the way of learning.
But doing is totally different from reading.
Just like you can't feel the sweet smell of flowers by others' words , like you can't be astounded by the beauty of nature through some pictures, you need to be there and feel it by yourself.
Nowadays, more and more students lack social practice .
Some people think it is a big problem for us.
we can find a job easier in the future.
Neither some don't think it is necessary .
In my opinion, I think it is obvious that social practice is playing a more and more important role in Chinese college education.
We should put our studies in the first place.
As we know, everybody always confront difficult in the life.
When we face difficult, we must brave face it.
In that difficult play a part in our life.
As long as we defeat it, we can succeed.
Now, the college students face difficult choose hid.
So we must face difficult, we must defeat difficult, so we are in the succeed.
In fact, they lose the chance of success themselves.
Face difficult, the school should encourger students.
The students should brave face, whenever have difficult.
The last, I hope the students brave defeat difficult.
In a word, Failure is the mother of success.
As we all know, carbon dioxide is a very important factor to lead to the global warming.
Carbon dioxide is not very poisonous in the atmosphere, but each year since, the concentration has crept upward.
There are many factors which lead to the steadily rising concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Firstly, in the last few centuries, people used some fuels which contain carbon, such as coal, oil, natural gas and so on.
These fuels were burned to carbon dioxide and poured into the atmosphere at a rate of many tons per day.
Secondly, people cut down trees, so less carbon dioxide is absorbed by trees.
Thirdly, the population grows up quickly from year to year.
Due to the global warming, some measures should be taken to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
First, we should plant more and more trees to save our forests, Second, we must have new sources of fuel that don't involve the production of carbon dioxide.
As far as I am concerned, in daily life, we can ride bike, sometimes, we can give up cars to walk on the street.
We don't use disposable chopsticks.
For one things, we should save papers and protect plants from cutting down.
Nicholas Sparks, the author of Dear John, was born in Omaha, Nebraska.
He and his wife are pious Catholics.
His first novel The Passing which was not published wrote in 1985 and The Royal Murders in 1989 when he was in college.
Dear John was wrote under the background of the war.
This is a book of love fiction which tell us a moving story about John and Savannah.
John drops out of school and enlists in the army not knowing what to do with his life until he meets the girl Savannah.
Their mutual attraction quickly grows into the kind of love that leaves Savannah waiting for John to finish his tour of duty.
John wants to settle down with the girl who has captured his heart.
He promises Savannah that he will come back soon and then there will no separation between them.
It is time they have to separate, so they write letters to each other.
But the 911 event, out of patriotic feelings, John requires to extend the tour of duty.
There are some obstacles between John and Savannah, but finally, Savannah support the decision of John.
After John back to troops, for a long time, he haven't received a letter from Savannah.
Then he receives a Dear John letter which broken his heart.
He hears bad news about his father who devoted himself into the collection of coins and have little communication with John after he grows up.
John back to his home town and know the truth of the Dear John letter-Savannah married Tim who suffer from cancer and needs her help.
The whole story lead us to feel the love between John and Savannah, John and his father.
True love must suffer a lot.
It is common believed that if you love someone, it is not so important to get together, but I hold the view that if someone do beloved, they should try their best to get together and love each other with all they have.
Savannah should not make the decision by herself, she can help Tim, even not marry him.
I should say that sometimes love is selfishness.
The most touching is John's father, he loves John deeply, but he don't know how to show it.
Maybe he just show his love by collecting coins, he misses the time he spent with John when John was a child.
So many freshman can't adjust to the college learning.
I feel the school environment is very important on campus.
On campus, some students will have smoking by the school environment .
Why the students learn faster now, I think the most factors is that the school environment.
At the same time, the students should see the nature of the school environment.
cities get more and more nervous.
The reason of housing problem is the population more and more, and the price of house is very expensive.
I think government should take measures to solve the housing problem cities.
But my father is wise .
When I complained the society, She only patted me on my shoulder.
I am very glad to hear from you.
My favourite teacher is an very enthusiastic woman called Mrs Wang, who teaches me English in junior high.
She is a successful English teacher.
Because the student who is teached by her always get great grades in the final exam.
She is strict but patient.
She makes everyone feels happy in Engilsh class.
In her class we learned not only the scope of exam but also some other interesting knowledges of Engilsh.
She often held some activities in class at that time and we have fun.
I used to be very poor in Engilsh and even decided to give up.
Then I met Mrs Wang.
  and encouraged me a lot.
She gave me some advice on how to learn English well.
With her help , I made great progress and become more confident.
Recently, the problem of food safety has been worried by people all the time.
Food safety brings much terrible influence to society and ordinary people.
For example, we eat kinds of snack which cooked by illegal cooking oil.
And, tainted milk is threatening both the young and the old every day.
So and chemical additives, pesticide pollution.
I hear a message about you that your relation with your friend is out of the quetion.
I donot want see that the event used you sad.
First I think that everything cann't destory our friendship.
I suggest you should add the chance about talking with your friend.
In a word, friendship is the best valuable of us.
As it is known to all that there is nothing sexier than being confident and taking care of yourselves.
Therefore, the fact that self-confidence is of great significance in today's society.
Nevertheless, more and more young people realize it is difficult to build up self-confidence for the reason that they are not able to communicate with others.
What's more, the rapid development of electronic technology has influenced the various dimensions of human life, which means that the modern communication technology such as computer and intelligent mobile phone has dominated our daily life.
As a result, the distance between people has been farther and farther.
From my point of the view, self-confidence is rather important for everyone.
No matter if you face the pressure of learning or work challenge.
According to the forementioned, the prescription for the problem lies in many aspects.
On the one hand, we should set a clear overall goal accompanied with the periodic targets, which bases on our personal abilities, then we need to draw up an effective plan.
On the other hand, we have to make every effort to follow the plan and achieve the goal step by step.
In addition, an optimistic attitude plays a key role in our daily life.
Whenever possible, we should do self-examination form time to time and try to get more friends without hesitation so that we will conquer our fears gradually.
At the same time, don't be afraid of making mistakes.
All in all, self-confidence is more than an attitude, it comes from knowing ourselves and having rational judgements.
In many intstances, we can found that the academic cheat harm students interest.
A lot of students were damaged by the academic cheat.
For my part, in order to reject academic cheat, we should make strict demands on ourselves and develop our academic realize.
Such as 40 years old man Li Jin Qi.
We can found easier than begin when do it over and over again .
Now more and more students ingore the importance of spelling.
In fact, the importance of spelling is out of our imagination.
Many causes result in this phenomenon.
First of all, many students read cursorily and ingore the meaning of words.
There is something special that students of colleage used to write with listening music.
That is bad habit.
Second, students always write in the examination paper.
Just answering those questions.
And this brings the problem on.
Finally, students pay attention to listening and reading.
I think we should attach importance to the standard of spelling.
Spelling isn't only a requirement, but also a attitude.
If we do it carefully, we will improve soon.
When we read articles, not only do we undertand the meaning of article, but also interprete every word.
Accumulating is important.
we can write a article and consummate it.
After many times, I think we can see our improvement.
Improvement of spelling lies in details.
All in all, spelling is long insistance.
University graduates should develop lots of qualifies.
First of all, we should be honest.
So in the exam you shouldn't cheat the others.
Society need the honest people.
We should develop the habit of honesty.
Second, we should develop the habit of the independent life.
In college we need do everything by ourselves.
Do not rely on our parents.
Third, we should plan our future and look forward to a good job.
On my opinion, our character is the most important.
We are very pleased to inform you that the goods under our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 are shipped by S.
Pearl  .
The goods will be transhipped from Hongkong by S.
S  Follwer  .
The cost is associated with cost and freight.
As we all know, many college students lack experiences of social practice, which is a common thing in our state.
He will never know the cruelty of our socity as well as the principle for others behaviours if he does not take part in social practice.
the happiness of taking part in it.
College student ought to take part in society practice as much as possible in their spare time if they want to train themselves.
As far as i am concerned, for us college students, we must take part in some society practice.
I really like eating seafood, after dinner, we would drink coconut juice, that was amazing.
Before I went to college, I always pursued Libertarianism.
Considering that Peking University is famous for its relaxed environment, I suspected that there would not be a more suitable school for me except it.
It is really a satisfying life.
I can do any legal things I want to do and no one will prevent me.
I can dine out whenever I want and eat whatever I want.
However things are not always go as you expect.
Problems begin to emerge.
The money I spend is beyond budget and my scores are low.
So, I have to make some changes.
I begin to lower the unreasonable cost and learn to resist the temptations of electronic devices.
On balance, my life in Beida is wonderful and I like it.
In my Senior High school, I'm very happy to make a lot of new friends, including my teachers.
They are very enthusiastic and friendly.
People say that first impressions are very important, I think maybe it's right.
My first impression of Mrs Yu was that she was a very beautiful woman and her spoken English said brilliant.
The English class was interesting.
We uesd a new textbook and Mrs Yu's method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.
She thinks grammar is imprtant.
She uesd a computer to teach us and then many language points appeared on a big screen.
We saw very clearly.
Mrs Yu wants to help us improve our spoken English, so she set a task: everyone need to prepare an introduction on your own, and then introduced ourselves in English to all the classmates before the class.
I think this way is funny and useful to improve our English skills, not only on speaking, but also on writing.
As well as, we can have confidence and courange to do everything after this experience.
And the behaviour of the other students shows that they like her too.
They complement each other .
Nowadays, with the development of society, making track for a star is normal social phenomenon.
Some people do not support make track for stars , they think that they may ruin school.
When they study books, they not only develop skill, but also take fun.
There are many jobs in the world .
Switzerland is a developed country located in Central Europe.
The area of Switzerland is 41000 square kilometres.
The population of Switerland is 7.5million.
Switzerland is a beautiful country and visited by lots of people every year.
Hello, Sharon.
I am a volunteer, I think I can help you improve your English level, because I was living in China.
My university is Chinese, all kinds of Chinese grammar system I can teach you.
If you want to learn Chinese, you must first learn basic vocabulary, usually have to listen to Chinese songs, look no English subtitles Chinese film.
In fact, happiness is always you put your heart into it.
I will never forget one thing.
Once, i head a bad mark at a math test.
But when i got back home late.
Nener give up.
I fell happy.
Whnever i am in trouble, i can fell my parent' .
In fact, more than four ways can be adopted.
Nowadays, college students fall in love seems to be a very common thing.
Almost everything in the university about love at least once.
Sometimes people in love reckless, regardless of the cost to do, thus has affected their studies.
Even for a variety of reasons lead to psychological hurt in love.
In my opinion, love is like a coin has two sides, there are positive and negative.
If you do not give yourself away in love but it as a drive, you will achieve greater progress in your learning.
I do not think you are able to tell them anything other than that your grandparents love it.
I'm very glad to hear from you.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
It's a symbol of traditional Chinese culture and can not be replaced by anything.
Before Spring Festival, people clean their house carefully to sweep away all the bad luck in the last year and hope for good luck in the coming new year.
Also they decorate the house with red, such as couplet and so on.
fresh meat and vegetables can't be absent, as well as beautiful new clothes.
During Spring Festival, all the family get together, enjoy delicious food and watch TV.
While , they go outdoor to set out fireworks and firecracker.
Next, because the youth is the future of china, smoking can damage the health of teenage, make them depressed, effects of their development.
As all with us know there is a trend of college students to do a part-time job during our spare time.
However, not all of us agree with it.
On the one hand, some people agree to take a part-time job.
They think there are many advantages.
First, we must know the advantages of ourselves before finding a job.
It may be a good chance for us to know ourselves and take good advantage of it.
Second, we have to find some information about the job which we will do by using all kinds of ways.
To be honest, it's also another way to study.
In the process, we may recognise a deal of information and lots of people, which is good for us to know the outside world and learn many things we can't learn at school.
What's more, it's also a good way for us college students to reduce the burden of parents.
As an adult, we have the responsibility to do that.
However, on the other hand, a group of people disagree with it.
The reason is that they think as a student the task and purpose is study.
If college students taking a part-time job, there may be less time of us to study.
Today, we are under the pressure.
If we don't have the professional skills, we may lose the competition.
In addition, another disadvantage is that some people use the eager that many college students want to make money to expose the false information.
And many students are addicted to it.
In conclusion, there are advantages and disadvantages of college students doing a part-time job.
In my opinion, only we take control of the degree and handle the time properly, can we get the benefit from it.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I think my life will be wonderful in many years.
I will be twenty years old.
Maybe I will go universty.
At university I will be more freedom and colorful than at high school.
I will study very relaxed.
I hope I will work in an article of clothing as a designer.
I will enjoy my work and get along well with my pupil.
I'll do a good job in whatever I do.
In my free time, I'll start a desert store with my good friends.
Of course, I will also do exercise in the future.
On holidays, I'll travel around the world.
Everyone has some unforgettable experience.
I became a volunteer in championship.
I did much work in the past days, such as, keeping clean of surrounding.
It is very tired thing for me.
Exhausted as I was during this thing, I still feel it was a worthy and wealthy experience throughout our life, which definitely shows that only when I have a clean and comfortable environment can our society keep in harmony.
Accordingly, let's treat nature the way do to ourselves, which is of great benefit both in the short term and long term.
As soon, the championship is over.
Though time passing quickly, soon came the moment for end, we still immersed in the wonderful atmosphere.
It's memorable what's happened during my life.
When he was children, his father was died of Gastric cancer.
Since that moment he is still live in Single-parent families.
The burden of family was pressured on his mother shoulder.
As the age growth, In order to share his mother pressure, he have to work after school.
I still remember what's he did for me.
That a sunny day, I spend time with my tea-mates to play football on the ground.
I don't know what's happened to me, I just fell unbearable pain.
My ankle was injured.
I am laying and moaning.
At the first time, he was running to me and give me his hands.
and then he was riding his bicycle and get me to hospital.
I have to be in hospital.
He always did his Everyday things.
But he has a little change.
Just as this change, I know what's pure friendships.
Now, He came true his dream.
and studied in university which He wants to.
Thanks him to make me fell pure friendships.
if l am elected the student union chairman , first of all , l will make our students' life become much more colourful to rank my brain .
I get a couple of kind friends and everything goes well.
I always talk with my Chinese partners about the study and almost everything about China.
The visit to the famous places of historic interest and scenic beauty of Beijing is unforgettable and by watching tne Peking Opera I learn mang things about the Chinese history.
What is more, I enjoy many delicious Chinese as well.
I will come back soon.
It is important to read on our life.
This promblem have disscussed in thos year.
Someone thinks that people should select to read books.
Their say that people have limited energy, but inthe word books is lot of.
However, someone thinks that people should read exentensively.
Their say that now is era of informations.
we must learn large informantions by reading.
In my opinoin, we not only read selectively but also read extensively.
In era of informations, we should read extensively to improve ourself.
But, the first we should select good books to read extensively.
Symptoms like feeling dizzy, lacking in strength, having bad sleep, inappetency and so on, will be recognised as the anxiety.
First of all, making appropriate progress for revision is a good option to make full use of time.
Besides, if having a bath or a glass of hot milk before at night, you will fully relieve stress during the sleep.
According to the research, students like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people.
At the same time, what they like least is that other people can reach them.
They made me confused.
Firstly, the mobile devices made our life more convenient.
When we are thirsty for reaching someone, they solved the problem.
So, we really like the mobile devices that we can reach others.
Secondly, I think I can understand the students who do not like the mobile devices that others can reach them.
Owing to they are teenagers, they are in a special period.
But parents will be very anxious if they can not reach thier children.
On the other side, your families and friends' call will make your heart warm when you are upset.
As far as I am concerned, mobile devices made our life easier.
Whether the service that we can reach others or others can reach us.
Studentes are always looking forward to summer vacation.
They consider summer vacation as the time of the year during which relaxing and having fun is the theme.
Whensummer acatio actually arrives , however , I don't tinkstudents will discover it as fun at all.
Although it's true than shool is done by the time of summer vacation, but the student are not free at all: lessons of various skills and activities have filled their day and mountains of homework has buied their desktop.
Even if some lucky one's managed to escape from those prisons, they are still troubled with the problem of how to spend their time, for there aren't many friend available to play with.
For instance, some people exceedingly trust that IQ is what successful people should possess.
It can be easily proved that the one with high IQ can be open to new theories and really catch the fresh ideas.
On the contrary, some others disagree.
They believe that those with high EQs can balances feelings with reason, logic and reality.
On the whole, as far as I'm concerned, we can put IQ and EQ at the same place.
As these people with high EQ run up against to a technical problem, they get the answer right away, since they built up networks of people before they needed them.
However, others with high IQ may tackle the problems on their own.
Yunmeng is located in Qingzhou of shandong province.
Mount Yunmen is a good place.
As the time went by, I have become a number of students in Gan Su Agricultural University.college students play an important role in the future.
So we should study hard and improve ourselves.
for us.
Although we fail in the study or life, we can not give up, because we always believe failure is the mother of success In my opinion, we had better take an active part in the school .
In order to improve our traffic condition, some people suggest that a limit should be put on the number of private cars.
The reason is that the public transportation condition is poor and the efficiency is low.
Almost every family has its own car in many cities.
What's more , there are increasingly more and more people being customed to driving private cars, and the private cars indeed have its own advantages.
If we put limit on the number of private cars.
All in all, it's far from a good solution to put a limit on private cars for traffic jams .
Apparently, internet brings great convenience to our communication.
Iong long ago, there was not internet in our life, people only could write letters and flying pigeon signalling to communicate.
Obviously, this way is very slowly.
It cost the much time.
On the one hand, the internet is vital, it can let family members, friends and classmates to communication more in the way.
This way is not limited by time.
So it is popular with our life, and people like it very much.
People can spend time in chatting with acquaintances through QQ or MSN.
I think it is convenient and quick.
One the other hand, it has the bad side.
The impact of the internet on interpersonal communication has the good way and the bad way.
In my opinion, everyone should make good use of the internet.
In the picture we can see , two people are terrified by the Online Rumors.
Every incident have their own derivations.
The reason why more and more people terrifying of the online Rumors is becoming more and more clearly.
Now I have two main reasons to explain it.
Firstly, people don not need to use their real names when they send messages in the internet.
So how can we solve the problem is becoming an extremely urgency.
As far as I am concerned, the first thing we should do is to make a effectively system to manage the cosmos on line.
Nowadays, more and more people would prefer online shopping, which means that the buying and selling take place just through internet without going out.
On the one hand, online shopping has many merits.
First, it can save our time and energy.
With the computer, we can buy what we want anytime by a click of mouse without going to actual stores and hanging around by foot.
Second, it is common knowledge that clothes, phones and so on are cheaper than those sold in physical stores, which is one of the main reasons that people like online shopping.
On the other hand, it also has some demerits.
Such as clothes, we can not try clothes but select them by pictures and sizes, which may cause us to buy unsuitable clothes and waste money.
This story was a love story between the Cowherd and the Girl Weaver.
Long long ago, the Cowherd depended the cow on each other for survival.
One day, the old cow asked for him to go to the forest and then he would see a beautiful girl who would marry with him.
The Cowherd was gloomy, but he did.
It happened like what the old cow said and they lived a happy life.
But good times did not last long, the cow died after he told him the matter.
Unfortunately, the Girl Weaver was caught by the Queen.
The Cowherd in cowhide accompanied by their children was chasing the girl.
When he was about to catch her, the Queen used a hairpin to draw a line which made them apart from each other.
Both of them struggled and cried.
Because of their touching behaviour, the Queen agreed with them to meet each other in just one day.
I'm going to be a good doctor after Igraduate from the univrsity.
I believe I'll bring my parents health and happiness.
In my spare time.
I'll stay with my family.
We'll tralel a lot and a lots of sports.
I'll also read as many books as I can for I want to improve my self.
It is obvious that everyone has a wonderful father.
To start with, my father looks like a visual aids.
In my childhood, when I fell down, it was his responsibility to pull me up.
However, he pretended to be falling down, and standarded up by himself.
With his encouragement, I standed up personally.
What's more, my father is also my teacher.
He strikes as me a master.
When I was behind in others, I am awful.
He helped me instead of criticizing me.
So that I made big progress.
Sometimes, when I abounded myself to entertainment, he would be strict with me.
He gave me insights into convenience.
Evevtually, only depending on my father can I grow up quickly.
Following him, I never get behind.
Faced with difficulties, I never say no.
In a word, my father fills me with life.
It was a sunny day .
There are many advantages of shopping online.
First, shopping online is very convenience, you can shop in your home or office rather than shop in the mall.
Second, shopping online is much cheaper, because the shops in the internet do not need to pay taxes.
There are also some disadvantages, such as unbefitting size, difference of color and so on.
And sometimes you can take some measures.
Our Chinese has a traditional festival, the Spring Festival.
Every family member should come back to have the reunion dinner on the Lunar New Year Eve.
This reunion dinner is not only a dinner to celebrate the coming year, but also means the concern to the family and parents.
But the single-child couples have difficult deciding which side they should go, they can only go to the husband's family or the wife's family.
Both of their parents only have one child and will be very lonely and disappointed if they don't go back.
The single-child couples not only have trouble in choosing go to whose family, but also have the problem in many other aspects, such as supporting their parents.
Each single-child couple have to support four adults and the pressure will be heavier with time goes by.
It's totally different from the last generation.
I think the government ought to pay more attention to the old persons' supporting.
First of all, every has their own characters.
Secondly, everyone has right to choose.
as a single person, not all in the world we like, we accept something just because we are forced to; however, from our bottom of hearts, in other words, we would like to say  no for something.
Finally, they can use their time to do whatever they like.
taking the classes they don't like is a painful thing, besides, it is not the only way to know much more knowledge, for example, traving all around the world can learn something useful we cannot learn from the textbooks.
We have organised an activity.
Our activity aims is to get close to the nature and take exercise.
We will get together at the school gate at 1:30.
We will start at 8:00 and end at 11:00.
Our destination is Guang Ming Farm that is 2 kilometers away .
We will plant vegetables and water flowers.
Shangai is one of the biggest city in the world.
It is big modern.
In China, all of people in city, country knows Shanghai.
The Oriental Pearl TV Tower and Sanghai Centre.
Shanghai is just a small village for fishing.
Just have 100 people.
Shanghai haven't got high building and doesn't have foreigner.
Pudong is just a big farm.
Until to 1940, Shanghai is knew by foreigner.
Then SHanghai changed.
People built the bund.
Shanghai held EXPO in 2010.
Shanghai become a big, nice and morden city.
Shanghai turns very big and interesting.
As far as we know , there were many kinds of accidents about food safety .
For example , the little baby who drinks milk power are harmful , such as sanlu , mengniu , yashili , yili ect .
Development is increasing faster , although fast food is convenient and delicious , if you eat too much it will be bad for your body .
You had better have meal at home because it is healthy .
I think China must be strict with food , ban the unqualified food .
We should protect ourselves and had better eat fast food as little as possible .
However, every coin has two sides.
The advantages of television are rich and colorful.
As everyone knows, watching television too much may affect our eyesight, which seems to be a serious problem.
And we must have a long term vision .
Nowadays with the increase of netizen , the internet become more and more important .
So, the safety of information must become more and more genuine.
Sometimes, more people use the internet spread false information, to seek illegal benefits.
Because of this , more people get much loss.
According to this situation, I think we should take measures to change this internet rumor.
First , The government and the public security departments should increase the strength of management.
Second, wedsites should stop illegal dissemination of information, and propaganda network safety consciousness.
Finally, people must learn how to listen to information.
Children are parents' wealth.
When young person have kids, become fathers or mothers, they definite love their children, and wish them healthy and intelligent.
Therefore, parents give concern and protect to children is a very normal thing.
This phenomenon leads to negative consequences.
Above of all, I think we should pay more attention to the elders.
We can live with them or in the wings.
It is necessary for us to communicate with them frequently.
I want to study English for different reasons, English is an international language.
So I think we should study English hard.
First, we can pass the exams very easy.
Second, we can be concerned by the boss of the company.
Third, we can communicate with the foreigners, so we can have opportunity to go aboard to study and development.
With the warm milk at night, the soft greetings all the time, i think i am surrounded by love.
The love comes from my parents, classmates and even the strangers makes me feel warm and happy.
My mother always says ' if somebody gives you love, do not forget to return the love.
So in order to show my love , i am going to give help to every person who needs.
As a saying goes:  people regard food as their god.
The food safety problem cause a lot of harm to our country.
From the picture, we can clearly see that an old women sitting on the chair in front of the mirror and talking by herself.
I feel worry about the old women because she just have her shadow accompany.
It occurred to me that this deed is irresponsible for their parents.
people should carry their parents together or people go back home frequently as far as possible.
What's more, his treatment is not for me, but for himself.
  You see, though you suffered so much, our master still cares so much about you.
To my surprise he treats me all by his own efforts.
I hope he can be happy forever.
  We have a good master.
The mobile phone is more and more popular in our life, and you can see most people use them everywhere, as well as library.
There is no doubt that if some people are reading, but your phone ringing, there is not only trouble others but also trouble yourself.
With university life coming .our life changes a lot , we have many obvious opinions distinct from senior life and middle school life .
While now a large number of university students demand to evaluate teachers' work .
As a teacher it is impossible to make all students satisfied no matter how good the teacher is .
So students evaluate teachers' work is unfair .
Teachers will be not in mood doing their work .
People who use mobile phone gradually growing with the development of society.
And mobile phone gives a deeply influence on people, especially on college students.
A recent survey of 2000 college students asked about their attitudes towards phone calls and text-messaging.
Naomi Baron who conducted of the survey is a professor of linguistics at American University in Washington D.
  In my view, I also find some problems about the using of mobile phone, especially college students.
Mobile phone gives a deeply effect on college students' life.
In modern society, most college students are lack of the ability of communicating with other people.
They always live in their own world.
For example, if college students have parties with their friends, they usually don't communicate with their friends.
They always play games or go surfing by mobile phone in the corner.
While college students have problems, they would use mobile phone to contract with their old friends.
A lot of students don't want to be bothered by other people.
College students always think that staying alone is very cool.
They are reluctant to answer if old friends often call them.
It may be thought of annoying.
In conclusion, college students should frequently communicate with other people by mobile phone.
And mobile phone just was a way to communicate with figures.
We could not lessen communicate during using mobile phone.
Phone calls and text-massaging would make people's relationship close.
College students could show loving care for their parents and old friends.
And we should not let phone become a obstacle when we use it.
Undoubtedly, e-book is more convenient than the real book which is made from the papers.
Generally speaking , the advantages of e-book is divided into three categories.
Firstly, e-book is much smaller compared with the real book, therefore, it is easy to bring .
Secondly, e-book can hold a large number of books at the same time, we can choose what we want to read randomly.
Thirdly, the real book always cost much money, e-book is cheaper than it.
However, reading e-book too long will damage our eyes.
I hold that e-book is no less necessary than the real book .
Some business men are often busy with their work, reading real books will cost them a lot of time , so e-book is much suitable for them.
There is something worth thinking about that happened in society today.
Some olds faint on the road but nobody would like to give a helping hand so that many olds are wounded even death.
the reason why these take place is we do not believe in others.
Between the lessons in the afternoon, a student fainted, as soon as they classmate saw this, they called on teachers to ask for help and sent him to the hospital immediately so that he got treatment on time.
Those who bring sunshine into their lives of others, can not keep it from others.
Every thing has two sides.
Genetically engineered food production technology has its advantages and disadvantages .
Now the population is increasing, people don't have enough food supply.
It can solve the food crisis.
And it may lead genetic mutation.
lIn my opinion, we should use the genetically engineered food production technology properly.
Nowadays, owing to increasing social pressure, people have commenced to be more concerned about recreation.
Accordingly, keeping dogs or cats, which could bring delight to the masters, is definitely one of the trends.
Traditionally, dogs are admittedly deemed as our loyal friends and also acts a positive role in daily life.
From a faithful friend from childhood to a console to the old, dogs indeed fulfil their commitment as our intimate friend.
Moreover, dogs won't leave masters however wealthy or destitute they are.
Compared with dogs, cats tend to forget their owners merely for accommodation.
Being capable of safeguarding our houses, they form an enormous danger to burglars and hence belittle our loss.
Besides, trained dogs, which do contributions to fighting against drug abuse, arresting outlaws and directing for the blind and paralysed due to their keen sense of smell and dexterity, are more and more crucial and useful at present.
Just out of the cottage students, whether you are a school or college, had to face.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a very important traditional festival in China.
The Dragon Boat Festival is on fifth day of the fifth month in Chinese lunar calendar.
It is used to make people remember the famous person whose name is Quyuan.
In ancient years, people would put a kind of food which was called rice dumpling into Miluo River.
It was said that people did such a activity to keep the fish away from the Quyuan's body.
And Dragon Boat Racing was also an important activity for ancient people.
Nowadays, we also do some things to celebrate.
In The Dragon Boat Festival, I will eat delicious rice dumplings which have meat inside.
For me, it is the most wonderful thing in the festival every year.
Dragon Boat Racing will be held in some places, but not my homeland.
What a pity.
In my mind, it is a very exciting activity, and everyone can enjoy it.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a traditional festival, and I hope the custom of it will be kept forever.
Dear Sir We'll organize a seminar next week and now I'll check some details with you.
Firstly, I have booked 401 rooms in our hotel.
Secondly, you should confirm the schedule with security.
I just graduated from college, and my personality is quite outgoing.
I like to contact with children, because the children are lovely.
I had been a volunteer when I got in school, and was respect for the elderly.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large export order.
People whose foreign language is poor .
we can not leave it , we use internet on study .
we can find some materials .
we also read some news, watch movies.
listen to the music.
if we are tired , we can play some computer games, .
we can say what we want to say .
we may make friends .
the friends are from everywhere .
we can buy something on the internet , someday , if you don not want cook and you also can not go out , you can ordering a meal on the internet.on the other hand , there are some disadvantages , such as someone likes playing computer games , and he play both day and night.
then , the people can not finish his school work.on the internet , there are some people , who cheats others money.
in my opinion , we should use the internet in the right place.
we can learn , listen to the music , watch movie , chat with our friends and so on.
but , we should not play computer for too long time.
That is to say, confidence is rather significant for everyone.
No matter if you face the pressure of learning or work challenge, no matter if it is favorable or dreadful, self-confidence is beneficial for us to make a magical change.
Furthermore, you will forget those low and even offensive words and have confidence to work better and better.
Evidently, everyone always encountering lots of trouble but not everyone is able to adjust himself to get over it.
A person, who feels happy, will find all the things are colorful and charming.
All in all, self-confidence is absolutely essential to achieving success in any endeavor.
You acquire it by doing, learning, accomplishing and persisting.
Remembering that no one is perfect.
At some point in any of our lives, we may feel we lack something.
That is reality.
Learn that life abound in bumps down the road.
I like relaxed learning atmosphere.
They take care of me carefully.
It shows respect for that man.
I am writing in response to your question about Chinese Spring Festival.
Before it starts, people usually clean the houses because we think we can sweep away bad luck.
And then we decorate the door with couplet, it means good luck.
We also go shopping and buy much delicious food.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, we cook a big meal and the whole family get together to spend the wonderful night.
During the festival, we put on our new clothes and visit our relatives and friends.
Children often get money called hongbao from adult.
What's more, people play firecrackers during these days.
I am L.
Our class plan to visit the nursing home this Sunday.
Second, when we go there we can make some dumplings for them.
What's more we can give some performances for eldery people.
I want to study English for different reasons.
There are mainly three reasons for this .
First, as the development of our country, we have to communicate with other countries more often.
The effect is obvious: we should learn English well.
Second, from the point of my view, it is interesting to study another language and experience new culture.
For me, it is just like a journey.
As a result, I like to study English.
Third, studying English is necessary for workers.
They think enjoy the work and life is very important , so they like to change careers and live residence as they seek what they want .
Secondly, in today 's society, some job security is lowering and many companies are dismissing highly trained .
However , as my own experience , in some case , many people are afraid of changing , especially old people , stay at the same job they feel the security and belonging .
Nowaday's more and more people their careers and place of residence , it can make their be happy .
It is known to us all that there is a famous saying  Everything depends on one's attitude  .
Firstly, we should develop a good attitude to life.
Life consists of not only sunshine but also hard time.
We should be brave in front of difficulties.
Secondly , we must study hard because knowledge is power.
If we have the power, we can help to build our country and enjoy life better.
In order to study well, we need to do sports so that we can keep fit.
We can go running, play ball games or simply take a walk after a day's study.
In a word , let's greet every day with a smile.
Tomorrow is another day.
I inform you that you will get a foreign language course.
Because our company has won a large export order.
Some people may think we must in the similar scores and values for life.
Others could require their best friend must have the identical interests and hobbies with them, so that they can communicate with each other well.
We have known each other for more than eight years, from middle school until now.
At that time, we were not neck and neck.
I had an advantage over her.
What's more, we concentrated on distinct aspects.
She was keen on science, while I was obsessed by liberal arts.
I was fond of sports, which was tedious for her.
Now, we are in the different universities and different cities.
We can stay together merely in summer and winter vacation.
  Hearing this, I didn't think it complicatedly.
I just thought she would buy my favorite thing.
However, out of expectation, she called me again at my birthday, saying she was in the Beijing Station .
Astonished and excited, I flied to the station quickly.
A Best friend is a person who will share your happiness as well as your sorrow.
They also eat lots of moon cakes.
Dear Mr.
In order to make the students learn English better and better.
The teachers want to find some good ways to improve our performance.
Those who hold the first opinion think that this idea is great, First, it can make us excited to learn English.
Third, We can also study from each other.
First, it must be noisy.
For a long time, my dream was to get a good grade in order to be accepted by a good junior high school, and then go to a good high school.
In order to encourage myself, I downloaded two images.
One was Guanghua hall in night with all it's lights on, the other was Xianghuitang in the flower's season.
I do believe everything will pay off.
And now, I have become a Fudan University student, writing this paper.
My mom and dad were sleeping well, do not have to worry about me any more.
It is important for us to have a pleasant state of mind.
Everyone wants to spend his time efficiently.
So, sunshine mind should be thought in you heart.
For the most part optimistic people like to make friends with others.
But want to make people cheerful, pleasant, sunshine.
My opinion's that is to where there is a will, there is a way.
Nothing is perfect.
Everyone have strengths and weeknesses.
We should be in-depth analysis of ourselves, to realize that our strengths and weeknesses, and try to improve, to constantly improve their own ability.
I think I am a easy-going, sweet-tempered, gentle girl.
I can get along well with others.
I like English very much and I am very interested in new knowledge.
When I take an English class every time, I am very hard work.
As for my weakness, I lack of flexiblity learned knowledge cannot very application.
In the usual time.
I almost can't use English to communicate with others well.
Sometime afraid of making mistakes, that is not very confident.
Because I am a little shy , so afraid to show myself.
Everytime make decisions are usually not decisive and don't have the patience to do things.
Thirdly.
There are my opportunities.
My major is tourism English that good prospects for development.
School have a lot of practice bases, so for our future work provides a good condition and learning opportunites.
Finally, is my threats.
My family condition is not very good.
Talent competition is intense.
I turms of my curret situation, English level 4 is still a little difficult.
and only a few advantages.
In a word , through myself analysis.
In the hospital, Jack told me this story, he said  I was afraid that I will lose my leg.
If I were you, I wouldn't do this.
As a modernist, I know our culture.
Getting a good education is imporant for everyone.
First, you can learn from motivated, capable student from a good education, which can enrich you experience.
Second, a good education means you have learnt more than other people, such as computer, dance, language, so it helps you to get more job opportunities.
The government makes the laws ruling people who do not often go home to see his parents illegal is understandable.
In today's society, more and more empty nest old man, the most reason is that their children are to bigger cities to look for a better job, or they were quarrelling, then, the boy decided to never ignore their evil cliche parents.
In now the society, the old man died alone in the home, and then a few months or a year before he was found the phenomenon is not uncommon.
Before this, will go home often incorporated into the legal precedent for this approach.
In South Korea, for example, to support their parents who can give priority to purchase property, while Europe is more on the spirit of supporting the elderly do the quantification to the daily  .
Dear Mr.
Yesterday, when I took off plane and got home, I found my dictionary lost your home.
This dictionary is my favourate America English teach lent me, so I very precious it.
BY my memory, My dictionary possbility lost at book-shelf which in my bedroom.
With the development of science and technology, the information is more and more important.
As far as I am concerned, shopping via media brings great benefit to our life and our economy on the whole.
A large number of abandoned materials are great harmful to human being and animals.
When he looked back on time, will not have to live that regret.
However, all the problems are temporary.
One's life should be spent, looking back, should not idle away one's time and regret, and he will not because of mediocrity and shame.
. .
My cell phone is of the Sumsung GTs-5838 series.
Looked at from far away, it's a cuboid which is about 8cm long,5cm wide, and 1cm high.
And there is only one button on the front.
Actually there are another two keys that are transparent only becoming visible when touched.
A camera lens , a flashlight , and an amplifier are set in the rare.
Press the button, and let's come to its functions.
It possesses basic functions such as calling, texting, surfing the Internet and others like games and microblog.
Since it's a touch-screen mobile phone, it's easy to manipulate.
To me, my mobile phone is not only a tool for communicating but also a symbol of my characteristic, aesthetics, and style.
For instance, marvelous my roommates buy clothes and book train tickets online on account of its convenient way and inexpensive price.
Nonetheless, every coin has two sides.
A large number of problems are also thoroughly exposed amid material society.
What is the most serious must be the quality of the product through last-several-years reports.
In the second place, there is no doubt that after-sale service has the right to knock out the confidence of consumers.
To my personal knowledge, in order to reduce the phenomena, the government should publish a law.
In addition, we ourselves should boost self-protection awareness in order not to be swindled.
Only we pay more attention to it, can we have a more safe and healthy environment.
The students who are in favor of free entrance fee for parks occupy about sixty persent.
They think that parks are the public spaces where people can take a walk or do something else for relaxing such as having picnics.
That is to say , judging a person whether guilty or not is depend on evidence .
The same to china .
The author hold the view that we should cheer fo Mterialism in our daily life.
That is to say, material is the essence of our life.
however, the view is not blameless.
however, if we emphaize the importance of persuing the materlal too much, we may get ourselves lost.
there are plenty of casts that can illustrate this phenomenon.
Duing the world war two, an increasing number of people chase after the possessions which even result the receesion of the economic.
At the some time, it is not far to seek that we are the second econmical country stangding in the global world, but a majority of folks still feel vacant, Facing with the multiplying rate of the suicide and murder, it is high time that we should bring the phenomenon nito considerasion.
Friendship is the artless and marvellous thing in the world.
Please treasure the good friends around you.
Because not everyone could become your friends, it is decided by the lot.
Before your friends encounter you, you are stranger, she or he doesn't know your existence.
After you become friends, she or he would care your life and study and so on.
When you are in trouble, she or he would help you without hesitation; When you are in low spirits, she or he do something to make you happy; When you are bullied, she or he would stand by you without any reasons.
Everyone comes to the world lonely.
The loneliness attacks us from time to time, let us taste the feeling of emptiness.
But friends can help you out of the situation, just like to have a chat or to play games, those would make you feel the better.
Of course, age is not a reason for that the young and the old couldn't become friends.
It is up to the attraction of two souls.
If they can communicate with their hearts, it maybe is a rewarding treasure-the old might teach her or his experience to the young.
As the narrator's experience, Mrs.
So let us value the friendship around us.
Susan Hobson whoever is a secretary have been working in the office for two years.
She is honest, hard working and dutiful.
As a matter of fact she is a competent secretary.
Nowdays, there is a growing tendency for people to use E-Book in modern social.
But there has been much disagreement over using E-Book at the same time.
Many people believe that E-Book has lots of advantages.
Some people claim that using such book has three main advantages.
The first one is convenience.
We can download something we interest in online whenever we contact with the internet.
There are also many kind of books in the net which can satisfy different favor of people.
The second one is that using E-Book is cheaper than using paper books.
It's known to all that buying books from bookstores is more expensive than doing it from net.
The last one is easing taking.
However, others strongly be against the E-Book.
they think using paper book can make students feel the knowledge reality.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments, I am inclined to agree with the former point of view.
For one thing, it seems to me that it is more useful to acquire knowledge with E-Book than paper book.
We are glad to inform you that we have shipped your sales confirmation No.
J-29 of captioned shipment ex S.
:  Pearl , and it will transport S.
:  Mayflower in Hong Kong.
This is about c&f according to clinch adeal.
As can be showed in the drawings.
Similarly, a young man write Beckham on his face , another man spends 300 yuan having his hair cut in Beckham's style .
The blind reverence is a common kind mental problem that has a negative effect on our normal life .
I was born in X province, China.
My major is English.
I think I'm a good team player and I 'm a person of great honesty to others.
That's all.
It's obviously that with the development of society and technology, the wechat is more and more popular in China.
Generally speaking, the reason why wechat is so prevalent is various.
As we all know, It's convenient for people to contact with each other as the wechat provide a voice system.
What's more, people can know the current affairs at the first time and spread some important information quickly through wechat.
However, each coin has two sides, So does the wechat.
For instance, if we use the wechat excessively or are even addicted to it, we will have little time to study and work.
I feel so lucky that there are a lot of love around me.
l think i am the happiest person in the world.
My father who works as a worker in company where lives far away Shanghai .
He often shows his love to me.
Although he goes home twice a month, he always make phone calls to me.
When l doesn't work well, he encourages me instead of scolding me.
At that time, l feel i am the happiest person in the world.
Afterwards, we should help others who is in trouble.
We find that 25% of the students like playing basketball and30%of themare fond of collecting something that they think are useful.
Nowadays, English become a worldwide language that more and more people learn.
Hundred of people consider that world will be overcame by English.
For this reason, we should learn it hardly.
On the contrary, we should pay more attention to our mother language.
We can focus on education of Chinese and development.
In my opinion, i like learning English.
Of course, we must speak Chinese well.
And them, English becomes a communicating tool and we must understand to communicate with foreigners.
I want to check details for an event next week.
And I have booked room for the event at number six in Huangshan hotel.
I remind you to confirm the schedule with security.
The pot should dry under the sun died, he moved to put the pot of water at; mobile vendors Aunt trolleys were stuck in the ladder to go up, he would trot across the street to give Mother a hand; stray dogs of being was helplessly watching him, and he broke off a plate of chicken half to the dogs; helpless girl and her mother was the same knees begging in the street, he looked at the small sign in front of her daughter grants  , did not hesitate to put his wallet and pulled out the last two hundred baht to the little girl; when he came back to his home he would always hang banana on the door of his neighbour -a helpless grandmother.
. this ordinary man patiently doing this seemingly insignificant little things every day, he has not become rich, he is still the unknown man, the whole world seems to be no difference .
. but we see that pot become vibrant, the aunt who owns the vendor became more kind, stray dogs become healthy and strong, and that little girl kneeling in the street begging and finally .
In conclusion, the leading role ---a simple man uses his action to prove that great love has no barrier and great change consists of every tiny performance.
Now more and more people lilke to play social nework , sure .
For more young people, I belive that QQ is everybody's most familiar social networking websites.
so now we need to learn to communicate with stranger .
At this time .
The social network is a good way.
sure .
With the development of the Internet, more and more people choose to learn English online .
In our daily life , English is very important to us .
However, a part of people don't have the chance to study English at school , so learning English online is very popular for these persons.
There are some advantages for someone who learning English online.
First of all, we can do a lot of practice everyday and we can study English anytime and everywhere.
In the late 1920s, television was born in Britain.
Which was regarded as a great invention.
Sometimes television is regarded as an educational role because of the informations which provide.
While in fact, television has some negative effects on society.
Television is of great attraction for many people, and the most thing they usually do is sitting down in a comfortable place with snacks, then start watching the telly.
They west a lot of time on TV without doing anything.
Never become a couch potato.
The small quantity of carbon dioxide in the air is essential, however the growth in carbon dioxide threatens to warm up our planet to a dangerous extent.
It is estimated that by 2020 the concentration will be nearly twice what it is now.
This means that in the coming decades , Earths average temperature will go up slightly.
As a result, the polar ice caps will begin to melt.
If these ice caps begin to melt , the sea level will rise.
As aresult, not only will many cities be drowned , but much of the most productive farming areas of the world will be lost.
At the same time , the wheather will be warmer an warmer.
First of all, in the last few centuries, the coal, oil and natural gas, has been burned for energy at a rapidly increasing rate.
Secondly, the forests have been disappearing.
First, we must save our forests, and even replant them.
I think it necessary for us to live better in our life.
It is like chocolates which can give us sweetness.
We all need friends, first, we human beings are social men, the loneliness for a long time makes us feel unhappy, so it can drive loneliness off.
Besides, it doesn't disappear even if we are confronted with difficulties, fear and despair and so on.
It is like other precious emotions consisting of our life.
What's more, the very special friendship is that from ourselves.
Sometimes, we not only need the friendship from others, but also ourselves.
On New Year's Eve, all the family people get together to have a big dinner in the resturant.
During the dinner we have a small talk and play some games.
We say some good hope to each other.
Thanks to this spring festival, it make our family people get toghther.
Now there are about 300 millions of people somking in the china .
Long long ago , a country has two Buddhist monk , one Buddhist monk was very rich, the other one was poor .
One day , they were decide to travel all around the world .
The poor Buddhist monk bring some thing and set out .
Time goes by , when the poor Buddhist monk went back , the rich Buddist monk still stay at home .
Through the stroy , I learn some opinion , whatever you do you should take action , not only hesitate to go ahead .
On the one hand, some of my classmates thought that we were supposed to surf the Internet so that we could get more knowledge and broaden our horizons.
At the same time, it made it easy for us to communicate with our friends and share our thoughts as well.
Overwise, on the other hand, others did't agree with them on it.
They held the opinion that disagreed to get online fequently.
First, they thought it would do harm to our eyes'health.
Second, if some students didn't have strong minds, they would spend much time in talking on the Internet and playing computer games.
In my opinion, I think that we should get online regularly.
Because we can learn more knowledge on the Internet.
Nowadays, with the economy and culture developing fast, private ideas have changed rapidly, including ego.
In my opinion, as the college student, we should have a kind heart to treat everybody for harmony .
only in this way can we heip each oher and gain much knowledge to create forture.
friends and relatives are also an important thing using our kindness, or we will lose our friend.
Nowadays, there has appeared a heated discussion among the college students as to whether they should value the academic performance or they need to promote their communication skills.
Some students maintain that it is very important for them to get outstanding achievements.
There are two factors contributing to this attitude.
On the one hand, academic achievements can urge us to gain more knowledge.
On the other hand, academic achievements is an important measure of a person in our country.
However, others argue that promoting communication skills is more important.
In their point of view, people who have strong communication skills are easy to adapt to society.
Furthermore, good grades can only represent the success of study, but having the ability to communicate with others represents greater success.
As far as I am concerned, I firmly support the view that we should train our communication skills.
As the saying goes: action speak louder than words .
A group competition will be held in our school and our teacher was calling on us to join in it actively last week.
But it's much easier to say what you're supposed to do than actually do it.
Never have I did much training.
Only in this way can our honour be saved.
Nowadays Mei plans to have a trip to my hometown.
The Great Wall looks like a dragon stretch in the mountains.
As a saying goes one who fails to reach the Great Wall is not a hero  .
AS a contemporary collegestudents, we should also keep up with the trend of the times .
Recently insome developed areas appear online shopping boom.
they passed taobao , tmall, websiteto find their qwn habitsa of goods.
Some people are accustomed to online shopping .
They feel so convenient, and save time .
Also do dont have to go out .
Some students in my class think that high school students should get online.
Firstly, they think getting online helps them access to knowledge and broaden their minds.
Secondly, they can communicate with friends and sharing.
The other students in my class hold a opposite opinion about this question.
Firstly, they think getting online frequently does harm to their eyes.
Secondly, if one person gets online frequently, he will be addicated to chat and games.
I think high shool students should not get online frequently.
As an old saying goes, Do not make your parents wait too long.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a model.
This summer holiday I went to seaside.
And I enjoyed myself.
That is a sunny day, and my parents and I went to seside, I'm so excited that jumped into the sea as soon as I got there.
The water was very clear only a bit cold.
I flet I was a fish in the sea We played ball games in the sea.
I said.
So we started a exciting match.
My dad was the champion.
This summer holiday brought me many interesting things .
There are many people in my life, which act various roles.
My teachers teach me scientific knowledge, my friends share my happiness and sorrow, my lover give me warmth especially in the strenge city.
I love my mom, becauese she is the man who love me most in the world.
She is always replying my mistakes with tolerance time and time again.
She will give me all she has whenever and wherever i need.
I grew up happily under her meticulous care.
Too much her giving makes even makes me take it for granted.
My childhood was full of love and happiness because of her.
As we all know , the earthquake is a serious disaster .
Here are some my opinions, First , we should have supplies of water and food in the home and at work .
It's also necessary to store some water.
Second, keeping a fire extinguisher handy.
We should have one at home , at work , and in our cars.
Third , storing some warm clothing and comfortable shoes in the home .
If there is an earthquake , there would be lots of broken glass on the ground.
So the suitable shoes can protect our fetes .
The invention of the cell phone has brought great convenient to our life.
Some people think, we spend a lot of time in play on the cell phone, it will cause the gap.
In my opinion, we rely too much on the cell phone.
If we use the cell phone to communicate with other people for a long time, we will be more likely to make spelling mistake or ambiguous expression.
Don't rely too much on the cell phone.
There is no denying the fact that the new information age brings us many convenience.
We can get enough information just sitting in front of the computer.
In spite of this, we will also for an incredibly large amount of information and confusion, worry, upset, sadness.
For example, when a search for something online, people can easily be irrelevant information interference, forgetting the original plan.
In addition, some information is often useless, in fact is advertising.
Here I have some useful skills.
First of all, in your search, list the information you really need.
Secondly, We should find some trusting and professional website then save and classification.
On the process of society, only-child families has become a serious problem.
Some people think that child from only-child families have more merits than shortcomigs.
Fistly, they value free will and will not accept orders blindly.
Secondly, they love trying out new methods and are full of creative ieads.
Thirdly, they have a thirst for upgrading their knowledge.
However, some people claim that the only child have more shortcomings than merits.
For example, many show much dependence on parents.
And some never learn to do elementary household chores.
It iseven worse that most tend to be spoiled, irrational and self-centered.
As far as I know, their merits and shortcmings are equally eyecatching  .
Commenting on the only children is a science and an art as well.
Their progress should be reviewed.
School, families and society must give them room to use their creativity, skills and ideas.
In the recent years, the safety of the food in our country continues to grow in very troubling numbers.
Firstly, the food which is not safe is bad for our bodies.
The second, it brings to the consumer economic losses .
On the one hand, the unsafe food reduce the integrity of the industry.
As a common people, we should improve our food safety awareness.
When we buy food, we should go to normal bazaar and choose carefully.
Besides, we can strengthen the attention of food safety news.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buyingcars.
With the internet development, some new way of communication is appearing.
As we all know, we can make many friends by chatting online.
The Cyber Love is coming with it.
The one is acurate love can grow between people who have never met each other, the other is not.
If they don not communicate face to face, they will never know entirely each other.
Secondly, true love is based on ups and downs of lovers in daily life.
In my opinion , I'm against that .
Nowadays, an increasingly number of people copy hundreds of songs and TV themes from the net.
However, it's important to realize that if people download essays and songs for free, they won't buy all kinds of books and CDs.
Therefore the author and singer not to earn money.
What's more, we get free downloads for free without permission .
Although some artists give people a chance to download the track to hear new song for free , it's only appeal people to buy CDs.
It's worth noting that although people know that free download is illegal , they still choose to get free downloads.
It seems that when people be punished , they will buy CDs.
New Year's day when I went to my grandparents' house, and where to live for a few days.
We all have a family dinner every Spring Festival, after finished the adults will be sitting on the sofa watching TV, and my brother and I will play computer games.
A well-known blogger said that it was impossible for Hanhan to write the so wonderful article in New Concept competition.
This issue caused the controversy in the society.
Although blogger said apologizing to Hanhan soon, Fang said Hanhan did not write the article by himself again.
Since the issue appeared, Hanhan made explanation in this regard at once.
He said that score in New Concept competition was real, though Fang thought his article was not good.
The beginning he was extremely angry, he should respond to him.
Otherwise readers would think Fang was true.
He was not only for his own defense and took the manuscript.
He said his classmates could prove him.
Fang insisted his opinion.
Hanhan found others ghostwriter.
He said that he was paranoid and you did not know.
When journalists talked to him, he felt that Hanhan should apologize .
And no matter how he kind of sophistry obviously a teenager these articles were not written by him.
When he was a teenager he may not be voluntary.
We should understand Hanhan.
However, I think we should not be free to have a conclusion.
Before making serious conclusion we must be cautious.
Nowadays discussion platform is free.
So many people can talk freely.
But it has many shortcomings.
When we need to believe something on a blog, we should learn to choose.
Though Fang and Hanhan debated fiercely, I think they should calm down to think about it.
Some people choose to keep cats owing to cats' tameness.
However, some people keep dogs due to dog's loyalty.
First, dogs are more loyal.
What's more crucial is that they can protect their owners.
Once there is a danger, dogs would try their best to protect their owners.
Dogs are more humanity.
Different types of dog play a different role.
On the other hand, the lack of knowledge about the importance of protecting environment hinders the solving of the problem.
Modern society is becoming advanced increasingly no matter in what aspects, the technique or the human mind.
Whereas the old days is full of cruel tortures once, the ancient people were ignorant because of imperfect social system.
The old society are filled with feudal atmosphere.
Take China for example, in old China, the emperor was in the highest position and he stood for right, the civilians depended on emperor and they thought he was always right although he was wrong in fact.
  The black box which was used to the lottery had been put into use even before the oldest man Warner was born.
  It illustrates the villagers have held the activity for many years as well as it is obvious that how stubborn these people were.
Besides, the scene that old man Wanner snorted and said pack of crazy fools,  to the north villagers as a result of they tend to gave up the lottery.
For another thing, the facticity of democracy in those days, about the relation between democracy and violence.
The democracy has a visional sense of existence.
Although the idea of democracy was underlined again and again, the potential violence still existed and affected perpetually.
For instance, in this essay, the people of the village began to gather in the square, and Mr.
In contrast, the so-called democracy was based on torture.
When Tessie got the lottery, she shouted It was not fair.
and even required Mr.
  At the end of the article, Although the villagers had forgotten the ritual and lost the original black box, they still remember to use stones.
as well as The children had stones already, and some one gave little Davy Hutchinson a few pebbles  , from the two sentences, they think kill a people with stones is normal and even want to only took less than two hours so that they can get home for noon dinner.
There are also existed another weird situation which about unfair.
It contains a lot, such as the unfair of race, the disable and gender etc.
Take sex for example from The Lottery, When Mr.
and Now, I'll read the names-heads of family first-and the men come up and take a paper out of the box  , it has been easy to recognize the inequity of female and male, just the men could choose.
The violence, the stubborn minds and the fair are horrible, but they just a small part of the torture in the past.
Mr.
I'm glad to receive your letter, but I'm sorry to hear that you are afraid of the people will make fun of your disability.
In my opinion, you shouldn't look down upon yourself.
On the contrary, you need to stand up to take part in it.
As all we know, Helen keller is considered to be one of the greatest deaf and blind women writer and an educator.
When she was a small girl , due to illness lost vision, hearing and speaking ability.
But when she grown up, she doesn't given her life up, she tried to study with a good teacher.
And she insisted on learning everything as well as a normal person.
Not only she educated from the Harvard University, but also she written several novels.
Thus, we can see that the disable aiso can achieve success.
I think it possible to win the prize with you.
For example, Bill Gates.
Everyone knows Martin Luther King Jr.
Switzerland, one of the places that I most want to travel .
It has a very fascinating scenery, which is known as The garden of the world .
Switzerland is a developed country, covering an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.
It is situated in the middle of Europe with a population of 7.5 million.
The capital is Brene.
An old woman sat in front of the mirror and said by herself.
She was missing her youngsters and felt lonely.
After having this picture read, it is my feeling that the old woman wants to be cared loved.
May not be only this old, but all the olds in the world are looking forward to being focused on.
They experienced the ups and downs of life and just devoted most of their lives to their generations and society.
It's unfair and unmoral that leaving them in houses and letting them lives by themselves.
There is a saying that the tree may prefer being calm while wind not subside, the son chooses filial while parents died.
It is an incompatible true that our parents are being old while we are growing up.
So, don't leave your parents alone.
When I first see this title, many thoughts occur to me.
Academic performance is essential for me in the long-term.
In the modern society, people pay more attention to academic performance .
It is significance for us to study well.
We must try our best as though we were in the senior school.
As an old saying goes:  good study, day up.
On the contrary, we went through college entrance examination , so we learned academic performance.
Communication ability can teach us how to get along with each other.
If you want to survive in the society, this ability is useful.
As an old saying goes:  Every coin has two sides.
However, as far as I am concerned, I subscribe to the idea that communication ability is more important than academic performance.
In my opinion, chat with others is a skill that we can not learn in the books.
On the one hand, this ability does not learn easily.
On the other hand, we does not know how to use it correctly.
It is known to us that the development of economy is proportional to the degree of air pollution.
We should not only consider economic issues, but also our health, so we must try our best to achieve the goal that living in a beautiful and healthy country.
I personally hold that we should take a heap more frequently than driving.
For one thing, people who take a bus is more economical and practical than by cars, so we can salvage this money to buy beautiful clothes or anything we want.
For another, people who are fond of sightseeing, it is a good way to watch the fantastic views outside the bus.
By and large, take actions for our globe.
Hello, everyone.
My name is X.
Nowadays, there are all kinds of exams.
For example, the allow of entering university exam and the allow of entering high school exam.
Many people think there is little people can past civil service exams, but civil service can bring a high salry and it also is a easy job.
It is a dream for many people.
Of course, l also think it is a exam which Little people can past.
I also consider this work can bring many interests.
It is posible that i will take the civil service exams someday.
People who want to make it should do enough prepare before exam andhave perseverance also, shouldn't fall by the way.
We can know that Solo has the most popular people.
First, love is a feeling each other , l feel she is a beautiful girl and l love her at first sight, this is love , now , the development of net give we new ways of make friends and love , for example, two of cyber love doesn't know each other , so in your mind , she is a beautiful and perfect girl , this is cyber love .
Currently, self-confidence has been more and more valued by people, even as a standard of selection of personnel.
No one can deny the fact that self-confidence is one of the most essential factors for success.
No matter what challenge you face and no matter how terrible the circumstance you are in, the self-confidence will bring a miraculous change to us.
One outstanding person is bound to have confidence, because if you truly believe yourself, you will make every thing succeed.
Apparently, one way to develop our self-confidence is to do what you are afraid of and be successful.
It is indisputable that if you are afraid of something and always fear of failure, this reflects lack of self-confidence.
Obviously, if you can do what you afraid successfully, you will be imbued with confidence to do other things.
For instance, when I was in high school, I was afraid of mathematics.
It was too difficult to learn very well and always failed in the maths exams.
When it came to the grade 3, maths achievement became much more important foy the upcoming college entrance examination.
Therefore, I tried my best to learn math well and then when I gained a great success in a simple test.
I suddenly felt it is so easy to learn math and all the questions I had ever met were not problems.
Finally, I regained my confidence in maths.
Additionally, confidence is not just about attitude and is not just believing you can do it, it comes from what you know yourself to do whatever you want to do and making effort to do it.
By way of conclusion, it is personal belief that self-confidence comes from your believing in yourself and work hard for this.
Tony is my best friend.
He is sixteen years old.
He is short but he is verysmart.
Tony is interested so much activity, like music, soccer, computer.
He always woke hard.
what's more, he like helping students who need help.
Tony used to patiently teache me English .
Nowadays, iPad has become an absolutely popular tool in our life and it has become a great help to almost all of us.
Generally, it's advantages can be seen as follows.
First of all, by using iPad, not only can we listen to music but also read text books.
But every coin has two sides.
The negative aspects are also appear.
One of the disadvantages is that it will waste a lot of valuable time.
And it will also influence our studies.
As far as I am concerned, iPad will do us students both good and harm.
People who are familiar with the chinese history should know that women's position is pretty low, especially in fidelity.
With the society developing, the men's and women's position come to equal gradually.
In china, women's position has been greatly raised up to now.
Women's political, economic, social and culture rights are being more effectively guaranteed.
A great deal of women get the education.
The number of women take the job.
Besiedes, as to say the jobs, those easy and well-paid jobs are always belong to the women, men and women are different .
women are physically inferior, and mentally intimate.
In my opinion, the equality between men and women is relativistic, equality hasn't been realized completely.
As we all know, a healthy body is very important to us.
We can't do anything without a healthy body.
As a saying goes, health is the source of revolution.
As far as i can see, we can do many things to stay healthy in our daily life.
First, we should do more exercise instead of just stay in the bed all day.
We can have a walk or play sports.
Second, we should eat healthy food like vegetables and fresh fruit.
Having a balance diet will help us more healthier.
Finally, keeping a good mood is also essential for us to keep healthy.
We need health.
There are also many ways for us to choose.
I am Li Hua .
My grandfather was out of condition and he was eager to see me .
Therefore I have not visit him for three years since I went abroad .
To be frankly, every person has his or her own strength and weakness.
So do I.
While I describe myself as a big boy, in fact, I am not that tall, (I guess my height ranks at the average level).
It is my age that determine me to be a 'big' boy.
Since I'm a grown-up, no longer that naughty teenager, I've been used to appearing more mature in my life, but you see , sometimes I am still a boy , the one trying to disobey the principle of school or what someone else has told me, only wanting to do what I want , or staying at someplace along.
Of course these sentences could far from telling the complete characters of a person.
To learn chinese well .
on other way you can read chinese newspaper and magazine .
For fun.
In today's China .more and more forigners can sing Chinese songs .
In the end.
youcan make many.china friends .
who is like me.
and they awalys friendly and kind.
In my opinion .
learn from your teacher is the best way .
On one hand , some people put forward the point that reading is a process of selecting .
In accordance with your major , you can choose different kinds of books .
On the other hand , some people prefer reading all kinds of books .
They insist that the world is developing quickly and human being needs the ability to catch the speed of development , so people should reading extensively.
In my opinion , I agree with the first idea.
The development of society is so fast , we can not channel our energy into so many things .
We should enter into the things that we are interested in.
hello .my name is mike .
i am 12 .
i like playing basketball and running.
i like help others.
in my free time .
i always play with my good friends .
and i usually help my parents.
i like cooking and doing housework.
after class i often talk with my good teachers or play with my good friends .
As we know, there are serveral problems on campus.
But, I think the most is that most of the students sink low.
We can see that many students go to play game instead of go to the classroom and library.
So some actions must be taken to improve the phenomenon.
As to me , the most effective action is ourselves.
So far, opportunities and obstacles exist simultaneously .
Firstly, the author shows us the operational approaches taken by US venture capital firms in terms of their European business, such as setting offices in London and dedicated fund .
More examples have been introduced to illustrate their main business focus and show their investment activities vary greatly .
Secondly, the author points out that US venture capital style has got stuck in Europe , for it is hard for American venture capital and private equity firms to perform their expertises due to cultural, political, and institutional difference in Europe .
When we were young, we saw the deeply love from our parents.
Then, we began to expect a perfect sweetheart who will accompany with us enduring.
To be my husband, he needn't to be very handsome, but also can't be very ugly.
He should be 15 centermeters taller than me and be strong enough.
I don't like him looking thin.
The color of his skin can't be too white because my skin color is a little black.
I don't require him to be wealthy enough, but only can afford our basic living fee.
I hope my husband will cook a delicious food for me from time to time.
Alao, it is my glad if my perfect husband will be willing to live with me in a small but warm house, we can keep cats and dogs together.
We can walk along the street with our pets after having supper.
My requirements for my perfect husband are very simple.
As long as he love and care me, I will be satisfied.
I only want to a silent life.
Plagiarism does exist through the history of academy, even though you try your best to avoid it.
It is inevitable that plagiarism is the common phenomenon because of our ignorance about the definition of it.
According to Wikipedia, plagiarism is the wrongful appropriation and stealing and publication of another author's language, thoughts, ideas, or expressions and the representation of them as one's own original work.
We can come to the conclusion that any ideas or languages from others without the agreements can be thought as plagiarism.
For instance, it is difficult for me to express the idea about one important academic report, however, one of my friends can do it better.
It can be discredited as academic dishonesty that I hand in the paper which is re-writed by her, even though she re-writes can not represent the original idea of mine.
In fact, within academia, plagiarism by students, professors or researchers are considered academic dishonesty or academic fraud and offenders are subject to academic censure up to and including expulsion.
As far as I am concerned, there are three reasons.
First of all, plagiarism does affect the development of academy.
Secondly, it is extremely disrespectful to someone who makes the true idea.
My dreaming destination in Eourope is Switzerland.
It is a developed country in the middle of Europe.
Switzerland has a population of more than 750 million people.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland, situated on the River Aller.
Switzerland is bounded by Austria, France, Italy and Gemany.
The worldwide garden  --Switzerland is known as the flower there.
Because of the moist climate, the flowers are gorgeous.
As we all know, the importance of the newspaper has declined a lot compared to the significant role it used to play.
It's not difficult for us to find that there are less and less teenagers who will spend a few minutes in reading newspaper in their daily lives.
In stead of getting information from something in print, they prefer to search the Internet to find what they want to know.
With the development of e-books, paper productions have been thought of as an enormous polluter, which makes them more and more unacceptable.
Nevertheless, no matter how many disadvantages we can point out, there is no denying that the newspaper has been existing for such a long time and the tradition of reading the newspaper is hard to alter.
Furthermore, the convenience that the newspaper owns is obvious.
It won't take several minutes to unfold a piece of newspaper, but you have nothing to do but to wait when you turn on your laptop.
Xian Xianghai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music.
He was born in 1905 in Macao, China.
He was famous for the song The Yellow River and he wrote it in 1939.
he studied in Paris and used traditional Chinese music.
people called him  People's Musician  .
Finally, he died young in 1945.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
We are able to take part in many types of activities.
For example, I join in club activities because I think that I can get useful knowledge and develop my communication skills through the activities.
I persist in it every day in order to keep fit.
In addition, I'm also crazy about watching English films.
As everyone knows, honesty is a good moral character in China.
Honesty is regarded to person in the past, and people would like to do something to prove them is honest.
Returning the things what did he borrows from others on time, and sent the things which he picked up on the road to the police.
Besides, trying his best to do what is promised and so on.
However, in today's society there are so many dishonesty instead of honesty.
Doing the things which are beneficial to themselves, such as selling illegal products.
Promising things which are not his ability but only because of face and so on.
In my opinion, honesty is an important character and we shouldn't throw it.
Honesty is not only benefit for others, but also benefit for ourselves.
Though the development of the economy is very rapid, our environment is being destroyed at the same time.
For instance, water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.
In some serious areas, people are lacking in water and die painfully.
As we all know, our social development is based on destroying the nature.
Some works pour the poisonous water into the lakes, rivers etc and the clear water is becoming dirtier and dirtier.
As a result, our water resource is becoming less and less.
In some other parts, the large quantities of tree cutting have been led to the solid being crashed away.
In the end, the solid chokes off the water lanes.
In my view, firstly, we must protect our forests from being destroyed.
secondly, we should recycle the industrial and daily water, avoiding pouring into the lakes and rivers.
Last but not least, we should try our best to improve the level of science technology to apply it to the water shortage solving.
Nowdays, with the rapid development of IT and information industry, mobile phone plays a dominat role in people' life.
They are completely part of our daily lives if we look at our society.
In fact, there are both favorable and mffavorahle.
The main advantage of mobile phone is that people can use them anytime and anywhere.
with a mobile phone in hand, one can easily get on the net, browsing the useful information, conducting e-commerce and doning whatever one can do via internet.
Just as a popular saying goes that every coin has two sides, it also has some drawbacks, too.
On the one hand, the most problem is elextric wave radiation, which is bad for our health.
In my opinion, It' not wrong to fllow the fashion but the most important thing is how to use the mobile phone in a right way.
The computer come into classrooms that a number of teachers use computer teach students, some people say the computers will replace teachers, and someone says not.
Firstly, the technology developing fast at the moment the social also developing.
The computer will have more power and more useful.
So, computers replace teachers will achieve in the future.
Secondly, computers as teachers the headmaster do not have pay for it, computers do not need to rest and it still has not been feeling ill.
As is known to all, we need to read books so that we can acquire more knowledge and have a wider mind.
Indeed, it is vital for us to read books, for books are the steps for us to advance.
It is clear that we will be limited in the world of books and cannot keep pace with the real world.
Eventually, we will be shy and afraid of keeping in touch in with others.
In my standpiont, practice can make me learn more.
As an illustratiin, we travel to foreign countries and we may see various things and learn a lot about the custom and tradition of those countries.
We are gonna fail to catch the piont of those wonderful scenes.
My name is Z .
I majored in Linguistics.
I can do the job well.
What' more, I am good at communicating with others.
I'm a patient man.
Last but no least I would like you to give me the chance.
My telephone number is *.
In today's China, especially in the city, almost every family only have one child.
Parents always want their children to live a happy life and have no difficulties, so some of them even do everything for their kids.
I know some kids can not wash their socks , they do not willing to do housework at home.
As we are adults, we need to learn to be independence because finally we should do everything ourselves.
When we face some trouble, in the first place, we should try to solve by ourselves.
If we can manage to do it, we win and we are growing up.
If it is so difficult to settle, we can ask our teacher or friends for help.
We can discuss and make a plan.
During our four years' study and live, we can be so mature and independence that our parents can set their mind at rest.
Some people would like to keep a pet at home, such as a dog.
a cat or other animals.
However, many people think pets should be banned.
They regard pet as a bad thing.
They think pets will spread the disease.
The sounds dogs bark are noisy.
When we walk dogs at street, they sometimes pollute the environment too.
In my opinion, keeping a pet can improve our responsibility.
There are different opinions among people as to attend class of university's students .
Some people say that going to class should be optional for students .
To them , time will be distributed reasonably and effetely .
However, everything has two sides and it has both advantages and disadvantages .
If students could choose class for themselves , they will be felt puzzled even do some illegal things against the discipline .
In particularly , some time is used for drinking , smoking and gambling .
In my opinion, I think it necessary to required the students to attend class .
Nowadays, some students not pay attention to spelling what it is English in study.
For example, some students in study English what they often ignore pay attention to speeding.
The course of idear lead to them think the spelling is secondary.
They think in English studying read is very important.
But the words spelling often ignored by thier.
So they more times speaking English loud, but they don't know how to spelling.
I'm L, the leader of student union.
On behalf of all students, I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to make a speech.
Getting involved in the competition, not only can we improve the ability of speaking English, but also develop the habit of reading.
Here are some matters that need attention if you'd like to take part in the competition.
At last, I'm looking forward to the competition succeed.
As we all know, the environment aronnd us is getting worse and worse.
In some places we cannot see fish.
Swimming in the river or trees on the hills.
Some people even have no clean water to drink.
Deforesting and global warming are two serious environmental problems.
I think we should throw the plastic bags.
Because they cannot decompose in a short time.
The plastic bags will make our world worse.
We should encourage people to use their cloth bags and baskets.
In addition, we can go to school on foot or by bike.
Cars need to use fuels.
However, the burning of fossil fuels results in global warming.
Finally, we should not throw the rubbish here and there.
The earth is our home and we have the duty to take care of it for ourselves and for our later generations.
Measures have been taken to cope with these problems by the government.
Laws have been passed to stop pollution.
Hello, everyone.
First of all, thank you for giving me the chance to speak.
My name is J from Tianjin middle school.
I want to take part in this activity.
I speak English fluently.
This activity aim to improve the English level.
We can help schoolmates.
We also can arrange programmed.
We are glad to tell you that the goods under the Sales Confirmation NO.
J-29 have been shipped by S.
S Pearl and it will be transported by Mayflower  in HongKong.
Besides, the transaction complys with CFR.
For the college graduates, finding a job is a lot like finding out a match when dating.
Personality yours and theirs play a major role.
Everybody wants to find out a good job, and a little arm candy does not hurt.
To begin with, be interested in your academic subjects.
We can benefit from it.
Then, trying to make full use of some new knowledge.
People believe that learning lots of skills can promot the chance to succeed.
So it is necessary to learn some new knowledge.
Spring is a season full of energy.
During spring everything comes to life.
The trees turn green and the flowers come out.
After the chilly winter, the weather is gradually getting warmer and people take off the thick clothes to wear the cool ones.
Less warm than spring, autumn is a little cold .
In autumn the days begin to get shorter, some trees have less time making food to feed their leaves, so they let the leaves turn yellow and then fall to the ground.
Chinese Spring Festival is the most important festival to Chinese.
Before Chinese Spring Festival, people have a lot of things to do.
For example, people should prepare varieties of food.
Such as all kinds of meat, nuts, dumplings and so on.
Besides food, people also buy many new clothes.
And people have to do some cleaning.
It means that sweep away bad luck.
During Chinese Spring Festival, there are lots of funny activities.
On New Year's Eve, families get together, prepare New Year's Eve dinner and watch Spring Festival Gala Evening.
Children receive money as a lunar New Year gift.
Then people play firecrackers to celebrate New Year.
The customs of Chinese Spring Festival are too many to introduce.
As a good listener, you will have curiosity to open mind, and need to control your analytical and critical urges to grasp the new ideas.
You should have a comprehension before the evaluation, too.
  Differ from a hearer, a listener can discover the real import of the words when other person is saying.
Listening requires more intelligence than speaking.
We should listen more others' ideas and speak less, because speaking too much makes people feel uncomfortable.
English is a national language now, so more and more people think English is very important.
And we should learn it well.
First of all, to increase your vocabulary.
English is based on words.
You should remember new words you learned.
Secondly, more reading.
It is beneficial to English.
If you read the English artcles everyday your English will be improved.
Then, more using.
When you communicate with your classmates, when you have a dialogue with people, you can use English.
If so, I believe your English will be very well.
In addition, you can also see English films and listen English songs, it is helpful.
We can see from the cartoon that when it rain, the two men did not take leave, but through the rain together.
Some people say that a friend is one that is close to you.
In my view, a friend is the one that stand by you, even through the hardest time.
Just like Jenny and me, we have known each other for eight years, and we have gone through many happy and hard times together.
For example, when we are happy, we share our feelings with each other.
When we are sad, we are each other's listener.
Lilly was a pretty girl with long hair.
She was extremely vigorous, amicable .
And she was always with full enthusiasm .
That experience was a wonderful touch in my memory even with the time passing .
It was on a cold morning that I was under a low mood .
Lily came when I was crying sadly .
And the real friend could share their common joy and sorrow.
Never would forget Lily.
For example, we make the rabish everwhere.
the lakes are colerful and the sky is never bule.
sometimes, we drive to company.
Some people kill the animal.
So something have to be done to stop pollution .
Welcome come to China.
I hold the opinion that my mother country is very beautiful, She has The Great Wall and The Imperial place in beijing.
She also has The oriental pearl TV tower in Shanghai.
My mother country is consist of thirty provinces, so there is no doubt that she occupy a large of floor space.
In addition, because of we have traditional culture, My mother country people are very kind and hospitable.
especially the girl are very beautiful.
As far as i am concerned my mother country is very beautiful, everyone has their unique dream that keep their going and happy.
l always believe that they will come ture in future.
I'll have pets.
I can't have any pets now because my mother hates them and our apartment is too small.
So in ten years, I'll have many different pets.
I'll probably go skating and swimming every day.
The only real technical issues you might run into involve the frame rate, which has an occasional tendency to hitch up during some very specific scenarios.
In the picture, an aged woman sits in front of mirror, talking to herself, 'My son goes to work and my grandson goes to school.
I feel very lonely.
They don't develop their own interests so they have nothing to do.
What's more, the aged people should find ways to entertain themselves.
As we all know, spring is the obvious symbol of hope and life, in Spring, all the things on earth come back to life, we all breathe the fresh air filled with the smell of wet clay.
In contrast, the coming of Autumn means everything will fall into the depression, such as, the leaves fall down and the flowers wither, which leave a frustrated depression on us.
Of course, the two seasons have some aspects in common.
For instance, the temperature of Spring is neither cold nor hot, which is correspondent to Autumn's.
She was walking the 100-foot distance from the parking lot to the entrance of her apartment .
There are various reasons responsible for the phenomenon.
For one thing, it is widely spread that screenwriters need to be in accordance with the tastes of the public so as to improve audience rating.
For another, those who want to have a reputation for being familiar to everyone.
Therefore, the wind of imitation is in the prevailing time.
From the point of my view, with the development of economy, we not only attach much importance to entertainment, but also improve the quality of teaching.
We can not ignore teaching so as to pursue entertainment.
What is more, we everyone are supposed to cultivate our personal accomplishment and aesthetic taste.
My family has four people, my father and mother and my sister.
He likes play chess, meanwhile, he feels satisfied and relaxed with our neighbour.
When I was a child I often play chess with him, but when I grow up , I have plenty of homework and housework .
I can not spend all free time playing .
Therefor, decided that when I have time , I would accompany my father .
Though mother is no longer a career woman, when we go shopping , she could help some homeless and hungry people.
So as Mother Day is drawing near, I wish her eternal health and happiness.
As far I am concerned, it makes me feel comfortable and happiness.
We live in azure sky, the changing of perennial, lush jungle 'the vanilla of delectable, enchanting sightseeing and so on.
The estate stands for the concert of light that is our world.
The Animal World is also animated and dynamical, we will gain lots of profound considering.
In Africa there are all kinds of animals, you should be wary of their attic, when you savor the sights, all at once they will appearent of you.
I pay tribute to the advents, they have the gut and clever , they ac-cross the abyss, crisp precipice, in order to find kinds of animals.
Although they may cast the life.
I like all kinds of animals, the meekness, the inuncible, let us see the dynamic of the world.
But some animals subject the damage of vanish, so we should protect the animal, they are our friends, if the world without their participation, our world will be detached and inanimate.
Love is a very simple thing in my mind, just like a smile, a hug , a rose.
They are each other's first love.
They fell in love in college.
Since I can remember, they had not had quarreled.
Every morning, mother will be early to make breakfast and tied tie for Dad.
I wonder if I can have a beautiful love like their.
I will love my lover , my family and my friends , sending them to smile, blessings and hug.
At the present time, the society is rapid developing on technology and science.
Yet a host of problems have arisen such as anti-social behavior and lack of respect to others.
It is obvious that the causes of anti-social behavior including commit a crime are various.
In the first palce, a large number of people are not get enough parental and shooling education that what should do or not, which causing they do not have rules of their lives.
Secondly, with the development of technology of communication, some individuals has clearly known the ways of anti-social due to the internet.
The internet shows their negative effects to the world.
Accordingly, the solutions of this issue should also be diverse.
First, the government should be carried out comparable rules and regulations to exert the effects on influcing the behavior of their local inhabitants who should be the good symbol of the society.
Then the government should establish some institutions to provide the food and accomodations to the poor families to meet the lowest living standard.
In conclution, several nefative factors contribute to affect the residents on behavior of their lives including family, friend and modern technology.
They complement each other, and exist together to balance the society, the death penalty is the product of this .
The death penalty exists at various times, but they don't remains constant all the time.
In ancient times, the whole society is in an unstable condition.
The authority always want to keep themselves save, this outweighs all other considerations, so they often rather believe it to be true or not.
Moreover, the authority cut their head in the sight of public, the authority kill them in such a crude and rough way is just giving a warning to the public, they never consider anything besides that, let alone the humanism.
All of these shows the difference between the death penalty of the various times, that is -humanism.
Thank you for telling me about your school life.
I get up at twenty six o 'clock on weekdays.
And get up at nine o'clock on rest day.
I have breakfast and then leave home at forty six o'clock.
I usually go to school by bick.
We have nine lessons every day.
The first lessin starts at thirsty seven o'clock.
I usually do my homework as soon as I get home from school.
On saturday, I go to play badminton with my friends.
The early bird catches the worm.
Once I have failed in an examination.
I felt depressed.
The fact proved is lazy led to my failure.
My mother encouraged me, It is good to be clever, but it is better to be industrious.
  Listened to mum's words I saw light suddenly.
I decided to start studying hard.
Then, I got up early to review lessons every day.
I listened carefully in the class.
I asked teachers for help as soon as I have questions.
And hard I beat down me.
So, diligence leads to success.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
Switzerland is located in central of Europe, where it is bordered by Germany to the north, Fance to the west , Italy to the south, and Austria to the east.
It covering an are of 41,000 square kilometers.
The population of Switzerland is about 750,000,000.
It is one of the most developed coutries in the world.
Berne, the capital of Switzerland, and Geneva are also attract me.
I am looking for a chance to traveling to Switzerlang.
As the old saying goes, The winner becomes the king, loser the bandit  .
Theoretically speaking, in defendant by certificate guilty before thought his innocent idea can guarantee does not sentence the case of injustice, does not treat the good person.
Anyone is equal , you do not have any right to accuse a person of guilty .
But what worried me is that this principle do not be widely used in modern society , many people charge a person of guilty depends on his/her birthplace or background not evidence.
If a person has money or right , he/she has a saying.
In order to avoid this unfair scene happening again, we should be together to defend .
People like hearing stories from other countries and from others, so by telling them about your travelling with your new language you may develop new friendships.
You'll be very good at associating other things as well.
In a word , we should study a foreign language.
Ours social, The social practice is playing more essential role in China college education.
Donot-it-themselves.
I think first, We don't have enough money, second, we lack working experience.
But being self-employed has become quite popular among graduates, because they are greatly attracted by the freedom and considerable profits that it may bring.
Besides, a fearsome job market and high graduate unemployment rates also stop them from seeking a job.
My friend Mr.
My friend Sally, she was playing the piano, and she was stopping to have a rest.
My friend Tom, he was reading some books.
And my friend Mrs Wang, she was in the life, and she could not get out.
The power off is very bad.
As shown in the above picture, the teacher let her students of literature, he said: just think of it as if you read a long message.
With the development of the Internet, more and more people tend to shop on the Internet.
For one thing, online shopping has brought some convenience for consumers.
Instead of going to one shop to another, people can choose and buy all kinds of commodities they like as long as they click the mouse gently.
This is not only a better choice for the old who do not have enough energy to go outside but also a great convenience for those who have no time to go shopping in person.
All models can browse through all of the categories of commodities, determines the color and size do you want to buy.
However, on the other hand, in the online shopping can not before they buy goods test.
Secondly, some shops on the Internet are dishonest, they will not deliver the goods after payment.
Yesterday was sunday.
A good friend contacted me because he wanted to have a dinner with me.
I went to downtown by bus Number 5.
After 40 minutes I arrived railway station that we have arranged to meet here.
We were walked around then decided to have dinner in the restaurant.
The restaurant' wall mainly showed lemon yellow.
Overall have Europe and the retro style.
If I were a superman, I would eat those delicious food up by myself.
I don't feel rested when I wake up in the morning.
I exhaustively stumped class.
The first class is Language laboratory practice.
I actively answer the teacher asked question.
I was praised by the teacher.
She's encourage make me cheer up.
The second class is Comprehensive English.
This morning, I haven't had breakfast yet .
My deskmate gives me small bread.
Suddenly, I feel my heart singing.
When it comes to The Internet, different people have different opinion.
While some people argue that its disadvantageous.
Nowadays, online rumors problem is more and more serious.
There are many reasons that has resulted in online rumors.
Firstly, the rapidly development of computer Internet techniques is the most important reason.
Today, computer has come into every house as well as TV.
People can do every thing with computer conveniently.
But at the same time, people may make a great variety of rumors for a great variety of reasons conveniently.
Secondly, market competition is also a reason of online rumors.
Some companies may raise their products' reputation by running down others' products online.
In my opinion, there're some measures to decrease that.
What the most important thing is government should strengthen the laws about online's management and improve people's awareness of self-control and ethics.
But some people think that to do so for learning good students is not fail, in the long term can make a result good student performance decline, lose their learning enthusiasm and confidence.
Happiness is the feeling of pleasure and satisfaction.
It belongs to positive emotions among human feelings .
People always make efforts to seek happiness.
Some of them take it for granted that more money can bring them more happiness, while some may think that they will be happier if they possess more power.
Nevertheless, no one even some famous scholars can definite  happiness accurately.
I hold my own view of the definition of happiness.
It has no shape, no color and no weight.
It's not associated with wealth or welfare.
It doesn't mean that the higher position leads to more happiness.
There are three main occasions that are filled with happiness, in my opinion.
Firstly, family reunion is the most unforgettable moment for us.
Once I imagine the scene that all my family members gather together around the table, I can't stop becoming excited and cheerful.
It's surely that everyone especially those who work far away from home look forward to this harmonious moment all the time.
The second clue to happiness is love.
We usually find that when we give a hand to others who are in need, the feeling of satisfaction comes to us at the same time.
Of course, courage from our parents, help from our friends and care from our lovers all make us happy.
The last but not least is the joy of achieving a goal.
It's beneficial for us to set goals for study and life during certain periods.
Happiness is not so difficult to reach as we imagine.
Different countries have different ways of learning, in China mainly teacher give priority to.
For chinese students say we can do is to listen to the teacher told the class, finish the homework carefully.
on the one hand, Some people think the Internet development is beneficial to people's life.
On the other hand, some people think that adverse Internet developmentment and people'life Many students are addicted to online games, ignore learning.
As far as I'm concerned, we should correctly understand the Internet.
We should use it's good.
First, in the past years, we always wrote letters, but now, we can chat with our friends and talk on the phone, send emails and so on, we make a lot of firends.
Second, we want to go to a far place, we always think it so far so that we should give up the thing, don't worry, nowadays, we have a convenient traffic, for example, airplane, light rail.
Next, we have a variety of entertainment, when we feel tired, we can go shopping and sing songs, play games so that we can relax.
English is one of the most imporant langugages in the world.
At the same time , it is also the most widely spoken language in the world .
the skill of English.
It has many advantages.
firstly, it is very convernet.
and anywhere.
seconly , it can help us to pratice pronunciation.
oral English.
In short, we can reap the benefit from learning English online .
more fluent as long as we work hard .
It is universally acknowledged that beauty can often receive priority in most aspects.
As we all know, employers need those who can profit them.
It is always ignored by so many people.
To summarize, capability is more important than good appearance in working.
Gilbert Highet(June 22,1906-January 20,1978)was a Scottish-American classicist, academic, writer, intellectual, critical and literary historian.
He is best known as a mid-20th-century teacher of the humanities in the United States.
As most schools are set up today, learning is compulsory.
This is a mistake.
Learning is a natural pleasure, inborn and instinctive, one of the essential pleasures of the human race.
It is because they were made dull, by bad teaching, by isolation, by surrender to routine, sometimes, too, by the pressure of hard work and poverty, or by the toxin of riches, with all their ephemeral and trivial delights.
With luck, resolution and guidance, however, the human mind can survive not only poverty but even wealth.
This pleasure is not confined to learning from textbooks, which are too often tedious.
But it does include learning from books.
But, far beyond books, learning means keeping the mind open and active to receive all kinds of experiences.
Learning also means learning to practice, or at least to appreciate an art.
No learner has ever run short of subjects to explore.
The pleasures of learning are indeed pleasures.
In fact, the word should be changed.
The true name is happiness.
After reading this passage, I have a deeper understanding about learning.
Learning is a natural pleasure, inborn and instinctive, one of the essential pleasure of the human race.
Much unhappiness has been suffered by those people who have never recognized that it is as necessary to make themselves into whole and harmonious personalities as to keep themselves clean, healthy and financially solvent.
There is no doubt that more and more beutiful girls spewing out, they may be natural beauty or Artificial beauty, at all events, they are in good appearance.
But the interesting thing is that we all know that a lot of pretty girls have found a better job than the general people though their capabilities can not compare with the general people.
As we all know, Beijing Film Academy is the best art academy in China, there always have many girls who are in good appearance come to Beijing to have a interview.
Although the good appearance is the premise condition, the academy will not accept the girl who have good appearance but without any ability.
We can find that there are a quantity of movie stars and singers famous by their hard-working but not by their appearance.
Thus it can be seen that good appearance is not more important than capability, the society only believe the capability, not the surface.
Then the article followed by the introduction of the reason for the U.
When it comes to whether cloning has any benefits, there is no agreement among people.
Some people are in favor of cloning while some others think it should be banned.
In all.
People who think cloning has benefits point out that cloning not only can be used for infertility, but also offers a promising future in medical treatment.
Moreover, with the development of science, this technology will be used more and more widely.
Everything has it's two sides.
However, some others think, up to now we have not had enough experience, the success rate of animal cloning is low.
Furthermore, it also has some moral problems.
There is some truth in both arguments.
But I think the advantages of cloning overweigh the disadvantages.
Today, Lisa came my home.
She is my friend who is from America.
This is her fist trip in China.
We walked to the Huaguo mountain.
This is an active center for all the people in city.
There are many mountains and monkeys.
The waterfall is very beautiful.
It is like a natural playground.
It will quickly follow going to the Fossil Museum, because my hometown is a place rich in fossils.
We were tired and hungry.
So we decided to go home.
However, there are many places where we didn't get.
In this morning, there is a dangerous situation in a cross road.
it is obvious that the traffic accident is very serious.
we should pay more attention to this accident.
In that day, the weather is not well, having a rain in the sky.
A car drive on the way as usual.
the driver drive the car very fast.
The road with the rain is so slippery.
Maybe the drivers have no sense about the safe, and they don not notice the symbols of sign.
the drivers control the car with absent-mindedness.
The road sign is in front of the cross-road.
When the car cross over the road, suddenly, a shocked sound can be heard from the car.
The accident is so serious, in front of it , , the appearance of the car have been broken.
The light in front of the car is ruined, but the window of the car is well.
And the gates of the car is well.
All the mentioned above indicate that the way of driving in this picture is improperly.
We should notice the thing that is invisible.
We should keep mind clearly when we drive on the road especial in the bed weather.
Remember do not drunk driving in the road.
It is easy happen the traffic accident when we are drunk.
When the weather is bad, it is necessary for us to drive the car slowly.
I also have the suggestion for the sign.
Only in this way can we drive the car safer.
If we pay more attention to the way of diving , it can contribute to our country that the traffic accident get changed.
The traffic accident can bring us bad disaster, so you should remember the notice of the way.
How time flies.
Now I am a senior high school student.
And she is also strict in her work and is strict with us.
At the beginning of high school i fletl very lonely because of the stranger environment , new claasmates and new teachers.
On Those days i even did't say any words .
after she knew that , she had a talk with me .
she encouraged me a lot .
she is also an enthusiastic and energetic woman.
her class is very interesting.
her teaching method is nothing like that of my middle school' teacher .
In the end, i want to say i appreciate her help.
because of her , now i'm full of confidence to face the difficulties.
Dear Mr.
The English speech contest is coming.
We would like to invite you to be the judge of this contest.
As we all know, you are from England and you are very famous in speech.
So we think no one is more suitable than you.
We are looking forward to your attendance.
With the development of technology, in today's society, computer is considered as an absolutely necessary tool to our human beings.
We can acquire a large amount of knowledge by using computer to surf the Internet.
At the meantime, we can receive various courses on line by distance learning.
To begin with, it is important for students to communicate with teachers.
Teachers can not only help students solve their problems but also educate them many other aspects in their life.
The purpose of education is being a useful person while getting knowledge.
When students educated by teachers, they can learn many useful values to be a useful person.
Secondly, a classroom-based education circumstance is certainly important.
It can provide an academic way about thinking of problems.
They will meet different students from variety of backgrounds to share their opinions toward the same issue, from which they will learn other people's advantage and realize their own shortcoming.
Finally, everyone has his own characteristics.
In brief, computers won't replace human teachers forever.
What we really need is a lively learning circumstance instead of a tool to study.
Hello, everyone.
My name is L.
Today, I'll talk you with my favourite festival.
My favourite festival is Mother's Day.
Firstly, in many western festivals, Mother's Day is most warmth and make sense.
Secondly, I prefer Mother's Day because it can let us experience the affection and the affection of the mother.
It is obvious that we all love our mother, so I am looking forward to Chinese mother's Day.
And set it as a statutory holiday.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
After ten years I want to be a botanist researcher.
Because the plant is my favorite, the most interesting thing.
I hope that after ten years, I can achieve my desire now.
I might play badminton in my spare time.
Travel around, to look at the plants and scenery around.
In that time I might have married and have my own child.
My favourite country is Sweden.
Sweden is a developed country.
It's located in the middle of the Europe.
It covers an area of forty-one thousand square kilometers.
It has a population of seven million and five hundred thousand.
Sweden is close to Austria, France, Germany and Italy.
Sweden is rich because its chemical industry and food industry prosperous.
I love Sweden.
Life is a lifelong career.
With the world changing so fast, you need to play an important role of your life.
Life is a mirror, you smile to it, and it smile to you.
But you hate it, your life will be terrible.
We are gaining something, or losing something everyday.
We are all in the position of the farmer.
If we plant a good seed, we reap a good harvest.
If our seed is poor and full of weeds, we reap a useless crop.
Life is the greatest teacher.
If you just want the luck all the time.
Life tell you that is not possible.
You can imagine a man who did not do anything and stayed at home.
He said he want to be a true man.
It is a time when we should think aboutour life.
Time is eaqual to everybody.
Our future is leaded by us.
And life-the greatest teacher will make you change a lot.
As we all know, everyone has different opinions about how to enhance themselves the sense of happiness.
Some people hold the idea that the sense of happiness only include the aspect of matter.
Maybe , it is shallow about this kind of opinion, but opinions are vary from person to person.
however, others think that the sense of happiness not only include the aspect of matter , but also include the ascept spirit.
People desire to do something if they are in a good mood.
In my opinion, happiness is all around us.
The Dream House was organized by some kind volunteers which is more and more popular in our community.
First of all, the volunteers can take care of the students who was no one attended because of their busy parents.
And there are delicious meals on time for the students.
However, the volunteers also can assist the students to finish their hard homework.
Today, every university offers a variety of elective courses.
It can make students learn more knowledge, and also can enrich students' spare life.
Elective courses covers many subjects outside the professional.
For example, music, dance, college chinese and psychology.
etc.
Now, I have entered the university the second grade, and I have choosed electives several days ago.
I chooosed two coerses.
The one is College Students' Psychological Health, the other is Chinese and foreign Classic film songs appreciation.
Because I have interests in psychology, I choose a kind of psychology course.
In addition, I like listening ang singing music, so I choose the music appreciation.
In fact, electives are stutents' hobbies.
When students choose electives, they can follow their feelings.
If you do like this, It will produce good results.
Rerently, a foreign friend of mine is coming to vist China .
I feel very nice to be a guide .
I will take him to see what is the most instresting place.
First of all , i will take him to see the great wall , because many people know it all over the world .
the great wall represent a culture of China .
we are proud of it.
we are not understand it how to finish until today.
so that it is very wonderful and mysterious.
the second i will take him to see the summer palace duo to it is home of emperor .
IT represent a lifestyle of emperor.
IT is very beautiful and admireable.
IT also represent a culture of China is very wonderful.
finally i hope a friend of mine can be instresting to those place.
increasing.
The situation of energy we have to confront become worse and worse.
So we must be up against it and try to rescue it.
Some people believe that we should save resources as far as we can in order to extend the ues of time .
As far as I am concerned, its our obligation to save energy, meanwhile, the government should exploit new energy to solve the energy problem.
We are often faced with different kinds of crises in our daily life.
Different people have the different response.
The crisis is to our life what the illness is to our body.
Some huge diseases may destroy our body, even end our lives, but what's more, we can overcome diseases.
As students, we may be faced with a lot of crises.
At that time, we may feel worried about how to solve all these crises.
If you ask me, I must say I will hold on until I solve the crises.
I will believe that I can address the crises.
When I was in my secondary school, my Chinese teacher told me that no matter what kind of difficulty I am confronting, I should believe myself and smile.
Some people say 'the only thing we can do in the face of a recession is to let it run its course and do nothing'.
If we do nothing, we must be losers and we will never have the sense of victory.
It seems to me that we should not be afraid of confronting the crises.
Crises sometimes contributes to our life in a way that few can imagine.
It can make us strong enough to face ourselves when we feel weak.
At first, we must calm down and encourage ourselves.
The 2014 World Cup hold in Brazilian, It is a grand play for all the soccer fans all over the world.
My favorite team is the Germany Team.
Founded in 1930 with just 13 teams, the tournament now attracts from more than 140 countries and 32 teams can play World Cup.
When the match begins, I hope I can watch it.
But if I am busy study the I will not watch.
I hope the Chinese Team can do well in the 2018 World Cup.
Because China has never win a World Cup before.
Tom and Sam are good friends.
They have a lot in common.
For example Sam is taller than Tom.
But Tom is thinner than Sam.
In the aspect of personality, Sam is funnier than Tom.
But Tom is more friendly than Sam.
And they both like sports.
Tom is better at running than Sam.
So Tom often wins.
And they both get up early every day.
Each one has his good points.
With the development of technology, the use of computer is becoming more and more.
so people use it play games.
select information and so on.
Second, internation contact between two mind.
After three weeks of school, I have more feeling about my teachers.
My first impression of her is strict.
But to my surised, she is very kind and energtic.
She usually wave her hands when she feel excited.
But sometimes, she feeels angry with our homework.
The teacher is my first know is Mrs Bai.
She is our math teacher, but also is our classleader.
She is very kind and panitent.
But when she serious, nobody dare to say a word unless she asks us to.
Most of our class really appreciate her because her teaching is so well organised and clear.
We all like her very much.
Different people may have different views about the way of how to enhance our sense of happiness.
For dancers, to dance is the way; For kids, to play is the way ; For winners, to win is the way; For the students , to get a better grands is the way.
Because when our dreams come ture, we may feel very happily.
Of course, as a medicinal student , I think health is the precondition to enhance it .
In order to enhance our sense of happiness, we must enrich our knowledges and get a heaithy body to realize our dreams.
The problem of Diaoyu Island is focused on by HongKong and Macao compatriots, TaiWan compatriots and overseas Chinese in the long term.
It is all Chinese people's common position that Diaoyu Island is China's inherent territory from ancient to now.
China is determined to protect state sovereignty and territorial integrity firmly.
The compatriots on both sides are consistent when we preserve national interest and dignity safeguard.
HongKong, Macao and Taiwan compatriots and overseas Chinese at home and abroad organize activities in all sorts to preserve Diaoyu Island's territorial sovereignty and express Chinese people's justice position.
    I don't know you please walk away.
Maybe l will be living somewhere completely different.
What's more, l will finish my school work.
I will be a doctor or work in a hospital.
Eventually, l will go on vacation with my family in my holidays.
Eventually, l can take an exercise every day.
For example swimming, running and so on.
And the some time it also can deepen the feeling between two people as in real life .
But some people can't accept it , they say that you can exchange your idea to each other and it surely can deepen your feeling but it can't replace the communication in real life .
The Internet provides them with a broad space, in which they can talk freely and find the one they love .
She said it was some kind of a test.
As people living standard rise shanghai's urban houseband spending in the very big chance .
roughly divided into.
Enrertainment.
Diet Education.
Medical.
There are other.
Through comparing the 1980.1990.2000years spending.
Can see the obvious.
Clothingand foodand spending less and less.
More and more entertainment spending.
Health spending more and more.
More and more education spending.
There are many reasons why i feel these changes in spending proportion.
For example.
the environment is more and more poor .
people eating urban lead to many medicial accidents.
Traffic increasingly perfect also creats a lot of traffic accidents.
Today people wilee enjoy more and more .
people's education level was improved .
people's education spending also will increase .
these changes on personally i feel it is not good .
Because more and more money to spend on the medical shows that people's physical quality is more and more bad .
For society is not a very good .
The entertaintion of social environment .
Social traffic chaos.
The society as a whole .
the whole city is in a state of instability .
You may hate me today, however, one day you will thank me.
  Honest advice, though unpleasant to the ear, benefits conduct.
Mr.
Reading and practice is like building a house.
The house was built and the higher the ground is more strong, but reading is the foundation of practice, practice is the cover of high-rise buildings.
From what has been discussed above, we can draw the conclusion: reading and practice of learning are as important as.
It's extremely significant to greate a conservation-oriented campus.create a conservation-oviented has many reasons.
Firstly, on campus there are many wasting phenomenon, such as wasting water.
Secondly, it has many significant.
It can make our campus life more friendly and pretty.
In order to create a conservation-oviented campus, we can carry out a variety of activities, such as speech contest to let more students take part in this activity.
So they can realize this phenomenon.
Now there is a strange phenomenon that someone fall on the road, but no one to help .
I think that most people didn't help others in need because they were afraid of meet liar.
English writing is very difficult for me, and it makes me very headache, so I dislike English writing.
Second, the grammar is very poor for me, a lot of cannot used and often make miss take.
Third, there are many topics I do not know what to write and how to express myself mind, and I should write anything, many people told me, you should read many articles and remember some sentences and paragraphs, you can use them in articles.
Nowadays, the cities become more crowded with the sharp increasing population.
Meanwhile, ti is the excessive exploitation that makes the soil barren.
The cutting of forests as well as the lack of water are also enormous problems.
Furthermore, the air pollution has gone from bad to worse all over the world.
We must face the situation that exists and take actions to solve our environmental problems.
For this practice many people have different opinions, the majority of people believe that spare time should not be curtilage at home.
Because of work and study are remarkably busy at ordinary times.
And, pressure is extremely substantial.
So, in his spare time to go out to play or exercise should be a down and relax and breathe the fresh air.
Second, we visited the plantation.
We saw many hares in the plantation.
They were very lovely.
At about a quarter to ten, we went fishing by the lake.
My father like fishing very much, so he caught many fish.
Nest, we had a short respite in the Plantation Hotel.
Our company has won a largre export order, so we have to talk to foreigners.
We will organize foreign language training after work from November 1st for some of you whose foreign language is poor.
During my high school life, I had a good English teacher.
She had a strong influence on me.
She is friendly and helpful.
Not only does she has a good command of the knowledge of English, but also she has unique teaching methods.
She always teaches us some English games in class in order to make the lessons lively.
Today I am a freshman , I have officially began to my college life.
I look forward to having an excellent English teacher.
My ideal college English teacher must have high academic mastery and rich knowledge.
In addition, she also should explain more of the knowledge of the society.
What's more, she can encourage us to make out-class reading and teach us how to study by ourselves.
Also, I want to learn more Enlish knowledge from our college English teacher.
I want to polish up my English and speak English fluently.
Throughout the process of growth, we are accustomed to depending on our parents.
Whatever we desire and however difficult it is to obtain, our parents will manage to fulfill.
However radiating light and heat as they are like the sun, our parents are growing old.
No doubt, this phenomenon should disappear.
As far as I'm concerned, university students mostly aged over 18 should be regarded as adults.
We may develop our interests which we cannot think it or dare to play it.
The exam-oriented education is always the chinese educational's sadness .
Perhaps this is the accurate colleague life.
As we all know, online shopping has been more and more popular in the past few years.
Online shopping, as a new way of shopping, has been changing people's life.
People have different opinions on it.
Some people support it in that they think online shopping really promotes our lives.
It is exceedingly convenient to shopping online.
Just click the mouse, pay for what they tend, then wait instead of going outside for something needed.
As the saying goes, each coin has two sides.
There are also many people who don't like online shopping.
They have their reasons.
The first one, they cannot see the actual things online, just some pictures, and they don't know if the goods are of promising quality.
From my point of view, online shopping is exactly a new thing which is changing our lives.
On the one hand, it is exceedingly convenient and cheap.
On the other hand, if we were addicted to online shopping, we would waste lots of time and money on it.
In addition, when we're waiting for what we bought online, we may not concentrate on what we are doing.
Albert Einstein is one of the most famous scientists in the world.
And he love mathematics.
He was born in Vlm, Germany,1879.
What's more, he didn't speak until he was three.
He had the idea of his theroy of relativity when he was 16.
Besides, he studied physics in Zurich, Switzerlard.
Quickly, he published the special theroy of relativity in 1915.
He awarded Nobel Prize for physics in 1921 as well.
He left Germany when Hitler came to power and went to work in the US.
Hallo miss Liu.
My name is Y. I hope you still memorize me.
I come from X.
I was born in 1993 this year i am 22 years old.
I work for a few years after graduating from high school.
Than i want to continue to learn professional konwledge, so i come back to university.
In my freetime, i usually play basketball with my friend .
I want to be a professional basketball player when i was still in high school, but i am not high enough.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large export order, some people whose foreign language is bad.
The course will start at 9:00am in the conference room.
He often plays basketball with other boys after class or in P.
Who give you console, who give you know, when you feel sad.
Who will accompany you tears, and who will accompany you face, when you lose hope.
She is always insignificant, no look behind, no one care about her out does not appear.
But often there is a love the most easily we ignored, it is not little or ordinary, because selfless, so pure, always and we were like peas and carrots that we too used to it and don't take it seriously.
We laugh at them the old ideas and the old practices.
But they are tolerant, kind, appreciating for us.
They give us good--to excellent care, pay attention to us bit by bit.
When we grew order, we gradually to know we were childish and fault.
As the rapid development of economy, more and more private cars are occurred in many family.
Firstly, many private cars may produce a lot of carbon dioxide, which is harmful to our environment.
In the summer vacation, I found a job as a sales-woman.
Sales is the common work but it also difficult to do.
At the first day, I have known some rules about sales.
  Secondly, you need to learn new skills for our products to sell well.
From the job, I know that I should do everything to use my initiative.
If you don't know how to sell, you can ask for your manager.
Don't worry about the answer that you can't understand.
The experience is exciting.
Learning tolerance is one of the most difference between human and animal.
With the remarkable growth of the population, we have to get in touch with these people.
If we want to get along well with someone, wo would learn to tolerance the shortcomings of other.
In spite of one may have controversy with others in some aspects, he thought of the thing standing the point of others' view , finally , he was compatible with others .
Three passions, from the past to the future, have never leaved my mind: the search for knowledge, the ambition for career, the enjoyment of my own family.
As a member of human being, actually, kowledge is the rarest treasure for me.
The process of learning knowledge is toilsome but enjoyable.
What's more, the mastery of knowledge gives me confidence and ability in daily life.
With equal passion I have sought ambition.
To be honest, personaly speaking, having an ambition in my career is more than set a goal, but bring more passion.
The last but not the least, Familial affection have occupied a large place in my mind.
It was nearly 7:00pm when I got to the bus station.
Buffeted by the wind, I felt the wind was bone chilling .
To my surprise, the bus was nearly full, when I was pushed into the bus , I couldn't even move my fingers.
It take time to get to the repair centre, what's more, the process is a hard trail.
In my time of sadness, the bus stopped suddenly.
''Said the woman softly.
Suddenly, I felt a warm spring running in my heart.
Words can't express my thanks to her, sometimes, a little help will bring much warmth to other people.
Always fantasy when I graduated from high school and what si a university.
The university life is what king of.
And now.
I have already stepped into the college life.
began to plan my college life.
I want to a meaning college students deseve what is different for everyone.
A meaningful college life and should be listening to lectures, class every day seriously complete the teacher the assignment.
and then is very serious and crazy to play with my friends.
This is my university life.
For AIDS, I still know less, just know that it is a deadly virus and it is through the blood and sex to spread.
I know its harm is so major.
In video, Those children are so thin and so sympathetic.
Because in Africa, they never get treatment even can not ensure nutrition, then many people dead.
In our country, AIDS can get treatment but them are group that are discrimination.
This is Jim.
He's thirty-five.
He is a teacher.
He's tall.
This is Jim's daughter.
She is a student.
She's a clever girl and she is good beautiful.
This is her mother.
She's thirty-seven.
She's a doctor.
When I was surfing on the Internet, my father came in and said  go to bed early  to me.
But I didn't care about it.
The second time when my father looked me again, I still stayed up and stared at the screen.
He became a bit angry so I promised to sleep soon.
As a result something broke out.
Recently, With the development of the music.
More and more people are interested in music.
The music has become one of the important part of our daily life.
Secondly, They also enioy the music when they are go for a walk in the park at night.
Thirdly, People like to listen to music when they are sad.
Because some happy songs can cheer them up.
As college students, who have much time in their free time, so we should make full use of our time.
To take participate in social practice activities is a good choice.
, which can broaden our horizons and enrich our knowledge.
But it is important that we should be carefully in the social practice.
The society is very complicated, every things may happened.
We must learn how to protect ourselves.
It's true that most of us value honesty highly.
I think that we should be honest because being honest is not only beneficial to ourselves but also to others and the whole society.
For example, the JiaoYulu, who was a man that made great contribution for peoples in LanKao.
Firstly, only honest people can be truly respected by others and can make more friends over a long period of time.
Secondly, honesty, which is the traditional virture of the Chinese people, can make our life easier and more harmonious.
Thirdly, honesty can make our society more stable.
Some professors think students go to college not only to study some skills of their specialization in their subject, but also to be exposed to some of the ideas of mankind.
At the end of their course they meant to reach for a scroll that would read Bachelor of Science or Arts.
It would not read: Qualified Technician.
In my opinion, I'm sure, the mankind's spirit is more important than professional skills, because mankind's spirit could improve the quality of our own culture.
We know as a civilized person, individual accomplishment is very important.
If you lack mankind's spirit, you are neither a well-educated human nor a useful citizen of modern society.
So a better college education is not only to train you, but also to put you in touch with what the best human minds have thought.
First of all , I think, we classified different positions so that visitors can find their jobs quickly and the jobs they find suit them well at the same time.
In order to increase the number to visiting the website , I think we should classify the positions more detailly .
The sun is laying in the solar system which seems calm from the surface, but inside.
It's nearly five in the morning and the light will start a new day's work.
exercise, watching English movies and so on.
ourselves.
Here i have some suggestion.
You'd better choose the activities which you are interested in and which are good for you .
In a word, please take part in some activities after class.
I was in Hainan two weeks ago.
If someone gets the virus, he will have a fever and a terrible stomachache.
I knew why I often had a fever then.
It is not a way to protect myself from getting the virus, but a reason.
Normally school education aims to cultivate students' abilities to learn and think.
But mor and more people realize that without the cultivation of moral norms and ethics, we can hardly expect a society to be nice enough for leading a harmonious life.
Character education plays an important role in the development of future society.
It meets the need of emamphemf sizing and developing the students' all-round qualities.
In the long run, it protects students from being selfish, indifferent, conceited as well as important in their daily lives.
The college students hardly go out dormitories.
Insteadly, they are absorbed in the network, we can see a bunch of guys holding the telephone or compute tightly every time, chatting on the Internet, going surfing, watching the shows and so on.
College students should take part in social practice actively.
it not only give us exercise.
In my point of view, college is a turning point, it is a small society, we can make preparations abundantly.
our lives are changing many great changs.
in the past 10 years, through the reform and opening up, economic rapid development.
But in these changes, i think the internet is widely used in the life the biggest change.
With the development of economy, the computer has enter many family, people use computers more and more younger.
They through the network chat, meet friends, entertainment, pay attention to the change of the world with news.
The net, do not go out to choose goods for themselves.
Government was aware of the power of the web.
It's well known that Details determine success or failure.
It's really ridiculous that we ignore the smallest things instead of worrying the things unrealistic and far away from us.
they will watch tv however will play computer games and my friends.
Day three, we will go to grandparent's home.
Will have a family dinner.
Have very many delicious food.
And family together to celebrate the Spring Festival is my greatest happiness.
In my opinion, if you take the bank loans, you should study hard to repay the society.
When i first got in touch with the instructional medium, .
i have doubted how effective the teaching method is.
the instructional medium also required me to rethinking how I deliver the subject matter.
My shy dought gave me very big inspiration.
The online class begun which is better than my expect.
The students followed directions well and the discussion version was very lively.
I noticed it seemed to work better with students who were very comfortable with the computer and willing to become part of a community built around the subject matter.
An old man tumbled on the road accidentally, but passerby was hesitating about giving the old man hand.
We are pleased to inform you that we have packed the captioned goods referring the Sales Confirmation No.
J-29.
Your goods will be shipped by S.
Pearl and they will be transhipped by S.
Mayflower  .
This agreement is about cost and ocean freight to come to a deal.
The internet play a very important role in our daylife .
Everyday thousands people play it wity the help of the net you can get many useful imformations.
you can make friends with differents people , you can ask the help or questions the answer and so on.
Every coin has two side, on the other hand, most people and teachers think it is a bad things to play computer.
They think it is a waster of times and money.
This book is more than a book on creative thinking.
As a matter of fact, most impressive to me is the 13th chapter of  Better of your subconscious mind  .
After reading this book, I became more confident as creative person.
In addition, Subconscious can determine to a large extent, our life, our life choices and control of life events.
On the hand, it can relieve their financial burden, because they don't earn money why the reason they use they parent's income.
As for as I am concerned, I think it is a good idea .
What's more, it can spend more time together and communication with each other.
There is still a long way for us to promoted in college, but as a student myself, I find it rewarding and interesting.
I always exercise.
With the popularity and development of the Internet, more and more people do shopping online.
Compared to buying in the stores, shopping on the Internet has a lot of advantages.
On the one hand, it is convenient and comfortable for us.
People can buy everything they want on the Internet.
Shopping on the Internet is doubled-edgedsword.
It also has its disadvantages.
The first disadvantage is that the consumers can't see the goods.
Sometimes, the real goods may not be the same as what they have seen on the computer.
The second is that some shops on the Internet are not registered.
They will never deliver anything to you after they get the money from you.
So I think we should pay more attention shopping on the Internet .
We can buy some low-price things and we must give the money to the owner until receive the thing what we buy.
Daming makes a plan of it.
First, he gets up and gargles at half past eight.
Fifteen minutes passed, it's time to have a healthy breakfastand then do his homework carefully from nine o'clock to half past ten.
And do some exercise inthe garden until eleven thirty.
At twelve o'clock, he has decilious lunch.
In the afternoon, he has a computer lessons or English lessons in two hours.
He read many kinds of books from four PM to six PM.
At six thirty, he has a little dinner and then searches for information or wacth his favourite in one hour.
He puts away things until nine o'clock.
He goes to bed at nine thirty.
As we know, many famous stars have experienced this, and they received a lot of damages.
Learning together for three years.
Liang shan bo don't know Zhu is a girl, Zhu ying tai for receiving a letter from home.
Let her hurry back, but her inconvenient the reasons why.
Liang shan bo after informed, and hurriedly go.
Ma wen cai to wed, but Zhu ying tai was white mourning dress, when after Liang shan bo tomb, the tomb burst suddenly, so she jumped in the grave, then tomb is closed again.
It is said that the reason why a great man is great is that he resolves to be a great man.
I'm also eager for success when I was a little girl.
To begin with, I must keep a conscious mind.not only should I realize what's my strength, but also my weakness.
Second, I should acquire the A higher cultural quality.
whether one person is successful or not, related tightly to the standard of education.
The well-education is vital to the whole life of someone.
Third, imagination and creation are immense important tome.
if I want to be successful , I should set a goal to myself.
Before I have my ideal goal, I should have many reasonable imaginations.
For instance, there are two people would like to clamber mountain, one person's aime is to reach the peak of Mount Everest, the other person wants to get the top of 4000 high mountain.
During their endeavor, the two people live up to their faith.
No doubt that the first one person does better than the latter one, because the latter one must be regret not to choose the higher mountain, and he doesn't take advantage of his potential.once he decides to have a change, there is no opportunity waiting for him.
As for us mankind, we can't change our decisions in our half of a lifetime.
Forth, the active attitude is necessary.
Your appearance is the illustration of your expression, while your expression will betray your feelings.
A friend indeed is known by sharing hardships.
Especially when you are depressed, your friend may encourage you, give you power to step to your goal.
A life without a friend is a life without a sun.
These qualities are the Necessary conditions of success, but not the Sufficient conditions.
Everyone is happy and busy.
We celebrate this occasion in different ways.
National Day was a fine day for going out.
The air was clean.
The sun was bright.
The grass was green.
We all had a long hoilday.
Neverthless I am the exception , most of my time is spent in the laboratory .
It sounds so disappointing .
Yes , I do think so .
But the fact always be controlled by oneself , isn't it In addition , like someone I treat my National Day as the rest time for my previous days and the following .
During these days in my laboratory I do a lot of things to my interest not as that on my commom days .
In the daytime I would like to read some books in my favorite having nothing with our project .
I also would like to go to the internet to explore much information such as about football or basketball and so on .
I have watch lots of movies that I desire to for a long time on my computer in the evening .
Therefore, the NAFTA and the WTO have been hurting U.
It is a organazation that composed of many warm heart volunteers, called the Dream House.
Because the parentes of student were so busy that cant take good care of their chilren, but the volunteers can give them help.
Gradually, the dream house bacoming more and more popular in our community.
In here, the volunteers will offer the delicious meal and solve the difficult problem of the student's homework.
Reliance on computer may give rise to some problems.
First, people is lazy to think about something themselves once they do it without computer if they rely too much on computers before.
Second, people used to use computer in entertainment could not be interested in something else.
In my opinion, we should pay more attentions on this problem.
As we all recognize, it has become a trend to shop online.
I suppose that we shouldn't be blind when shopping online.
Because each coin has two sides.
On the one hand, people for the most part prefer online shopping at home.
Firstly, because they think it's more convenient for the sick and the busy people who can't go to the shops in person to make the purchase of goods.
Secodly, they can only use credit cards while shopping on the Internet.
Aparting from this, they think online shopping is cheaper than stores.
Thirdly, it also can compare prices.
Therefore, they can let up their expenditures.
What's more, they can also find many things what they can't find in the real store.
On the other hand, not all the goods have good quality in the Internet.
Firstly, it results in some people who dislike shopping online, because the real goods may not be the same as what have seen on the computer.
Then, they would rather pay cash instead of letting out their personal information.
So they think it's unsafe for them to shop online.
Thirdly, not only it's unsafe, but also they buy some things are different from what the shop assistant describes.
The last but not least, some things in the Internet are much more expensive and sometimes the shop is much less faithful.
As far as I'm concerned, I believe that shopping online will be more popular in the future.
But at the same time we should harness the benefits while avoiding the drawbacks.
Nowadays many debates around a topic is that Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
One hand , people is support that experience without learning more important.
There is a reason that more works are need a rich experience to suit it.
While learning also a key point, but nowadays more and more work enviroment is needs a person with experience, to solve the special problem.
And another hand, the opinion turn more care to about the learning, what's more, they think when a person put himself into a learning atomersphere, he will gather more haevest than ever before.
In my opinion, may be put more attention to the experience.
method of solve problems.
When you do something with your body not your mind.
Just find more difficult than in imagine.
They believe that formal examination is out of date.
Today, some people hold the belief that people should take many different way to test a person, because they think, in 21 century, everyone should learn more knowledge, formal examination is a single way while others argue that thought.
This peer pressure can influence how you dress, what kind of music you listen to, and what types of behavior you engage in, including risky behaviors such as gambling, cigarettes and alcohol.
As you grow older, you'll be faced with some difficult decisions.
Some things don't have a clear right or wrong answer.
Making decisions by yourself is hard enough, but when other people get involved and try to pressure you one way or another, it can be even harder, so it's called peer pressure.
In my opinion, when you face peer pressure you should hold on your better judgment and common sense.
I know it is tough to be the only one who says no to peer pressure, but you can do it.
For example, I feel more energetic when I am in school after I joined the school volleyball team.
Food Satefy became an important problem.
In our daily life, we have bad food and healthy food.
On the one hand, bad food is bad for our health.
On the other hand, healthy food will make us become stronger and stronger.
But bad food will make many problems.
First, it is h, armful to our bodies.
For example, people eating it, they will get ill.
Seriously, it will make people have food poisoning and lead people to die.
Second, it will cause people's distrust of the supervision of the state and enterprises.
So that people don't buy anything is made in China instead of buying something is made in foreign countries.
So it will bring about outflow of capital.
Third, it will make enterprisers lose their consciences and it will affect social harmony.
We should do something to solve this problem.
First, concerning departments should strengthen the quality spervision of food sources strict markert access system.
Second, building the quality management system, and insure them effectually operated and maintained.
To my surprise, the woman is author's mother and she was different.
As the proverb goes Diligence redeems stupidity.
Horever he dropped his study in 1977.
You worked hard, yet without complaining.
Originally, I was a mischievous child.
At present, I can assist you to do housework and do part-time job at holiday .
Therefore, I can share responsibility for life.
As society becomes more and more advansed and complicated, we are anticipate that health play a more ande more important role in the life of individuel members of society and in the development of society itself.
Nowdays, people in a mounting numbers choosing to adopt a sedentary life style.
They spent the whole day sitting or lying when thay are working or studying.
In order to solve the problem of sedentary lifestyle, we must choose a healthy lifestyle.
Getting some activity is a very healthy thing to do.
We should do more physical activity in our everyday life.
I'm sorry to hear that you can't sleep well at night because you have been working too long on your study.
First of all, it's very important for you to develop a good learning habit.
Dear John, the letter read.
I'll see you soon, then.
  Reading a hundred times, its meaning from now.
They suppose they can become special in terms of them.
For most person, mobile devices are tools to convey with others.
First, I will introduce our latest situation.
The population rises rapidly and bring the enormous pressure to the earth.
So people excessing reclamation, cutting down more trees for needs.
Besides, we have a lack of the water resources and the air is polluted seriously.
Now I will tell you my advice about this.
I think it's a good idea to find alternative energy to reduce the pollution.
And we had better control the quantity of the population.
Mr.
smith is our English teacher.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming popular among young people.
There are many reasons that can contribute to this.
Firstly, with the development of the digital industry, people have more access to the Internet.
They can work at home instead of going to company.
Secondly, people can enjoy the freedom and convenience while working at home .
They may feel relaxed and less stress to release themselves.
This is beneficial for people to make full use of their talents.
Today is my first day at my senior high school , Yizhong.
Because we were not familiar with new school, the teacher showed us around at first .
As we all know, we will face more challenges in senior high schoo.
John told him, I wish the money can help, and promise me, next time you won't have to count on anybody but yourself.
He said, Never will I succeed without the boy.
The penal code is aimed at protecting human rights as we all know, while the right to life is the basis of human rights .
To the government and law enforcement agency, it signifies judicial query .
As a social phenomenon, Penalty has objective law instead of human will .
penalty will be more relieved, from body penalty to soul reformation , from negative penalty of the past to positive transformation in the future .
From my point of view, .
Every month, a large number of artists are invited to give lectures and we can get lots of knowledge from them.
It is that woman who were speaking.
It was so cold.
I just wait for my candies, not you.
I buy your favorite cake for you.
At last, I was not disappointed.
I do not know which touches me most.
Nowadays more and more people pay attention to eating, so how to have a healthy diet is a proublem.
So we made a class survey.
In our class, most students eat healthy food.
Most students drink some water every day but lots of students have more two drinks with suger.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Most students have breakfast every day.
There is an old saying'An apple a day keeps the doctor away'.
It is good for your health.
But most students eat junk food for snacks.
Such as fries, chocolate and so on.
Junk food is bad for our health, because most junk food contain much fat.
, Ltd. through whom we learned that your company mainly specializing in exporting various of plastic toys.
What's more, we prefer developing new items which can be made with customer's own logos according to customer's requirements.
There is an old saying goes like this, Happiness is when you are content.
Nowadays the information folw is very fast .
Social networks are groups of people who share interests and who interact in a variety of ways via software on websites .
Social network sites are usually free to come in .
On the one hand, some people difine social network sites as web-based services that allo indiciduals to construct a public or semi-public within a bounded system, articulate a list of other users with whom they share a connection, and view and traverse their list of connections and those made by others within the system.
On the other hand, others agree Social Networking is important.
Social networking can help a business gain contacts, clients, and increased public awaeness.
As far as i'm concered, Social networking is making its mark in history these days.
In fact, is is progressing so fast, it is leaving the news media in the dust.
Nowadays many students do not take the oral English in English study, it attaches great importance to the reading and writing.
Parents do not have any English foundation and family education are almost zero.
Many children don't like to speak English, this is a sickness.
As far as I'm concerned, there are possibly two reasons contributing to this phenomenon.
There is a saying: money is a thing apart.
My city decides to add some taxis.
A number of people agree to increase taxis.
They think taxis are too few.
And wait taxis need to spend too much time.
Others think add taxis is a bad idea.
Because more taxis would cause more serious traffic accidents.
My view is add taxis.
I think more taxis can make more easy to our lives.
And don't make people wrangle because taxis'question.
The past 90s has their parents.
An old saying goes: Clogs to clogs is only three generations.
Everyone has oneself way to learn, More than, I have myself's way.
My favorite character is Andy.
He spent 19 years, use a little hammer broke the wall, successfully escaped.
he always have hope.
Hope can set you free.
He not only saved himself but also saved others.
I am from F University.
My name is S.
I'm full of confidence for life.
I can expand children's horizon.
In recent years, scientists usually major in fields related to our body's health because that is connected to our health and majorly useful for us.
This time we are researching this part: knees.
The first reason because knees has very important effect which supports people doing exercise.
The second important reason is that many athletes knees have different problems and for their knees are very important.
For example, some famous athletes like Li Na, can not go back to play tennis anymore because of their knees being old and tired.
Two years ago, the famous basketball player Kobe Bryant, because he hurt his knees, was unable to play basketball for the entire year, so I think that our knees healthy that very close to our body healthy and it is more important for athletes and I think in our life, knees are a very sensitive part of our body.
Kness has many little but important linkages which can affect our nerves and many of these can break easily, and if I describe the knees I will say as looking like a stone, but it breaks easily.
In the sports world, many players have gotten injured in their knees before, but their injures were different.
So we may think that different people's knees are different.
I know that the color of people's knees that different and the speed of recovery from knee injuries is also different.
We prepared for the celebration over a month before the beginning of the Spring Festival .
For the seminar in next week, I booked a room in DR hotel.
The room was 2816.
Nowdays, with the fast development of information technology , new information has won wide attentions.
by a few old people.
As we know, young people are usualy curious.
Second, some traditional value has not value at all.
Young people must lost them.
it isuseful to lose these valueless thing.
can notgo out far from their parents.
Nowdays it is impossible.
Young people must go out for job and strive forward.
By contrast, when one reaches an old age, he/she tends to be more conservative and reluctant to acceptnew ideasand innovations.
To me, young peoplehave not lost many of the traditional values of the old generations.
They have just lost those traditional valueless valus.
This program satisfies its name---the voice of china , neither the appearance nor the family, the judges make their descision without knowing anything.
Another point is that when more than one jugde choose a singer, the singer gets the right to follow the master he or she want to be coached by .
This show has turn out to be an unexpected success, and I am quite sure that it will keep attention rate.
I my view, what impressed the audiences is not just the audition type , but also the fair.
For example, there are two people who say they love you.
One takes good care of you.
When you feel at a loss, he gives you some suggestions.
When you are in trouble, he always does you a favour.
Easier said than done.
We ought to do more and say less.
I'm a 20-year-old college student, I want to find a job and guides related.
I can say at least three languages: Chinese, English, French.
I think I can take this job.
My personality is outgoing and I like to communicate with others, I also like travelling very much.
My room is small but it is beautiful.
This is my bed and that is my bookcase.
There is a hat on the bed.
There is a sofa and there is a desk.
My schoolbag is near the sofa.
There are a notebook and a pen on the desk.
There are a tape and a tape player on the desk.
There is a chair near the desk.
Thought I also like to watch the movies sometimes, this is the first time to watch an English movie once a week from March to June.
To be honest, it's a wonderful experience to share every movie with classmates and teachers at class.
When we see the moving screen we will cry.
Instead, we giggle together when we hear funny conversations.
Let's review the movies first of all.
The first movie we appreciate named Truman show, which is the movie that have impressed me most.
It tells a story about a set world, which is manipulated by a director.
Truman is the chief actor who doesn't know the fact that his life is on the live day and night.
As an audience, I wish I could have told him the truth that he is being deceived by all over the people.
Forrest Gump owing so many quality that is worth learning, such as love, persistence, thanksgiving and so on.
This movie covers the history of American.
I also learn about famous events including the Watergate scandal, the Vietnam War.
Dead poets society shows a special teacher who is contrasted with traditional education.
And I hold the view that education is not filling a pail, but the light of fire.
The film War house made me cry.
What impressed me most is the relationship between human beings and animals.
Though I have seen The pursuit of happyness when I was a freshman, I was indeed moved by the father and the lovely son.
All in all, success only belongs to those who can suffer years of toil and make constant effort, just as the old popular saying goes:  where there is a will, there is a way.
In my point of view.
The graduate talked about a topic on  No confusion, No growth  .
Nevertheless, Once graduated, Maybe we still feel confused for a long time, but there is no doubt that without problems we can't make progress in life.
What the similarity between the King's speech and the great debates is that they both reflect how the language can change life.
I learn that the importance of the confident.
To be frank, I don't like One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest very much.
I even can't undersant what the director want to reflets until I discuss it with my friends.
Feminist development was a long period, on which woman challenge the states.
I enjoyed the process of film rewiew, because I thought more about the meaning while I was writing.
I have written the themes and background at class.
Combined with the prompt given by Lucy Liu, I was being motivated.
It was an exciting moment when I provided reflections about submitting assignments through the website.
On the one hand, I felt disappointed if my grade wasn't well.
On the other hand, I had opportunity to correct the mistakes according to the website.
In the end, I suggest that teacher can play movies in chronological order.
To sum up, I was glad that I have seen so many good movies during this semester.
Sometimes, the great movie just like a teacher who share life experiences to us.
As far as I'm concerned, the different movies open a vatiety of windows towards lifeitself.
I'm a Grade Two student from L High school.
J Library is an outstanding work.
There are over 32000000 books in it.
About sixty thousand CDs and DVDs are collected in the library.
The last magazines and newspapers that you can find in it as well.
You can immerse yourself in books from 8:30 to 19:00.
It takes you to get there conveniently by bus.
Some may see it as the most of life while others may view it as a piece of cake .
At the same time, we may face many challenges.
Nowadays more and more social events uncovered modern academician'the problem of qualities.
From where I stand.on the one hand, now students are usually the only child who can be easy to be spoted.
On the other hand, the school education just develop the student's learning skills but ignore thier moral learning.
What'worse, when they leave family and school, the importance of moral would be seen.
For example, they may cant't find good jobs, and they would have difficulty in adapting to a new circumstance.
So it's time that we should take action to solve this problem.
My flight from London was delayed for over two hours because of the heavy fog.
I do wanted to make a telephone call to you to explain the reason of my absence, however, I was already on the plane and the plane was hoping to take off any time, so the airline attendants forbade my phone call because of the consideration of safety.
Your understanding and patience in this matter would be greatly appreciated.
Nowadays, our society has developed faster and faster.
One of the worest problems I care about is the environment.
It's a fact that our air is no longer fresh again, our rivers have been polluted with the waster water.
Trees on our planet are decreasing rapidly.
Our sea leaver is climbing at a terrible speed.
Except for the environmental problems, the relationship between people and people is changing as well.
People seem to hardly trust each other and an increasing number of people become cold-hearted.
On balance, with the development of our society, our people, their minds, our civilization all have changed.
If not, adversely, it seems to be a curse.
When I was a senior, I had my dream university.
The school has a long history.
Especially 1988, its MBA was admit-ed by New York University.
At UIBE, there are 12 colledges,1500 staff,10000 students from everywhere.
Its motto is leaned, honest and seeking'', the school spirit is ''union, dedicated and innovation''.
I loved the school.
you deserve to come .
I am waiting for you .
In accordance with the passage, students get into the university is not the end of anything, but the beginning of a new chapter in their life, university is a wonderful place where pupils can study and help each other, broaden their horizon, enrich their life.
In recent years, with the development of technology.
China has witnessed a dramatic increase in the number of private cars, which has caused many problems.
Now, this issue has given rise to a heated discussion.
First of all, the soaring number of private cars exhausted a mass of gas emission and the environment has suffered greatly from this gas.
For example, the blue sky became feculent, the air was fill with PM particulate matter.
Sometimes, you can see the flowers covered with thick dust.
The more emission gas be exhausted and the more air be polluted, What's more, the emission gas was harmful to our health.
Therefore we must limit the private cars.
In addition, too many private cars would block the street.
It is inconvenient for us to go work and school.
When I went to hometown in the holiday.
I had to wait for an hour even long time to go to the bus station, it is quite a misfortune.
Last but not least, there were many car accidents happened in our life, if we did not limit the private cars, more and more accidents would happen.
In our society, a large number of drivers drive a car after drinking and always cause an accident.
In this way, a life would disappear.
To sum up, in order to let our country become more and more beautiful, it is necessary for us to put a limit on ptivate cars.
I like chemistry just because of the experiment.
On entering the college, we should leave our warm house and parents to a strange place.
Without parents'care, we could feel lonely, but we must keep going on living.
We must do everything by ourselves when we face some challenges and setbacks.
Gradually, we will get used to solving our problems on our own.
Experiencing more difficulties, we will perceive the meaning of life and become more and more optimistic and mature.
Maturity is a symbol of a person who moves from adolescence to young adulthood.
With the development of technology , Internet plays an important role in our lives.
Some advantages of the communication by the Internet can be listed as follows.
First, people can use the Internet all over the world to meet a lot of people and let people know about more imformation.
Finding people that have the same interest is convenient.
Besides, people can communicate with each other by the Internet, such as blog, QQand so on.
Most important of all, people can make friends through the Internet.
However, the disadvantage that the Internet brings to us.
If people spend too much time on the Internet , they will slip into the Internet.
In a word, every coin has two sides.
The Internet does good to our daily life.
But it has also a negative part.
As is well known, many students cheat in the exam.
It is obvious that faced with the exam some students are anxious and not confident.
Because they don't study hard l.
Additionally, the students are lack of honesty which will limit their development.
First of all, students should learn of the harm of cheating and realize that honesty plays an important role in their future development.
In addition, school should punish the students who have been found cheating.
What's more, students also need a good social environment.
In fact, ways to eliminate students' cheating in campus are countless.
There's no that mobile phones today are increasingly building an important influence on people' daily life.
As a tool of connecting people with each other, mobile phones can effectively close the commuicating distance between people, which makes people's life more convienient .
With the development of sicial sicence and technology, mobile phones'fuction also make further development, such as the touch-screen phones and smart cell phones .
However, everything has two sides.
For example, many people, especially those teenagers who over rely on their phones to play games, surfing or read novels, distracting them from their schooling as well as doing harm to their health.
There are thirsty-three class rooms in my school.
is the art room on the second fool too.
There is a PE room on the first fool too.
This is my school.
From your letter I konw that you are interested in Chinese Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is the grandest festival of all year for Chinese.
It has a long history, which can date from Han Dynasty.
Generally , Spring Festival refers to Chuxi and Chuyi.
On Chuxi(Chinese New Year's Eve), people stay up all night to welcome the new year.
We call it Shousui.
During the eve, people get together and enjoy a very hearty dinner.
What's more , watching Sring Festival Gala is also a tradition that almost everyone won't miss.
The next day Called Chuyi.
On this day's morning , people dress themselves and visit friends and relatives to pay a New Year call which called Bainian.
As is known to all, had it not been for the earth, we human beings perhaps would never find a suitable planet to live on.
All over the world, industrial waste water let out has seized homes and even lives of marine animals.
Seeing along the road, sedans, which are running all the way giving out waste gases almost make us out of breath.
So, finally, the earth came to the end of her patience.
Wildly do sandstorms blow that trees are uprooted.
As the ozone gradually becomes damaged, humankind's survival is threatened.
Also, extreme weather that turns up frequently brings us in popular anxiety.
We all should treat nature with respect and put enough emphasis on daily life to avoid destruction to the environment.
Today things are different, the earth has become too crowded.
We are using up our natural resources, and polluting our environment with dangerous chemicals.
The earth is not as well as it was before , but it always our home and our human have the duty to take care of it for our later generations .
Secondly, although civil servants' pay is very ordinary, but welfare is very good.
Finally, the civil servants in people's minds have higher social status, no matter where, civil servants will receive the respect of people.
We live on the same earth and all of us are members of the marvelous family.
In my opinion, I think we should try our best to support them in some situation.
First, helping others are to help ourselves.
Everyone will come across lots of difficulities in our lives.
When we met difficulties.
We also hope others to help us.
And those whom choose to be happy must happy others to find happiness for the welfare of all.
In my opinion, we should still offer what we cando to help those needed strangers.
Meanwhile, we should beware of getting cheated and use our common sense to tell whether the strangers are real needed people or just professional cheats.
Detecting anything unusual, we should defend ourselves or turn to the police.
Random acts of kindness are great if you're in the habit of showing kindness as part of your daily life.
Actually, everybody learns by different methods.
Learning styles is different between person and person.
In the morning, I recited some of the need to remember the lesson and memorized English words.
After all, morning is the best time to remember some thing.
In the spare time, I listened to some English songs to improve a sense of language.
I often read some English novel and see some English movie to learn English.
As much as possible to communicate with others in English.
All in all, Favorite and the most suitable method, in reality, is most concerned about, is the most interested in learning.
They are going to get married.
During the past two years, she has proved herself to be hardworking and reliable and devoted to her duty.
She is really a competent secretary.
She has a good command at English and German.
Her English and German speak very fluently.
Recently years, with the development of the internet, blog becomes more and more popular.
Blog is short for web log.
Compared with dairy, blog is more convenient and not easy to leak privacy.
It's one of the reasons why blog is so popular.
The second, there are many resources on the internet.
People can insert interesting picture and nice music in the blog to make it more attractive and get high hits.
And they can also read other blogers'article which holds different opinions, with whom to discuss current affairs.
The third, a quite important reason, many stars use blog to record their daily life, so fans will give attention to it and comment on it.
On the one hand, blog which provide people with social interaction and self-display platform is contributed to the communication between people, on the other hand, it also give others chance to spread bed information.
And many reports in the blog is unconfirmed.
It's one resource of rumours.
Last week a quarrel occurred in my family.
My roomates wanted to study street dancing and asked me to go togeher.
Then I told it to my parents to ask their views.
What made me depressed is both of them strongly opposed it.
I argued with them and asked why.
Finally they still forbid me to do it.
In my opinion, although they are all for us, they don't know what we really want.
A man in the Internet makes up some words and the two person are running away with frightened face.
This picture shows that online rumors make people scared .
To be honest, the Internet can benefit to us so much, but it also makes some troubles.
With the increase of Internet users, some people aim to earn money by all means.
A word can be seen by all people who are on the Internet, let alone the serious news which are expanded to all the society .
care about the things that around our life.
A a result, the malicious people make the online rumors at random.
In this occasion, we woule rather believe it.
So, they achieve the aim easily.
Therefore, it is time for us to take actions to avoid and stop the online rumors.
First, the government should enhance the legal disciplinary system.
Some of us think that it is better to see the film than to read the original work.
Each has its merits.
For example, the movie has three advantages.
As for as I am concerned, the original work more real.
One of the luckiest things in the world for me is that I have caught the last bus, which is one of the most anguished things for me too.
It was 9 o'clock then.
After an afternoon of shopping and eating , my parents and I luckily caught the last bus.
The scene was horrible.
The bus had already carried too much people, while there were still 15 people outside who were waiting to get on the bus.
I tried every effort and got on the bus from the rear door, hoping that I would not be swing out when the rear door was open.
To my despair, another group of people appeared in the next station.
Pushing and shaving, I had to stood on tiptoe to regain my balance.
And I had to maintain my pose all the way since I didn't know whose shoes they were.
Exhausted, we finally got home and all of us went to bed immediately.
But I couldn't fall asleep for several minutes.
What's more, stop worrying about the things you cannot change.
Researchers in San Diego Medical Center once organized 50 retired soldiers and 36 medical workers to be involved in the research on the effects communication has on relieving stress.
Mr.
Smith is our new spoken English teacher.
He comes from Canada.
He is a enthusiastic man with glasses and is of medium height.
We all like him because he is humorous and outgoing.
When we have difficulty in speaking English.
He will help us to solve them.
Now, many problems about education were exposed to parents and students.
Therefore, In recent years, a growing number of people have begun to challenge the reliability and feasibility of examinations.
Because of the way of examination, students must study hard to pass the exam and achieve high grade.
Some people hold the belief that we must follow this education which make a lot of students become better while others argue that the fashion of examinationsis wrong.
However, I suppose the way of examinations have its advantage and disadvantage.
And the education of china is a crame teaching.
We should admit that there is a real limits to a lot of students to do their own things.
They have to read books and take exams all the time.
Furthermore, most of the students' health become poor and poor.
They have no time to do exercise.
The examinations of china is not wrong completely.
However, some things should be correct.
School should give students more time to do their favorite things.
Theacher do teach their students how to study it not to what to study.
As we had become a college student for one and a half years.
Usually we should change our classroom in different time .
Thatis the college life which we should adapt to .
I am a college student now.
I think that having a meaningful college life is good and comfortable.
It is good because we are very free to complete other things.
Firstly, we should read books in the library and take part in some communities.
In recent years, various environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the years.
For example, cars have made a lot of poisonous gas into the air and the factories have poured waste straight into the river.
The Earth is our home and we have a duty to protect her.
Measures must be taken before a thing goes worse: the government should make laws to limit the pollution, people are supposed to save our precious resource and the awareness of low-carbon should be planted deeply in everyone's mind.
As we all know, all the new things will suffer from the arguments weather it is a right situation.
In my opinion, cloining itself is technology of science, when the science is growing up, a lot of new things which good for us appeared, such as cloining  .
Though there are lots of imperfection in it, but it can save people's lives as well.
Maybe you are against it now for it is a freak, but when you are ill and nothing can help you but the cloining, I think you will change your mind at once.
we should trust it because it has a friendly head, it will work for people.
It does not seem that the carbon dioxide is a villiain in the atmosphere.
Also, it is essential for all of animal life to absorb and convert it into their own tissue.
In result of this , not only will many cities be drowned, but much of the most productive farming areas of the world will be widespread and various structure may collapse under the pressure .
However, it is known to all that everthiing has two coins , so this gas is worthy to be thanked that it is keeping us comforably warm.
It is that the carbon dioxied in the atmosphere is rising steadily .
Two factors are to blame for .
Second, forests are cut down to make various things at the high rate .
On one hand , we had better to save our orests, and even replant them.
On the other hand , it is essential to look after some alternatives instead of harmful gases.
But the most important of all is time , work and money.
I really want to have a shoulder to cry on .
I am eager to travel there.
A mobile phone is playing a very important role in our daily life .
We can use it anytime and any where .
It greatly improve the efficiency of people's communication.
Mobile phones can make people keep in touch in spite of long distance.
Moreover , we can use it to listen to music and to chat in our spare time.
In addition, Mobile phone also is a library.
People can access the Internet whenever we use the mobile phones.
when we meet some unclear problem.
With the development of the economic, most people have a good life.
And there are all kinds of merchandise in our daily life.
Whether food, toy, home electrical appliances or shoes, they all have different and beautiful packing-up.
To be honest , more packing-up causes a very big waste.
There are many companies producing the same merchandise, and their profits will decrease.
They want to get more market share to earn more profits, so they make the product attractive by increase the beautiful packing-up.
In the meanwhile, it wastes a lot resources.
Our school is a new building and the school library hasn't finished, Instead of the school library, Our school has a reading room, students can read in it, but it is too small and doesn't have enough books covering every area to read, we can't get too much useful information from it.
Regarding this, some public-spirited advertisements put an idea forward that No business, no killing.
The laws have banned both hunting and trading endangered wild animals.
But I did not give up.
Two month latter, I studied in a classroom again.
In the fouth year of my senior high shool life, I worked harder than ever before.
Everyday, I got up at 5 am.
After a rush clean, I walked to classroom to begun my morning reading.
Because time was to early, the light of the classroom was still turned off by the manager.
In that case, I had to take a flashlight to throw light on my book.
Between the break of two class, I usually read some English words and keep them in mind.
At night, after reviewed my lessons in class, I would read my notebook in dormitory till middle night.
Sometimes I was tired out and just wanted to give up, but I knew I could not.
My dream had not come ture, I had to gone for it.
No pians, no gains.
The result as you have knew, I admitted by this school.
Most of people have a dream of becoming somebody or doing something.
Some people want to become business , others want to enter in NBA , still others want to become doctors to save people's life .
So we chould establish an ambition first , and then spare no effort to reach it .
With the development of education, distance between students and teachers keep closer.
Many college require students' evaluation of teachers.
Someone think that as a good teacher should be adepted to students, and could let teacher found what they should do better.
  Forces Act is a mutual  , teaching and be educated is also a mutual.
Trust is the key point between teacher and student.
Lost of trust, any evaluation would be useless, of crose it is bad for evaluation in college.
However , somebody opposed to this action .
they thought that when the student evaluated the teachers , they would involve they own emotions .
It would make the instructors lack of objectively .
Primarily , because no matter the teacher do well or not at this time , i believe everyone in them want to try their best to help the students , and want to be better .
When we come across an opportunity, we shouldn't hesitate.
What we should do is catching it at once.
Nowadays, more and more universities put their emphasis on the social practices of students.
But, in reality, we can discover that most of the students are short of this part.
In my opinion, in social practice, we can surely make progress in both knowledge and ability.
We can prove our eloquence and lean how to exchange informations with others.
Through organizing social practice activities, we can improve our cooperative consciousness.
Moreover, social practice can offer experience we need when we work in the future, and so on.
These are not all advantages of social practice.
We can not realize that until we do take it ourselves.
For all staffs, our company set a special smoking room.
The smokers want to smoke who can walk into the room at their rest time.
It only can maintain staff's rights, but focus on theirs healthy.
Nowadays, the population growth in cities has accelerated, the population scale has been expanding continuously.
It's going to cause us problems.
Firstly, if there aren't enough public transport means to choose, more and more people choose to drive and it will add pollution.
More than this, Chinese Universities have been expand enrollment levels to meet the rising demand.
However, every coin has two sides.
On the one hand, more and more students are enrolled to Universities.
It keeps up with the need of the job market.
And most of all it can raise the intellectual standards of our nation.
In any case, I am still confident.
Then Ms X recited a paragraph which came from the passage-Hometown, written by LuXun.
After reading them, her eyes were full of tears and she expressed her sympathy to those people.
I'm in Chongqing Uniersity now.
Since July, it seems that we have not been in touch for nearly 3 montns.
As we all know, reading can benefit a lot.
According reading, we can not only gain much knowledge, but also complete a progressive thinking process.
In my opinion, we, university students, should grasp every opportunity to read, to think and to practise.
As a college student, I believe everyone of us should have a professional advantage over others.
What's more, some literary books are essential.
They can broaden our horizons and richen our lives.
It helps us know how to live better and how to become wiser.
Last but not least, some practical books are also necessary.
Nobody wants to become a bookworm.
So, we should master some practical knowledge.
Some students said that they decide to get a part-time jobs have three reason.
Nowadays, with the development of the information technology, an increasing number of people begain to use the mobile phone.
The students' main goal was to pass along information in as little time, with as little small talk, as possible.
There are some important reasons to support my view.
On the one hand, it is convenient.
You can make a phone wherever you are.
It makes our world small.
We can contant people in far distant.
If you have some urgent thing, you can make a call immediately.
On the other hand, to send short messages is much cheaper than to make a phone call.
It can save your money.
What's more, people can relax themselves by playing mobile phone games or listening music.
Last but not least, nowadays, mobile phone can bring many new things to us.
As far as I am concerned, it is convenient for people.
After all, mobile phone bring lots of convenience and satisfied our need.
Thursday's writing class, left a deep impression for me.
My teacher give me a draw drawing of a pig.
The teacher will be in the middle of the drawing on the blackboard.
First teacher of our class is divided into the two groups competition.
Then each member according to the order of painting pig parts is predicated on the painting blind folded painting.
At the end of each team cheers each finished their own painting.
But in this lesson, we gain to unity and the power infinite happiness.
Everyone has special characters, my father is the same to others.
My father has small eyes, looking more gently, the daddy's hair are not many, he said he can have a clear impression in others' heart.
This is my father, I love him forever.
Unfortunatelly, I hadn't taken the latchkey home.
What they told me was that my mother was looking after a little child whose mother was on business.
She said to me.
Then, she went on helping me review .
  The two words were what my mother always said when I made faults.
Recently, I saw a very classic movie called Rain Man which was acted by Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise.
Rain Man is an excellent movie about two brothers.
One is a selfish yuppie named Charlie Babbit who only cares about money, and the other one is named Raymond who is autistic and know nothing about the importance of money.
Charlie realizes that his father left three million dollars to Raymond and little to him.
What a big surprise that Raymond should be his brother.
It is a completely moving and unforgettable film.
I was totally touched by the two actor's performances.
  The words that Raymond often talks to himself.
I couldn't understand it at first, but when I have seen the film again, I thought I could understand it.
One is lonely, two is a family.
What's more, Raymond is autistic who is the weak, and he needs love and care from others.
Firstly, I'll take you to see a century of pear trees.
It's very appetizing and distinctive.
I'm sure you unforgettable these foods.
And, you can bring some specialties, when you go back.
Finally, l'll take you to see plant .
This also can let you feel yokels ' lifes.
As far as l'm cconcerned, l hope can go to your place to sit.
The study of high school is extremely boring, we have to much homework need to be down , we have to hand in our homework in time, we feel intensely tired.
The study of college become more difficult.
In college, no one asks you to study, you must to learn consciously, though you have more time.
You don't have a fixed classroom and fixed classmates, you don't meet your classmates every day.
We are glad to imform you that our goods of Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 have been shipped per S.
S. Pearl  , and transshiped per S.
At first, we should try to eat less food that have fat and suger, and try to eat more vegetables and fruit.
we shuid a balanced diet.
we also need some exercise to keep our good body.
For eaxmple, we can paly basketball, vollyball or table tennis.
Then wo shuid a healthy life style.
We need to get into the habit of get up early.
And reasonable meals and sleep on time.
It will make us keep a good mental state.
Do you think of you have a healthy life.
If not.
Please follow my steps.
She give me life and selfless motherhood .
She not scolded me whatever I made any mistook , and she would taught me how to correct my mistook and changed my badly habit.
I have a young sister, she not only deflect sis for my older sis, but also very fond of me.
In my flimy , my father was perennially busy with job.
She had to take on family matters.
On my free time.
I often do housework at home with my brother.
and I think do chores help to develop my independence.
But on the weekend.
I have too much time to result.
I usually go to the park play badminton or running with my brother.
But sometimes it is raining.
The Spring Festival of the Yang more to come later than usual years.
My family prepared for our Spring Festival for many days.
We went shopping to buy some seasonal fruits and vegetables of all kinds.
We also bought red lanterns, colourful lights and Spring Festival scrolls.
At last, the house is decorated with red things.
At the eve of the Chinese New Year, my friends and I began to enjoy the tradition of setting off fireworks while my parents were making dumplings and other delicious dishes.
I think the Chinese New Year's Eve should be spent with the family, sitting around at table, talking, eating and laughing.
We did so in fact.
We talked about the whole year and made best wishes for the year which is approaching.
sofa and watching the Spring Festival TV gola.
To be different from the annual Spring Festival TV gola times, we started to shake our telephone this year.
Although we were not lucky enough to gain some Hongbao, we enjoyed ourselves when everyone in the house shook hands together.
We were very excited during this night .
And then, we we went out to shoot off firecrackers together.
We believe that firecrackers will bring good fortune in the coming year.
Although some people think that the electronic products like weixin widened the distance between people.
Although some people think that the fireworks leads to worse air quality.
I still think these technology brings us some new trends that make everyone feel happy as well.
need them to celebrate our festival.
The Spring Festival comes from China but belongs to the world.
Today is January 3rd in Chinese calendar.
I hope to go to Beijing temple fair before start new term.
First: Choose paper suitable for students from the English newspapers and magazines and the Internet .
If we cheat in the exam, our teacher will nistake us for our required knowledge.
Last final exam, my deskmate copied my English and got a high mark.our English teacher sang high praise for him, making him very pround, and didn't study hard in English.
Therefore, we should have a good attitude to exam.
And think it is a shame to cheat in the exam.
According to the latest research, we can find that mang students are under pressure.
Pressure has a good side, but also has a bad side.
First, we should know where students' pressure come from.
Pressure may comes from learning.
On the one hand, we have lots of homework .
On the other hand, we have to face the competition of students.
Pressure also comes from parents.
To keep pressure under control, we should treat the pressure correctly.
We should try our best to study, so we will have confident to face pressure.
Many people think that AIDS is a terrible.
So it is looked down upon them.
so he was born with AIDS.
He is very thin, after the death of their parents and grandmother live together.
He likes his grandmother holding him, because lie on grandma body is very comfortable.
Look at his childhood will suffer the pain of torture, I really good sad.
Although AIDS is very terrible, but we should also to ordinary people's attitude towards them.
now we study in the shool we should spend more time to study English well .
In the English class , we should learn English carefully .
  In my opinion, hardworking plays a vital part in success.
When I was in junior high school, I performed bad on Math.
My parents worried about me so much that they communicated with me about my study.
As a result , I took their advice.
Since then, I spent every minute free doing Math problems.
Due to my effort, my hard work paid off.
I made great progress in the latter exam that I ranked first in the class.
I was so excited that I told my parents the news at the first time.
For my experience, I firmly believed that success depends , to a great extent , on whether we are hardworking.
We all know, it is more important than books.
Then , students can make some money, which helps to unload their families' financial burden.
Finally, students can make a lot of friends so that we can enrich our usual life.
This article is mainly about why the U.
  Never give up  , A person who believes in them it will achieve his goal no matter how many times he fails.
As an old saying goes:  Failure is the mother of success.
The first time I entranced the Northest Normal University, I was so happy and excited.
All the things here appealed to me so much.
The college life is filled with inactive sense.
Immediately, I felt I was a bird fleeing from the cage, eventually I got rid of the dull and complicated high school life.
I can arrange time by myself.
I can fly in my own sky.
I do not need to care exams and grades.
And every coin has two faces.
Since I have left home I must be independent.
Sometimes I feel alone and helpless, I have to study how to wash cloth, how to get along well with others and so on.
On the whole the college life is delightful.
I have tried a lot of new things which I have never devised.
I took part in many organizations, though I was passed.
Well, I have said goodbye to my hard but happy high school life.
Now I begin my new college life.
No matter what will happen in the future I will smile to life all the time.
The capital of Switzerland is Berne.
Switzerland is famous for its scene and it is called the garden of the world.
The flowers are everywhere and the air is clean.
Millions of people visit Switzerland every year.
The watches of Switzerland are nice, too.
They are very expensive but popular among the rich.
Switzerland's chemistry is developed and food is delicious.
The next day I asked the last owner of the house, and he told me ten yeas ago there were a man and a woman living here happily.
But the man fell in love with another girl.
The woman was very sad and jumped off a high buiding on April 4th.
So every April 4th the woman would come back and kill all the people in the house.
Last night she searched the first floor, and there was no person.
So tonight she would search all the place.
But the owner also told me the way of escaping from this problem.
That is to hide under the bed.
The midnight came.
The strange noise appeared and Spider was flowing again.
The noise was just like something jumped.
But suddenly, it stoped flowing.
The noise eccoed again.
Then, the door opened.
I was so frightened that I closed my eyes.
And then I heared a frightening laughing.
It is because of while the woman was jumping, her head was bumping the ground first.
And twenty years later, a new was built there, and it is called Canbridge.
Nowadays, more and more needless slaughter happens.
This problem is partly caused by mechanical failures which include faulty brakes and bald tyres.
In addition, anther important cause is environmental conditions.
As we all know, the environmental conditions become more and more severe, for instance, the intermittent rain or snow, the heavy fog.
Apart from this, the blind corners and the narrow streets also account for this.
First of all, while entering the college, you need to know who are you, that is to say, you are supposed to change your roles from adolescence to young adults.
What's more, you should learn how to live without parents' accompany.
Secondly, do not consider college to be a free time.
Some college students spend too much time and money on the computer games, which is regarded as a wrong way to kill college time.
You must take your majors seriously and then learn more knowledge about your majors that may relate to your future jobs.
Thirdly, besides what your majors include, you need to expand the social circle.
In that case, you should make more friends and communicate with each other as much as you can.
To sum up, you will become mature and independent both mentally and physically during your college years.
If you think that you have studied hard, that is enough then.
  I bought it after I got the first salary as a worker.
My college life is different.
To begin with, I used to live at home after school.
my hometown and parents, I couldn't catch sight of any familiar faces and have to cultivate my independence.
Also, living in a room with limited space, I shoud try my best to build a harmonious domitory life for the sake of good study and good life.
Secondly, during high school, I had no choice but to bear excessively heavy study loads and stress.
What's more, seldom did we have activities, especially when the college enterance examination was approaching, which made me feel rather bored.
Things have changed since I entered the university.
Teachers don't distribute too much homework.
Besides, there are colorful activities such joining the student union, attending lectures, going to the library and so on, which I think are extremely beneficial to me all through my life.
Last but not least, the teaching method at college differ from that in high school.
I used to be engaged in doing things as teachers told me to passively.
At college, activity is the only road to knowledge.
I'm not forced to do the things I don't really like.
We have lively discussions , comparing notes with each other freely, not just hear teachers say all through the class.
This is really what I need.
I can voice my opinions, which in fact makes me feel I really study for myself, not for anybody else.
Apart from this , with less strict discipline at college, self-control is of great significance.
All in all, my college life is pretty different.
Whatever I see on the compus enriches my mind and broadens my horizons.
I realize that it's time to prepare myself for the future.
Nowadays, online shopping is a new shopping way.
It is very simple and easy.
But onlie shopping always has some flaws.
For example, you can't face to face the goods.
Although, onlie shopping has some flaws.
We have to think how to control this new way.
I think that we must be get more and more experiences that onlie shopping.
In this time, online shopping will be become a stronge shopping way.
Because onlie shopping can save our time and money.
Some times, I ask myself what I intend to do in the future.
I have a dream in my childhood that I want to a nurse.
In my opinion, to be a nurse is my happiness.
The nurse is a noble occupation and as far as I am concerned the white uniform is extremely beautiful.
The nurse is seen as help, assistance and selfless dedication.
Nowadays, in my view, I should do something to go to realize the dream.
To learn more knowledge to enrich myself .
There is that old saying that knowledge is power.
If I worked hard enough, my dream would come accurate.
A majority of students think that high school students should get online frequently .
Firstly , we can surf the Internet for information and learn more from it.
Secondly , it is possible for us to share our experiences and communicate with others.
However, some students hold a different idea.
They think it is bad for our eyes if we spend too much time on it.
Today many young people like smoking .
Some teenagers had begun to smoke when they are at school.
They may also feel upset about many things and they think it is very cool, but l think it is a bad behavior .
First , it is bad for our healthy , now many people because of smoking get to illness.
Second , if you do it in public places, many people will feel uncomfortable , and they might think you are a un-polite people .
As l know , today many women start smoking , oh, it is scary .
Last , as we know , there are much pollution on the earth , the largest one is by smoking and the other bad thing for the sky .
As you know, smoking is bad for our body , just like our lung and our respiratory passage.
Smoking is bad for our healthy , we shall call for giving up smoking.
One morning, my mother and I had a quarrel.
There was nothing happened but I said something made her angry.
Maybe not my words but my attitude to her made her angry and sad.
I supposed that it was my mistake, but I could't help quarreling with her.
I didn't know why I became this.
Every morning when I get up I feel uncomfortable.
Maybe it is because I get up early and I go to bed late.
In my opinion, it is common to families that the generation gap causes quarrels.
Teacher are very important to children, they must be rich in knawledge so that they can teaching us, and let us get more knawledge.
So they can better understand the weaknesses ofthe students.
What's more, a good teacher must know that what he will teach and what he can teacher.
I also think a good teacher should try to be one of us so that he can become a nice model to them and tell them how to be by acting himself.
That's all what I think about a good teacher.
There are two men who shared the rain shelter walking in the rain.
What's more, they are tightly shake hands with each other, in the meanwhile, looking with each other.
A true friendship does not appear in the sunshine, but in the rain.
I'll drink to that.
For one thing the true friendship should give each other and for another when we thought back to the day we are together, which makes us feel warm.
On the contrary, people who always play with you are stays away from you when you are in trouble.
All in all, wherever we are, we need to the true friendship, of course, sharing with each other is crucial which can establish the bridge of friendship.
Last Wednesday was our Spring Festival.
In the morning, my father , my mother and I went to my grandmother's home.
After us, my uncle, my aunt and my sister arrived.
'to each other.
Of course, I got some 'red-pocket'.
In the afternoon, we can hear the firecrackers clearly , it also means 'New Year is coming'.
After supper, we watched TV to see the New Year performances.
Well, in the end.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
For example, I often take exercises after class.
When I run on the playground, I aslo feel very tired.
But I know I must go on running and never give up, because it's good for my body.
As if I insist on taking exercises every day, I believe I will be very healthy.
The community include all kinds of activies and you can choose one which you're like.
In my opinion, choosing the after-school activities is depend on yourself.
Desiderius Erasmus (1466-1536) says nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
I am totally agree with him.
For a long time, we over explore our lands to have room for more and more people to live, which made grasslands and forests become deserts.
We fell woods, exploit coal, oil to burn, which led to global warming.
To live a comfortable life, and with the technology developing, scientists had invented air-conditioner, refrigerator, whose material caused the damage of ionosphere.
It is obvious that what we had done just for us benefit do harmful to our environment.
But we did not realize it until recently.
To protect our earth, we have to know the influence of what we had done on environment.
Nowadays, Online Shopping is becoming more and more popular.
But each coin has two sides.
Some people think it brings some convenience.
they can buy what they need on the Internet at home, and they can use the lower price, so it not only save the time and enery but also the money.
For some retailor, it save the costs that are used to rent a store in the downtown.
But some people think it has some disadvantages.
On the one hand, the qualities of goods lack of guarantee.
As far as I'm concerned, Online Shopping is a good way for us to go shopping.
And itis unwise to refuse to eat for fear of choking.
In order to make more people enjoy the convenience and pleasure of Online Shopping, we should carry out some laws to prevent some lawless conducts.
There are many cars driving on the road.
The bus whistles frequently so that you tend to get bad feeling, and also you'd like to cover your ears.
Everyone has his own future.
But the future is always up to now.
We should work hard to better have a good future.
This is a good way to improve teachers'level.
Promote the communication between teachers and students , especially to some shy students, they never have a chance to talk their teachers, so they can use this chance to communicate with their teachers.
At the same time, to learn some new things, improve them-self.
Students have right to evaluate their teachers, but this is not the only standard to assessment teachers.
Students' evaluation is not comprehensive.
Some students don't like this teacher, they will give some bad comments, maybe this will hit teacher's passion.
Dormitory, a family of minor group.
The establishment of harmonious dormitory.
We have many festival customs.
Couplets are symbolic of Spring Festival.
house with couplets.
In the evening , all relatives will have dumplings together.
When I was a child , my relatives .
teachers .
friends often asked me the same question what you dream is  .
At that time , I have all kinds of dream including to be a scientist .
a leader .
a artist and so on.
primary school and junior middle school.
In senior middle school , the only dream in everyone's heart was able to attend college including me.
Thought we didn't know the result , we all expanded much and we were willing to do so.
Now I have finished college study and become a postgraduate .
Then I face that question again.
Of course, this time I will answer carefully.
After thinking over, I decide my dream is able to find a good job, take good care of my family and this dream will go with me all my life.
In order to reach my dream , I will study professional knowledge well and even to be a specialist of my field.
Now I will work hard , do my utmost and take action immediately.
I wish my dream will come true , your'too.
I feel honoured to deliver a speech as the organizer of this competition.
Taking part in this competition is essential to English learners at different levels.
Not only can you improve your oral English and listening ability, but also it will contribute to helping you form a good habit of reading.
Besides, there are some rules that participants should pay attention to.
First, the time of the speech will be limited within five minutes.
Second, every participant should be skilled at speak English fluently.
Only by this waycanyou express yourself better and leave a good impression on the audience.
He cheered his favourite team when he watched the match.
At that time, I was went over my lessons.
Not only the voice of the football match but also his sound was too loud and influenced me.
I was so angry and I could not bear it.
I told him that he shall turn the TV down and did not be noisy.
He was very ashamed of that.
He took my advice and said sorry to me.
Nowadays, a reality talent show, The Vocie of China, has entered people's vision .
This program offers a new audition .
In this audition, judges are not able to listen the singers singing face to face .
They can just turn their chairs back to show the interest in the singers whom they want to teach and sing together.
In my point of view, what impressed me most is there is no fake.
Everything is true.
I think that's why so many audiences enjoy the show.
The different person has quite different views on dividing into groups.
If we do that, we can't study well.
In recent years, hunters of thousands of people in china take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
In my opinion, A lot of collage students because their parents force was forced to take an examination of civil servants.
This will lead to a lot of collage students lose their dreams into the civil service to society at the same time.
Many people think that take an examination of the civil servants in this life is carefree, it really is not a good one million.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switerland which belongs to central European area.
It covers a area of forty-one square metres.
On the other hand, it has a tiny population of 7,500 thousand people.
Berne is the capital city of the country.
Switerland is a so tiny a country that there are many other countries are next to it.
For example, Austria, France, Italy and Germany are its neighbouring countries.
If you can take a visit to Switerland, I'm sure that you'll be attracted by the fantastic scenery.
It's known as Worldwide Garden  .
All in all, all the possibilities of happiness are always here and always available.
In the book The Art of Creative Thinkng, author John Adair tells us the advantage of creative thinking, that is-Creative thinking can lead you into new paths of creative activity.
In addition to use analogy, be curious, have prepared mind, creative thinkers should keep their eyes open.
One of the key points is The ability to give careful, analytical and honest attention to what you see is essential.
  As a college student, I think read extensively will contribute to keep one's eye open.
One can travel the world through reading.
In my opinion, to be an inventor, one must be intelligent, hardworking, imaginative, knowledgeable, and so on.
I think the most important quality is innovative.
An inventor has to have the ability to see the connection between two ideas or elements that are already exist.
In a word, creative thinking can benefit any aspect of our life.
People don't have to waste a lot of their energy and precious time to go from one shop to another to choose the commodities they like.
However, shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages, people may be got stuck, so I'm every careful when I shopping on the internet.consumers can't see the goods or try goods may not be getting the same as what they have seen on the computer them on personally.
in our surroundings have many person got the shaft.
To put an end to such a serious problem, in my mind , it calls for the efforts from all sides.
phones to asking ringers for help, will be severely punished with no exception.
way to restore honesty by setting an example for the youth through speaking sincerely and behaving truthfully.
Smoking gives them some nice things, but at the same time, it gives people more damages.
For smokers, smoking can make them have many respiratory diseases, and if the time is long, it can kill them, there are many people die around us every year because of smoking.
Smoking is bad for themselves who smoke and others.
We can do many things, when you intend to smoke, you can try to listen to music and play basketball or do other'things what are positive for you.
My english teacher is very humorous.
She asked us to hand in homework via the internet.
I have never thought that one day we will hand in homework in this way.
I have a lot of good habits.
I always exercise.
I drink milk every day.
Also I often go to the dentist.
I use the Internet twice a week.
My parents are not happy, because I always stay up late and I never help with housework.
However, what she told me was the advantages and disadvantages in the two choices, and her final answer was you should decide all by yourself, for you are no longer a child, you should be independent now.
You are now an adult, and only by this you will have no regrets in your life.
Seen from the top of the hill, the village was magnificent.
I love it very much.
If we protected the environment, the village would maintain the status quo.
Relax, let alone the details, and just grasp the main idea.
I, m go to hanging out in library after school because even.
I go home.
Who have so mething in common and I.
We can shave experience on Monday.
Furthermore, there are many deserted plastics that are harmful to crops.
At the age of 30, I was wearing famous-brand suit, sitting at the desk with an expressionless face, and said to my subordinate, how dare you say such a stupid word without a draft first.
When I was 20, I was willing to tell everyone my age as soon as possible.
At the age of 30, I could't help to cry out, when hearing the mother's, mama, all thing that you said has come true.
When I was 20, up hearing a celebrity, I cheered, and rushed forward.
We have the unique behavior and different values.
But I intend to say all of these isn't our fault.
With the development of society, we have more and more emphasis.
Firstly, we have to consider study and obtain.
Secondly, the population of China grows up faster and faster in recent years.
Therefore, some children with 90s only think about themselves, don't care about others.
And they aren't able to do things well, they will give up if they have any difficulties.
In addition, they are the lack of confidence.
The blind pursuit of material satisfaction, and want to be famous.
Although we have many disadvantages, we also have advantages.
For example, we dare to challenge and dare to change.
The picture describes an old woman sit on the chair and stare at the mirror with sadness and distress.
It seems that she live along without relative and kids, she can only talk to herself.
It's common in our society that old people live along in their shabby house.
Certainly not, they mostly have many children and grandchildren, they may be eaten up with diseases, they are eager to stay with their children.
They popularly had a sweet family when they are young and they were adored by their children.
Our parents miss us than we think.
When we were born we have the love from our family.
And they go for work on foot, this situation just appear the past.
However, more and more people for enjoying go to work at today.
Now, people go to work havn't on foot no longer, however a large number of people have taken the bus, even taken the taxi or the driving.
So, our life have large changes and rapidly development in good, we should love our life and have better to built our society.
As we all know, friends are very importent for us.
Nowdays, more and more people forget to enjoy the life and the friendship.
I think all of us should spend some time with our friends.
When staying with our friends we can release ourselves completely, we can do whatever we want, we can laugh together and so on.
We should make friend everyone, but we must be right chose .
we should learn each other and help each other.
My dear friends, welcome to my hometown.
It is the name of HeChuan.
I'll take you to go fishing city first, as it is one of the better preserved ancient battlefields in China, as the national key cultural relics protection unit.
It is also the history of the city.
Then I'll take you to the dragon mountain.
There is a temple, strange stones, and pine forests.
To be an actor seems to be an adorable profession in consideration of its huge salaries.
The remuneration for a movie star, like Brad Pitt, is twenty million dollars, which is incredible while many average people even can't reach it for their whole lives.
From the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary, we can ascertain it easily.
The punishment just for the sake of making sb.
It makes the evil wind grow since the death penalty may destroy the evidence.
From these words, we can discover it clearly that the death penalty is a step back for a country.
There will be a fashion show on next Friday evening.
It will be fantastic.
I wonder if it would be possible for us to meet at 5:00 pm next Friday at the library.
Please write to me soon.
In recent years, because of a marvelous number of non-key university students can't get suitable jobs to satisfy a normal life and the most of high school students have enormous pressure, some parents make a point that national exams for college entrance should be banished.
Although they take some reasons that appear to be right, I have a different opinion.
On the one hand, the fist of all reasons why we should keep college entrance examination system is that exam offers an effective way for selecting personnel.
Then, it is fair and square for all students.
Besides, only in this way can you get a high score and enter famous university.
However, if we throw it away, I'm afraid that there is not another better way to replace it.
On the other hand, the test increases motivation for learning.
This phenomenon should be shown in an easy way.
Comparing with the United States students, Chinese high school students have more power to study and come out their dream.
All things are attributed to this exam.
This type of education will make them reach academic smarts' potential.
In fact, almost of students suffer from stress in all directions.
A lot of parents wish the country can cancel this system.
Neverthless the learners'pressure will exist in another way.
What's more, some people think that students that study at low-lever universities have more opportunity to get a good job without this system.
To sum up, we shouldn't banish national exams for college entrance.
It is suitable for Chinese situation before a new model appears.
The exam gives all of us an opportunity to go to college.
We can take the parent's care into consideration.
I'm sorry for disturbing you but I'm really in a mess.
Nowadays, more and more college students are faced with the opportunities and challenges.
To improve the ability to adopt to society .
Learn to strong in the face of difficulties to learn how to protect myself.
You can find the direction of their future occupation in time.
Optical theory is for a person is empty .
In the employment peak .
Entrepreneurship can promote knowledge transformation to productivity, promote the increase of social wealth.
I am graduated from FuShun University, Ienough like English, and l play with children, so l study English Education.
I also worked as a part-time English teacher in school.
That's all.
Recently, the Chinese Governments have taken a measure that smoking will be banned in the public places by noticing, which will make sense on 1st January,2011.
A survey indicates that about 350 million people smoke in China and 75% of them are male while others are female.
However,540 million people have been affted by the second-hand smoke for a long time.
As far back as the 15th Centery, when Spaniard and Portuguese opened up the new route, the world began to connect to a whole.
It was the start of the culture aggression launched by the western countries.
After the World War 2, the whole world enters to a more open era.
In the theory of Marx's philosophy, there is an opinion that we must distinguish the principal contradiction and secondary contradictions.
In the age of globalization, the principal contradiction in China must be the development of economy.
If one country's economy is prosperous enough, she can attract surrounding area, and sometimes she can assimilate the surrounding, such as the Tang dynasty.
The main reason why the western countries' popularity influence the young people in China much is their highly developed economy.
Trying to reform the culture when developing the economy is the next step.
Some old people criticize the young, saying that they don't value the traditional culture.
Nonetheless it's not the mistake of the young.
World is changing, so does people's mind.
Everything is changing and you can't impose the changing people and world to accept the thing which is unchanged.
Finally, just like Tong and Han dynasty, we absorbed other cultures a lot when assimilating them, making our culture more abundant.
World is a whole and every culture has its own virtue.
Absorbing other culture is not a thing that we can't bear.
As a 21 year old girl, I always think a lot of things about study, friends and boyfriends, it makes me feel worried and anxious, I always thought a lot for other people, but I become tired.
Now, I want to be Diogenes, because the freedom is the most important thing in my life.
I want to be a happy and delighted girl.
Now many college students will be selected to participate in the civil service exam, in Chinese every year tens of thousands of people to participate in the civil service exam.
Some college students stressed out because of the civil service examination.
In my opinion, to participate in the civil service examination is the students after graduation to choose another way of employment, while the pressure.
A lot of people who took the exam, but very few people on the final exam.
First, we must have confidence in ourselves and try to make ourselves love English.
Interesting is the best teacher, the same is an important condition to improve scores.
Of course, interesting is not only.
So secondly, we should have a lot of reading, reading can improve our English ability and its score is very high.
Then usually need to large vocabulary, vocabulary is the basis for learning English, this requires that we usually memorize remember more.
A majority of people think that students should get online frequently.
In their views there are 3 factors contributing to this attitude as follows: in the first place, they think they can access knowledge and broaden our view from the Internet.
Furthermore, in the second place, they have chance to chat and share with friends.
Above all, they will play relaxed.
Therefore, there is no doubt that  students shouldn't get online frequently.
As far as I am concerned, .
I think the Internet is certainly has its advantages.
  Wow, how beautiful a doll he is .
Come on and I would help you.
My grandparents live in Liaoyuan, a city not far from Beijing.
It has so many tourists here.
Liaoyuan is a very attritycity.
Because it is a city in Northeast China .
So it's not hot in summer.
I usually go there When I was on holiday.
And there are some employed people in the town because there istoo much labor.
In Liaoyuan , there's a lot of food I like.
There is pretty much moble phone in the town so that I can contact with my households.
Liaoyuan not only many of my family but also my favourist city.
To staffs, we will develop the foreign language course, because our company which has won a large order from exporting.
We will start the course on 11Nov.
Long long ago, a landlord' s daughter who was very charming and smart was thirsty of knowledge.
However, girls were not permitted to go to school at that time.
So, Zhu Yingtai pretended like a man.
At school, she met a classmate named Liang Shanbo who was excellent and knowledgeable.
They were like old friends just the moment they saw each other for the first time.
The two talked and discussed together a lot from then on.
Spring went and autumn came.
Three years had gone.
It was time to say goodbye to each other.
Liang also hated seeing her going home although he didn't know that she was a girl actually.
However, Zhu's father had already accepted the proposal of the young master surnamed Ma, a son of a rich family.
Liang got sick severely and then died.
Suddenely, a thunder storm came out and she jumped into the tomb.
The wind ceased and the cloud scattered.
Flowers were dancing in the wind.
I have ever stayed at home by myself.
But I don't want to be alone at home.
Because I depend too much on my parents and I can't be away from them.
On that day as soon as I came back home from school, I happily threw my schoolbag on the sofa and ate lots of snacks.
Then I enjoyed an exciting film on TV.
After a while, I was so hungry that I wanted to eat something.
I was about to cook dinner but I found I could only do some simple cooking.
So I did some simple dishes.
But the dishes were not delicious.
I started to feel lonely.
I wanted Mum and Dad to come home soon.
I think being home alone was not always perfect.
So we shouldn't depend too much on our parents.
Nowadays, more and more teenagers start to smoke.
The number of teenager smokers is increasing fast.
As a matter of fact, teenager have great interest in smoking.
When they are young, they may see their father or mother smoking, they will think why their parents need to eat these while paper stick and spit tobacco.
Opinions differ among people.
All in all, parents should give their children a happy childhood without smoking and other unhealthy things.
Children are supposed to accumulate their life experience for further development rather than see their parents smoking.
When I work there, I always be annoyed by something.
I remember a young girl who work with me always said to me, Why can't you do it better, stop making trouble.
I said, Why do you always blame me, please stop complaining.
What's more I make lots of friends who come from all over the country.
Before attending school I return home to relax some days, during these days I help my family do housework.
This is my hard and fruitful summer life.
Nowadays, we are living in a high-speed, modern and globalized society.
We are crazy about beautiful and fashionable dressing in western style, we have a lot of English songs in our play list, we take delights in the wonderful atmosphere of western festivals.
This kind of life style thus gets us into a dilemma, that is , we are chinese, but western cultures are seeping into our daily life more and more, making our traditional culture quite hard to exist by contrast.
When thinking about this matter, we can find it a great challenge.
There is no hardship seeing that globalization has become so wide-spread and well-accepted in and by many people.
As is said , ''it's a kind of life''.
So when facing this situation, we have to make a difference by influential changes.
We should give it a brief but meaningful definition.
We need to let everyone know our own things can also be interesting and fashionable, and the most important thing is , they are just from us and we are intimate.
We must make it clear that we hope people can learn about it and join it because they are interested instead of passive.
We know this tough task can not end in a short time, and it demands continuous efforts.
By reading books about great men, we would be touched by their hard work and determined to work hard.
And by reading fiction stories, we would be more innovative and creative, etc.
Last week in our English class the students in our class had a heated discussion about the advantages and the disadvantages of advertisements.
Some of the students think that ads many advantages.
Firstly, with the help of ads, advertisement can make people understand the product and guide consumers.
When it comes to the choice of occupation.
As far as I'm concerned, actually I enjoy doing something more challenging with better prospects.
I believe that a good job should promote your own personal growth, motivation and career development.
It does not measure your work is good or bad.
Addison invented the electric light bulb, although the salary is not much.
This experience gave a rise to his own personal ability, and his research is for the betterment of mankind.
Welcome to my hometown.
My hometown is anhui.
Youcan see many birds, for example, swallows and sparrows, fly up and down freely with happy songs.
You can taste all kinds of delicious food.
The classical old friend powder stems from there.
My name is X.
I am so happy to introduce myself.
I come from S.
I am a quiet girl, but I have many good friends.
I have long black hair, big face, small black eyes, big ears, small nose and big mouth.
I like reading books, watching moves and listening to music in my free time.
In my senior high school, I was no good at my math and I didn't even know the reason.
At home, I can sweep the floor, cook the meals and wash the clothes.
My parents love me very much.
With the economy boom of China , the comprehensive strength of China has rapidly improved .
Everyone likes travel.
Of course, I'm also.
My first time experiencing an air trip to another province-hangzhou when I was eight.
I ang my parents went there by plane.
The next day morning, we came to hangzhou.
When we get there, I feeled hangzhou really is a good place.
In the next three days.
We visited Phoebe sheareri community, The Lingyin Temple and The West Lake.
There is very interesting of the places, especially The West Lake.
It's wonderful of anyone to show its elegant demeanour.
Locals say that The West Lake provides the idyllic image of Hangzhou.
The west lake is China's first national key scenic area and one of China's top ten scenic spots.
We rowed the boat on the lake and looked at the sightseeings.
Longjing tea is one of the most famous drinks in hangzhou.
We aet the small steamed bun as well as drank the longjing tea.
The fat of living organisms consists of atom combinations that are chiefly made up of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
The organisms settle down into the ooze underlying shallow arms of the ocean under conditions of oxygen shortage.
Petroleum stores, however, are sometimes overlain with nonporous rock.
The petroleum seeping upward reaches that rock and overhead, the petroleum can move up through the hole.
Sometimes the pressure onthe pool is so great that the petroleum gushes high into the air.
We all know that the life of friendship is very important.
'No', I say.
In my opinion , although beautiful outside surface is important, if your pen pal or net friends were not charming , you will be cheated.
In other words, when you meet each other for the first time, the surface is very important.
Besides, true love dose not grow without communicating with each other.
What the most important thing is that true love depends on acceptance of each other's demerits as well as hunger for each other's merits.
With the development of the technology , there are plenty of ways of transportation all around the world, for instance: cars, bikes, flights and so on.
Further more, without teachers, seldom do we concentrate on the assignments.
We can communicate with others by the english.
it can expand our social scope.
Secondly, as college students, we should make friend, if we can say english very well.
we can meet more friends from different ways.
Last but not least, nowadays many companies need works to be able to speak english.
The penalty has been winning the support of people for thousands of years as soon as it was set .
If the death penalty just want to show the horror to the public to avoid the similar crime , it worked .
Once we do it , the death penalty seems to lose its stable status .
The reason why death penalty excels of punishment is that criminals would be deprived of the right of existence in this world .
There is possibility the criminal kill the death as he can not bear the wickedness of the death any more .
You would figure out the fault of the death once take this into consideration .
For instance , the relationship within one couple cannot maintain due to the vicious behavior to the wife .
Once the wife lose reason and endurance , tragedy occurs .
It is easy for us to work out that the fault of the husband bring out his own death .
It is no point of declaring the death of the wife .
On the contrary , it is vital to the police to check and investigate the roots and take the most suitable solution .
Since the close relationship between cause and consequence , cases should be considered seriously by police .
The death penalty ties down freedom of people who can be thought as a reasonable consequence by public and law .
What we need to do is to punish the criminals , so maybe there is no need declaring the death of criminals .
We can take actions on them but actions must base on the initial purpose , which can give criminals a hope of life .
Therefore, we can calculate that there are many other methods except death penalty .
We can choose the most reasonable one and give chances for their correction.
The death penalty is therefore a step back and the danger of a harmonious society .
As we all know, the problem of protecting the environment is very essential now .
However , some people today are still thinking that it's the government's business.
After being aware of this thought, it is a easy job to improve the relationship between man and nature, we can grow more trees instead of cutting them down.
Good morning.
everyone.
Today I'm glad to be here to share with you my ideas of dream.
The basic meaning of dream is a series images, events and feeling happened in your mind when you are asleep.
Another meaning of dream is a wish to have or be something especially one that seems difficult to achieve.
Dream is the compass in life.
Dream is the goal of life.
Dream can guide us to the other side of success.
The most important thing is it can give us the power to fight.
When you are nobody, dream makes you go forward.
Dream can be big or small.
Somebody gives up because he thinks it's too big, and somebody thinks it's not necessary to try hard because it's too small.
These ideas are not correct.
No matter big or small it is, just come on, hold tight your dream and have a try.
No pains, no gains.
When this topic comes to me, I have a lot of dreams, such as holding a personal concert, such as being a good Yoga teacher or tutor, not just a coach, such as speaking fluent English.
I think advertisements for benefits .
The development of advertising also said the development of economy.
Because advertising is belong to the third industry.
Advertising can promote the development of culture.
Advertising it self has also become a kind of culture.
The fairy tales The Ugly Ducking ,  The Tinder-Box ,  The Emperor's New Clothes , the novels The Improvisatore ,  The Lonely Wanderer ,  Working Tour , and the drama The NAT and water nymph  are very familiar to us.
Andersen was a singularly tormented writer, his stories are almost the tragedies, and the characters he described were vivid, so it often let people resonate to his stories and cannot help to crying.
However, he had a strong will on art career, and he resolved to learn literary creation.
 Hans Christian Andersen's Fairy Tales is very popular with children, since the advent of more than 100 years, it almost swept the world.
What's more, in fact, in his works some people have prototype in real life, such as the Klaus and clumsy emperor.
That is my favorite writer Andersen, just since I was young, I learned a lot from his books, learned how to face the difficulties, how to love others, how to get along well with others.
Though Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling, they are both popular.
It is high time that we should take some effective measures to solve the problem.
Our students should be honest and diligent.
Only in this way can we improve our study and make progress.
These have a negative effect on society.
As government, it should make laws to strike law-breakers so that we could enjoy ourselves in Micro-blog.
Westerners are very self, but Chinese doesn't self, most are repeat word for word what others say.
Similarly, the interpersonal relationship of westerners is very simple, unlike Chinese so complex, the chart you look bad, not real life.
When I was young , my home very worse .
So my father had to go up the mountain to sell some snacks for raising our family and my father often spent two day on the mountain.
when my father went woke, I was very worried about my father and hoped him back because it was not safe to the mountain, I think that this feeling I will never forget .
I am writing to agree with the views that Mr.
We all know that these things are unnatural and vary from the law of nature.
Mobile phone has been playing an increasingly important role in our life.
It has brought a lot of benefits but has created some serious problems as well.
It is obvious to us that people always bring the mobile phone.
People's view on use mobile phone in the library vary from person to person.
some hold that allow the use of mobile phone in the library.
It's necessary for us to learn the information from the mobile phone.
We can search the konwledge that we can't find in book.
As far as in my poinion, I think that restrict mobile phone in the library is necessary.
The library is a good place for us to gain knowledge.
People need a quiet environment to read books.
The picture depicts that a teacher give her student a book of literature , and say to his students  just think of it as if you're reading a long text-message.
Nowadays, With the development of science and technology, more and more people enjoy downloading all sorts of novel through the phone.
As far as I'm concerned, I seldom pay attention to what the meaning of literary works .
A large number of literary works is based on the era background and creation.
So literature can not only broaden our horizons, but also can cultivate our sentiment.
What's more, that literature can help us improve the quality of our own.
So reading the literature is a compulsory course in life.
When we were six years old age, we begin to get education at school .
We learn English , math , science , history .
But that doesn't means that we know how to study .
So they can spend less time studying and learning with experience.
The way of learning in Chinese is striking different from that in American .
Firstly, Chinese teachers usually teaching students how to do something.
For example, when Benjamin tried to place the key into the slot, Chinese people would hold his hand and guide it directly toward the slot and help to insert it .
In addition, Chinese people are fearful that if skills are not acquired early, they may never be acquired.
For example , when Chinese children as young as 5 or 6 were painting flowers , fish and animals with the skill and confidence of an adult; calligraphers 9 and 10 years old were producing works that could have been displayed in a museum.
In a word, young Chinese are almost inseparable from the tradition, but, over time, possibly evolving to a point equally original .
However , westerners give children more alternatives to explor , students are learned to accomplished the task by themselves , Benjamin's parents don't care about whether he can succeed place the key into the slot or not , they only care about he has a good time and was explode.
Beside , western people believe unless creativity has been promoted early, it may never emerge and skills can be picked up later .
In Beniamin's case , even though Benjamin could not success in searched the key into the slot , he learned how to solute the problem by himself .
As we all know, the cigarette is harmful to our health.
Smoking is a terrible habit.
Although smoking is a bad thing, many teenagers are smoking.
Actually, hearing this , these teenagers understand the harm of smoking.
Due to their curiosity, they start to study to smoke, and they feel normal.
Slowly, they have ignored their body.
In fact, these are horrible.
Because smoking would harm their health and life.
Every year, many persons'die is caused by smoking in the world.
For smoking, I feel very bad.
Not only smoking is harmful to our health, but also cigarette is expensive.
We shouldn't have the habit of smoking.
I came to China to take part in an activity called Experience China.
Now I live with my classmate's in her house.
There are lots of interest things that I want to share with you.
In China, I studied with my Chinese new friends on weekdays.
We communicated with each other when we couldn't solve some problems by ourselves.
On weekends, I visited a number of places of interest in Beijing.
I tnink live in China is really interesting, I love China and it's lifestyle.
So I am fond of livng here in future.
And different people hold different ideas about it.
Some people recommend to extend the employee retirement age , while others think quite differently, believing that Companies should encourage high level employees to retire at the age of 55.
As far as I am concerned, Delay retirement may be unworkable at present.
First of all, Delay retirement may make the employment pressure increases, more and more young people are unable to get a job.
Delay retirement is likely to increase the employment pressure in China, but lead to social instability and Influence of social efficiency, The conditions for Delay retiremen in our country now are not ripe.
For my part , the meaningful college life is to do something I like.
I make reasonable arrangements for learning and playing time.
studying always plays an major role in life.
Besides it, I take part in some clubs to open the eyes to outside world.
if i elect successfully.
i will draw a programe to the work.
in a word believe me while belive yourself.
The increasing number of people are used to smoking.
Even in middle school, smoking is becoming popular.
They may be answer smoking helps thinking.
They believe smoking will provide some inspiration.
But according to science research, the action of smoking can make us relax.
We don't need to real smoke.
And when in quiet situation, we also can think as soon as possible without cigarette.
Smoking not only can't help thinking, but also it does harm to people healthy.
Cigarette contains some harmful material, such as nicotine, tar etc.
In my view of opinion, smoking doesn't have effect on thinking.
And it will damage our body.
We can use coffee instead of smoking.
The first problem is materials less.
Too much population will make the food.
Too many people will have too many cars.
The houses problem is also secious.
It's Friday morning in the year 2025.
I see the world is very beautiful.
The world is very diffident.
There many things I have never see.
I see the plane is transparent people like sit a roller coaster.
Peoples houses can move around the houses must be a robot.
I can play the intelligent mobile phone, don't have to charge.
we can go to the fire earth make alien with best friends.
The rockets are see common.
I can live in the Earth science.
We are pleased to inform you that under our sales confirmation No.
J-29 of the goods shipped by S.
Pearl  .
And shipped by S.
Mayflower in Hong Kong.
This series in cost and freight price.
There are four seasons in a year, and the Spring and Autumn are my favorite's.
I think most of the people like me, who can't enjoy the Summer and Winter.
There is no doubt that the Summer is too hot and the Winter is freezing.
Only the Spring and Autumn's temprature are suitable.
Spring is the warm season.
The plants are luxuriant, and the ground is covered with tender grasses.
The birds sing out of the window when we take classes.
Everything is so beautiful in Spring.
The Autumn is coming after the hot summer.
Born in Y province.
l am an active.
Different people have different hobbies.
such as dancing and so on.my hobby is reading.
l think reading can enich my knowledge so l usually go to library , l want to study more knowledge by myself.
l believe that if you try your best , everything can be done well.
In the part time, unlike many other girls, l'm quite good at playing computer games which names LOL.
playing computer games can make me relax.
As we all know, love is always around us, such as parents'love friends' love.
Maybe I am unaware of them sometimes.
When I feel lonely, Iwill realize love around me, then I feel happy and cheer.
Someone told me'giving is more important than having'.
for example, I will help my friends when they are in troule, I will care for my parents if they are sad.
Especially when we sometimes give up on our study.
What's more, we would meet so many people whom came from other cities.
As a fresh student , we have enough time to join in clubs and students'organization.
The university get a stage for us to show ourselves, improve our pool ablity.
The charm of the university make us feel so lucky.
We will have a pleasant time of it in four years at university.
There are many things which make a teacher great and they can not all be defined.
Maintaining the interest among the students regarding the subject being taught is really important.
In a word, all good communicators may not be good teachers, but all good teachers are always good communicators.
On the contrary, a teacher who, when in doubt, does not hesitate to admit his or her lack of expertise on the subject matter and is open to reverse learning, for example, learning a thing from the students itself, will no doubt go down well with the students.
It is all about the love for teaching.
For example, increasing the price of ticket and charging for money when passing highways are good things.
finally.
we shoud realize that if we want ti travel .
In the figure a Teacher is giving a student a literary book.
The book has a word that is Just think of it a long text message.
In our life, we often have a different opinion from others.
As the time, we are often difficult to choose.
The first one, we can persist in our opinions and persuade other people to agree us.
One day, we have a sports meet.
I told classmates how we could win.
But many classmates againsted me.
They had a better way.
At that time, I thought that many classmates had a same way and they would have a same effort direction.
Maybe it was good to behave.
So I respected them.
So, in my opinion, when I have a different opinion, I will respect the opinion of the most of people.
And his self-mockery says, My place doesn't lie in academy.
There are thousands and thousands of wonderful programs on TV every day.
Of these, new program has always been my favorite.
Almost everyday I turn on TV at 19:00, and wait early for the new program.
The news program contains a large amount of latest information from the most serious international political affairs to the most enjoyable foot able games.
The most important feature in the program is fast rhythm.
I like this program because I think news report is more than all TV program.
In reality, it is a way of communication.
From this program, people can be well informed about the affairs both at home and abroad on time.
As a college student's , we face to many challenge with thinking method .
school test.
But college's students take a big change on values, they are advocating personality, thinking highly of personal values and having a strong competition method.
On the one hand , school test is a big challenge for us.
Now, we allowed to study at the university of culture and knowledge, we must prepare high school knowledge, we study in the university to test some certificate.
With the development of the society, it's essential activity for university students to make human communication, this is a challenge for university students to communication and seek to understand, build relationship and explore the life, at the same time we should adapt to new surroundings.
If you have a bad relationship with friends, you will have many trouble.
As for freshman, the university students from all over the world, they are having different life-style and way of act.
You can learn English.
My National Day holiday will be special.
Hello Miss Jones.
I'm L.
I was a freshman.
The first problem.
When students after class to have lunch in the canteen.
Buy lunch and find a seat will take a long time.
The second problem.
The quality of canteen's food is not very good.
Much food is cold, not very fresh.
Also the prices of the canteen's food is slightly expensive.
My mother is very severe with me.
She always wants me to do well in the study.
I always lean on my mother when I am in trouble.
Because my mother's love in mind, I seized every second to do my lessons and have made great progress in the study.
I suppose that we should love our mother unconditionally.
A phenomenon that students in college hire cleaners to do laundry and cleaning has become a hot topic.
Nest.
The first day, I am very happy to throw the bag when I came back form school want to play.
Did not eat any room to play in the middle of the night, I think in the moringma alarm clock will wake me up, but I not sleep too dead alarrr clock wake me, cause I was late for school.
The school the teacher asked me tohomework but I didn't write, at school, I was hungry and tired.
The next day, I feel very lonely, very hungry, since can do some simple food.
Nowadays, the urban traffic is becoming more and more serious.
Many of the city traffic jams are very serious.
The incidence of traffic accidents is becoming more and more serious.
I'm going to describe the performance of the traffic problem.
Second, the traffic is so heavy and the traffic is too serious.
I have some Suggestions to solve these problems.
First, people should not be private cars at work.
Second, the government should widen the roads and stagger the rush hour.
I'm appreciate it for your hlep when i live in your home.
I'm writing the letter to find my lost English dictionary.
When i came back my home, i find my English dictionary was left in your home.
The dictionary is very important to me, it's my America teacher's sending, so its value can't describe in words.
shelf in the bedroom.
As we all know, English is a important subject, and now, every school has English class, in order to improve our English level.
But, many of our students do not pay attention to the spelling of English words.
So, when we writ an English compostion or some sentences, we will can not spell the words of we need.
However, we can not spell, the reason is we do not want to go to remember the words, think remembering them is a painful thing, to sum up, because our students are lazy.
First and foremost, I Think it is the most important that spend half an hour to remember the word's spelling every day.
In addition, when we are reading English articles, we should pick out the words of we non't know, writting it in the notebook, then find out and remember its spelling.
In today's society, people gradually forget the importance of literary works to us.
The role of literature is passing on culture, show the practical work, to convey the author's ideas, views on contemporary leaders and the practical work, and reflect the social phenomenon and so on.
Literature can call us more deeply loves the life, there are so many unsatisfactory place although life itself, but we will still live happily.
The creation of literature and art activities is the artist's mental activity, literature literature belong to product of the human spirit.
In conclusion we should pay more attention to study literature.
Nowadays , the Earth is under great pressure, such as a variety of environmental problems on a large scale, and the damages resulted from the disasters which happened a few years ago.
Whether extraterrestrials exist remain to be discussed.
But provided it exists.
First of all, how extraterrestrials live and what they eat is so far different from what we have done for years.
Then, what we think is that extraterrestrials can ease the burden.
But the fact is that they may increase the pressure and put more burden on Earth.
Recently, I saw a film named battleship  .
The content is said that human beings are vulnerable.
Last but not the least, regardless of the pressing problems on Earth, we have no necessity to seek others for help.
We are full of wisdom and courage and power to accomplish the complicated task.
Extraterrestrials may have significant power, but we are different in nature at all.
No matter how complicated the problems are, we'd better work up to solve them.
On balance, without extraterrestrials, we may generate more skills and develop our creativity.
Many students always spend much of time on their study, but the grades don , t have a great improvement.
There is no doubt that these students don , t manage their time well.
Frist of all, we need to set a high value on the free time, such as weekends and holidays.
During the time we could do something which is meaningful.
We should make good use of the time to read a good book or have a test, and that is a great choice to join a training course.
Many students don , t know what should they do on weekends, so they always sleep or go shopping a whole day.
Secondly, we must focus our concentrate on the course during the class.
If you don , t listen to the teacher, it is hard to understand the point of the lesson.
we have to listen carefully in case of leaving out something important.
After class we should refresher our lessons and get a deeper understanding.
Finally, we could take advantages of the ten-minute recess to remember words because expanding the vocabulary quantity is important too.
Firstly, news reports are deeper than TV news.
That is because the newspaper can explain all kinds of problems from different views and different people also can express their points with freedom, wheras TV reports usually play famouse peope's ideas.
Secondly, reading newapapers isn't limited by time .
We can reading them no matter what time and where.
For example , when we can reading them when are waiting for a bus or subway to kill time.
While we can't carry a TV every mimute and spot , especially when we go out .
But the newspaper is so convient for us to carry and to buy , without any worry.
Thirdly, all the need to do is thingking , that's to say we use our brain when reading newapaper, which does good for proving our intelligence.
So, I feel that the newspaper is a better way to obtain informatiom.
Maybe we don't need to depend much on Tv when we want to learn something we interested in.
I was born in a small family.
When I was a little girl, my father was a worker , he can make furniture very well .
I agree he is a great man.
he has many friends , due to he grow older , he became a driver , I know drive the car is very dangerous , but he does this in order to me and my family.
is not easy .
Some years ago, I am afraid of my father , he always be strict, I know this is love .
My mother was so kind, she works outside and does housework, she was busy .
Time makes her older .
because she is gentler than my father , I usually chat with her .
They give me all their love .
I think reading has an important effect on the growth of a person.
First, books are to be in the encounter difficulties give us the answer.
It isn't a friend not a teacher.
Second, reading can broaden our horizons, make us can explore the potential.
Third, to help us study.
We should attach importance to reading books.
Reading, is a sort of enjoyment, is a process of learning.
Some of them think that high school students get online frequently is good for them.
Broaden their minds and know more about the world.
And when they chat online , they communicate and share what they see and thought with each other .
However some people hold a different opinion about that.
They think students shouldn't get online frequently.
In their point of view, watching the computer and mobile phone screen is one of the most important reasons that hurt our eyes.
In my opinion, students should surf on the Internet after study to relax.
Today, an old picture reminded me of the happy time I have.
For me, my campus life play a significant role in my life.
which make a fool of myself.
Because I was not good at playing football.
One day, I was playing football with my team member, Suddenly, my shoes was flied away, which make me blush with shame but let my team member laugh.
As far as I was concerned, my campus life was sufficient and colorful.
fortunate.
At present, a critical issue has brought into focus on how to improve educational quality continuously.
Many argue that in order to achieve this goal, students should be encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teachers.
Others, however, reckon that respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
From my viewpoint, two benefits will be brought about.
On one hand, to the students, they will learn to how to criticize a person equitably from their comments on teachers who taught them, for an unfounded assertion won't be accepted.
On the other hand, to the teachers, more concern will be given to their students.
On balance, we should pay close attention to the educational quality.
The comments made by students may be an effective method.
Hello, My name is Joan.
My Chinese name is X.
I am from Y, a small city but with beautiful sense.
My father, my mother, my brother and me.
I am a active and easy-going girl.
I have a few hobbies.
One of my favourite hobbies is reading.
I always read fiction, like Kite Running  .
I like the setting of religion.
I also like philosophy.
Zhou is one of my favourite writers.
In my free time, listening to music is common for me.
I like soft music and the songs from James Blunt.
I also like take photos and travel.
I travelled to D with my best friend Ice four months ago.
I have taken many beautiful photos.
I always dream of going to the Tibeten with my camera one day.
To be a doctor is my dream job.
I want to try my best to help people and reduce their painful.
Unfortunaly, I failed my dream.
I felt depress in the beginning.
Grually, I am enjoying what I major in.
I hope I can go abroad and communicate with foreigners.
In my college life, I have to achieve my aim and do well in my study.
I also hope I can get along well with others and find the disadvantages I have.
I think I will get more experience from my college life.
No matter how hard I will face in the future, I never give up.
When it comes to the way of our life, public's opinions vary from person to person.
Second, city had better education, the school had better equipment and teacher.
More job opening is good for city too, which lead more person to city.
Nevertheless, we can make rational use of resources.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, as we all know , English is spoken from all over the world.
countries.
Secondly, learning English can widen our visions and we can also learn a lot from it.
At last, I'd like to say through English learning, we can know different cultures of English-speaking countries .
Recently, the employment issue has caused the attention of the society in such an era of information.
At the same time, there is a hot topic.
Key players are also essential to our company.
They have rich working experience.
But they are very real, often job-hopping because of unsatisfied with their current salary.
However, as for the graduated students, they are out in the early society will have a hard, can bring a fresh blood to the company.
If I am a recruiting manager, I would prefer to give just graduated college students more opportunities.
Opinions are divided on this issue.
Some students thought that it shouldn't be canceled.
Language has four basic skills including listening, so listening shouldn't be ignored.
Listening is a very important way to gain information.
However, each coin has two sides.
Some students were in favour of canceling the test.
They said:  The listening effects are different in different places.
It's not fair.
Teachers and the voice equipment are also very different between cities and countries.
What's more, not every person will talk with foreigner in the future.
I think it shouldn't be canceled.
Because we think anyone has no power to take other's life away.
As far as I'm concerned, college students should have more time of their own to dominate.
For one hand, they didn't be limited to finish their homework like senior middle school.
For another hand, they can make the best of time to improve themselves.
For example, they can attend in many interesting clubs to exercise their ability and responsibility.
Because it is a valuable practice of social skills.
Additionally, they can learn what they interested in many fields.
Besides, they can make friends with other.
These experiences can help them to become more independent and responsible.
What's more, students can do some part-time jobs in their free time.
In my opinion, exercise through part-time jobs so that they are able to adjust to the social life earlier.
With the increase of pressure, spending free time in doing exercise is a good way for people to relax.
They have more time for outdoor sports and exercise.
In all, college students should have more time of their own.
Network real-name system has become the hot topics in the recent year.
Some people approve it.
They think it's great to protect themselves from being tricked.
However, others think it's not always good for real-name system.
You will easier lose your personal information.
In my opinion, the real-name system in netwok is a important manner to assure security in virtual word.
But is's also the same important as preventing the personal information form losing.
There are some problems of the environment.
One of them is that the number of the population is increading.
And now people is endlessly overdeveloping Earth's resources through agriculture, fishing, hunting and tourism, and that is a serious problem, too.
Of course, the water resource is also a problem which we need to care about.
Cutting trees too more will make the earth hotter, so it is a problem.
If we want to remove these problems, we should do these things.
First, we should hold back that people cut trees too more.
Nowadays, more and more high-tech inventions in our life.
We can do many things on it.
It means shopping on the line.
For example, there are many cheaters on the line and many people are cheated with losing all their money.
In a word, everything has two sides.
There is a widespread concern over the topic about the formal examination, it completely has been exposed to the white-hot.
As far as I am concerned, we need to remember that every coin has two sides.
To begin with, there is a real limit to apply it, furthermore, it is unreality to make a radical change which should be shutter too, cause it's the evolutionary process of our society and the education system.
Most importantly, we firmly should to take out our energy to think up some super idea to make it better.
Facing differences between China and the West, we should treat it objectively and respect for these differences.
In 1982, approximately 15 percent of women have children without a marriage, after which the proportion had an apparent growth of 8.6 percent in 1992.
Each person's habits are different, which will produces contradiction between students.
From this picture , we can know a teacher said some students no offense, but by the time we are in the job market , won not that stuff be outdated.
In my opinion, as a student, we should study hard and master many skills, not only do we master all kinds of skills, but also we can have more advantages.
One evening, I went jogging as usual and listening to rock music on my mp4 player.
Then, I met a beautiful lady walking her puppy.
All of a sudden, the cute puppy stopped to poo on the sidewalk.
Seeing that, Ruby's face appeared the indication of annoyance.
I didn't do it on purpose, but I think it is not my duty, because the dog is not mine.
  On hearing that, I felt a bit embarrassed and apologized to her for my rudeness.
She just smiled and said, That's OK.
In last letter, you have asked me to write about my best friend.
Her name is Irene.
We meet each other in high school.
Irene is not very tall and a little chubby.
She looks very adorable.
She has long, black and curly hair.
She is talkative.
We always have a lot of topics to talk about.
She is good at study and always help me to solve problems.
She loves reading books.
She knows lots of different kinds of knowledge.
I'm glad that I met her and we became good friend with her.
We love to share secrets with each other.
We have many comments on our interests, the way we behave and other things.
If we don't take advantage of the abundant college resources to arm ourselves, after four years of time-waste, we will find ourselves standing on a deserted island of society, which means 'the time you graduate, the time you lost job.
In China, the Spring Festival is the most important festivai.
During the Spring Festival, the people who work outside will go home and have reunion dinner with their family.
For me, the Spring Festival is really important .
Because in Spring Festival, I can eat many delicious food, such as, dumplings skewers and fish.
I often get fat after the Spring Festival because i have eaten too much.
In Spring Festival, my parents as well as me need to visit many relatives.
The Spring Festival contains Chinese history and traditionals.
As we all know, internet is convenient for us in our daily life.
When we have something in trouble, we can surf the Internet.
And it can help us quickly.
If we have long time no see old friends, the internet can let us see each other.
We often can buy a lot of things in internet.
In my opinion, internet can make people apart, and face computer for a long time can damage our eyes.
Many people will be addicted to online games.
So the internet is not only help us a lot, but also can affect us a lot.
So we must make good use of the internet.
My mother calls him driver, his friends call him boss, he calls himself peasant, I call him father.
He is my father who is a tall and fat, he loves us.
He spends a lot of time with us, he says he would rather spend more time with us than earn more money.
Sometime he put me as a kid.
In 2010, Chengdu were only a little bit of snow, when we went to Longquan mountain there were many people and snow had been stepped into ice.
  And went to the mountain.
Consequently , we can get good physical condition .
finally , keep a good habit of diet .
which is a key factor to keep healthy .
l like play sprouts.
, First, you should eat move vegetabie and fruit.
Do you remember the old saying in your country Anapple a day keeps the doctor away.
there is lots of visamin C in both vegetables and fruit o second dong more exercise is necessory to keep healthy.
T Third, dont eat junk food most junk food tastes good.
The desirable Gold Week vacation has elapsed, while what we have experienced during those days may not be as excellent as what we have expected.
As we know, the Gold Week vacation is mainly to celebrity our National Day, which is as long as seven days.
Personally, it is a good chance to gather or to travel with our families , while many people disappointedly found that it was so crowded when they were doing something they had planed.
They got struck in traffic when they drove.
Their feet could even touch others when they travelled with their families at some scenic spots.
In my view, the meaningful vacation should not be terminated, neither be cut down.
It is a common sense, as everyone knows, that problems follow the appearance of good policies such as the establishing of legal festivals.
Besides it is memorable meaning, Gold Week is a special opportunity, as we know, for the public, especially those who live apart from their families, to go home to see their children and their older parents, which can make our society more harmonious.
Some young frequently chang their jobs is due to their attitude.
Because of they have all kind of justification.
On the one hand, they think their salary is low.
On the other hand, they think their work hours is better long.
Of course, there have many account.
For those friends, I give my point of view.
When you fell is unappreciated or ignored , you need to do something meaningful things, .
For example, seek opportunities, request more responsibility or new challenge.
If you fell is a bad relationship and colleagues, the choice of the less contact, things look weak, do their work.
If you feel ability is not enough, you will work hard to others for advice, to improve their ability.
If you don't think salary job please be patient, steadfast dry well, ability have been improved, wages will rise .
If you don't like current job please remember a word is It is no use doing what you like; you have got to like what you do  .
mother told me, ''It was untill I finish my homework that I can go out.
Recently, the excessive use of packages has become quite a serious problem.
Reasons for this are varied.
Firstly, because of the economic development, the products is become multiply, so items with a special appearance can attract a lot of interest and sell well, what's more, it makes a big profit for the company.
For another, it depends on customer's psychology.
However, every coin have two sides, so does it.
As far as I was concerned, I figured that manufacturers and consumers are supposed to shoulder the responsibility for this problem.
I am Wangtao who is a senior student.
I think that the phone has its advantages.
For example , it's convenient for us to connect with our parents .
But everything has the two parts.
So we should recognize that what are bad.
The wrong behaviours will period between the teenagers.
Taste the time and money to chat or send the message.
I support Three beliefs .
The first one is that we don't use the phone during the studying.
Next , don't use it to play games.
Of course , don't cheat too .
In a word , please display its best effects with your best.
My favourite teacher is my English teacher , an enthusiastic woman called Mrs Yu.
She is about forty years old, I suppose.
She is my first teacher at senior high school.
I was a shy girl and I didn't like answering the question at class.
One day Mrs Yu asked a question and let someone to answer it.
I lowered my head and thought about the answer on my own.
To my surprise, Mrs Yu let me stand up and answered the question.
I stood up slowly and got too nervous to say a word.
But Mrs Yu just smiled and her kind smile made me relaxed and encourage.
I breathed deeply and gave the answer to Mrs Yu.
Nowadays, with the rapid development, people are becoming more and more wealthy.
However, the standard of health is declining quickly.
Especially the college students.
The World Health Organization indicate that it is a state of complete physical, mental, and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.
There are many elements affecting health, but the lifestyle is the most important aspect.
A study found that more than 60 percent of students in university do not eat breakfast, only 20 percent of students go to bed before 11 o'clock.
It is merely one person in three can do some exercise more than one hour.
That lack of physical activity also affects the psychological well-being of an individual.
In my opinion, the college students are our country's future.
We should keep the health of physical and mental, and keep the optimistic attitude.
Myroomate is a fan of football.
Last Sunday, my roomate watched a football match on the Internet.
He watched the game, while applauded his favourite team.
I was going over my homework at that moment.
But his voice and the match's voice sounded very great, so they affected me.
I'm very angry, but I let him to turn down the voice.
Finally, he took my advice and said sorry to me.
The first reason should be that we will get more energy to start the day's work.
We know that getting up earlier, we will breathe much more fresh air, therefore we will be absorbed in our day's work.
The second reason is that if we get up earlier and start our day's work earlier, we will finish it earlier.
Then we can have some entertainments during the extra daytime, such as doing exercises with friends, watching TV with parents, and so on.
The final reason is that we can make the day's plan to work more efficiently.
We get up earlier, then we can have more time to think about what we should do and how to do in the day.
Firstly.
There are two different operational model used by American VCs.
The first one is to open its business with a dedicated fund with partners responsible for the European operations.
I have heard from you.
In the past thirty years, our country has changed a lot.
Our living conditions become better and better.
The house is not old and low any more.
are bulit.
A lot of people live in the apartment which is full of equipment.
We have a telephone in the house.
We also buy colourful television, washing machine and fridge.
The road get wide , connecting the country to the city.
We have new tractors, trucks and cars.
The education level is very high.
Our country is changing.
I miss you very much.
The foreigners can give a card or a doll to their friends and say Merry Christmas.
Though we should clean the canteen.
room.
Thank you for your e-mail.
I am expert at classical music.
When I listen to the classical music at the first time, I like it soon.
I think that pop music sounds noise.
So I dislike it.
A number of people think that study is more important than hobby.
If we learn all the time, we will get boring with study.
So I oftn do my favourte things when I feel tired.
Our New Year Party is very amusing.
There are a lot of activities and I sing a classical song in the New Year Party.
Miss Susan Hobson, a very good secretary, who has been working in my office for two years.
By the way, she is hard working, does well to her duties and is honest to treat others when she was working at our company.
In addition, She is good at English and German, and her spoken language is very fluent.
For example, In winter, we can see snow, .
Before winter comes, we should go to buy some cl-others to stop cold, and we should buy some medicine to drink when we have a fever, .
Some people hold the view that it convenient to buy whatever then like at home and select the cheapest and the best merchandise by the Internet.
As far as I am concerned, effective measures should be instantly taken to improve the standard of the Internet.
In such a case I will sustain on whatever I think is right and I will try to persuade them.
When copernicus found and worked out the heliocentric theory, many people couldn't believe, especially the church.
In these people's doubts, copernicus didn't give up and work out the study.
Finally, he successed and became more famous scissors.
So I can't give up.
To conclude, when we have a different opinion, believe yourself and expound your opinion.
In ten years l'm 26 years by then, I will be having a big family with two cute childrens.
A boy and a girl, boy named Jim and girl names Amy.
This time in ten years, l will be working in translation.
I will be living a big city with my family and will be living a happy life.
I will also are teaching at school.
A greater leader remarked that well begun is half done.
From my point of view, the relationship between teachers and students just like friends.
First of all, if the communication of teacher and students just like friend's.
To sum up, if teacher and students can make friends with each other, they will find the joy of it.
Online shopping is becoming more and more popular in today's world, has swept the world.
online.
Such as, how cheap, how the quality of the class .
We can percieve the advantages of getting a good education from three angles.
First, getting a good education may enriches your knowledge and widens your eyes.
What else, it may upgrades your skills.
And it may increase your job opportunities.
On the one hand, the point of view for some human beings gift is the most crucial key to get the successful of the academic.
In their view, one person has high talent in academic, it means that he has wonderful comprehension and perfect memory.
On the other hand, some person insiste that hard-working is also vital that should be taken into account.
As celebrities said, genius require one percent talent, but more important is ninety-nine hard.
If you want to get good grades in study, spending more time people and do more exercises than other people is not avoided.
It is wrong to start at once when you get an order.
The most essential thing is to prepare what you should do first.
Preparation is to plan and to prepare the material conditions.
It can be easily proved that only when you have the ability can you deal with the problem well.
For the opposite, it will be very difficult when you do at once without sufficient capacity.
To cut down a tree, using a blunt axe, you may spend several times the time and energy more than using a sharp one.
There is a famous example that Napoleon attacked Russia in winter and failed.
It is not the cold weather but lack of preparation that leads to his failure.
Above all, it is of great importance to prepare before going.
I don't need to go out to buy anything.
My favourite place in the school is the playground.
The playground is very large.
Every day we can exercise our bodies in the playground.
And we can also open a sports meeting on the playground.
Before the sports meet, we can practice projects in the playground.
Exercise programs can help us improve our physical education.
In winter, we can run on the playground in the morning.
Sometimes, when we were running in the morning.
I live in beautiful country, China.
I can proud of being an chinese.
I hope you can feel China's grandness.
I believe that you will fall in love my mother country.
If you went China I will take you to appreciate China's beautiful scenery.
I can take him to see the great wall.
Because the great wall is the crystallization of the wisdom of the people in ancient China.
I believe you will love our wall, than i will take you to visit summer palace.
Let them regret.
I hope when they back home caneducate their country brother.
Make them can apologize for Chinese .
At the same time.
In my opinion, there are many benifits to online shopping.online shopping let people's live more convenient, and can help many people who like stay in the house all day.
On the other hand, pay attention to safety, to prevent lawless elements back to deceive some of the online product description and is not necesarily the same in reality.
On the contrary, others would like to provide more materials for students to let them know that some of the languages can't match with our own culture and we should master our own Chinese first .
The development of science and technology majes our life more comfortable and convenient.
Modern science and technology render people many advantages.
Modern teleommuciation shortens the distance between people and makes communciation much earier.
Modern transportation, such as airplanes and highspeed trains make our journey smooth and fast.
On the one hand , some students think writing is only a small matter .
A person who is creative means he or she is good at producing or using oringinal and unusual ideas.
People who are creative can solve problems easily.
For the person who is good at creating, famous inventors come into our mind first.
For example, James Watt, who invented the steam engine in 18th century.
This invention inaugurated the age of steam which promoted the progress of the first industrial revolution.
But being creative not always means inventing influential things to change the world.
To be creative is simple.
everyone can be creative if you racks your brains.
When you cooking, cola is not designed for cooking chicken.
But creative people try to use cola to add to the chicken.
So a delicious cuisine is coined.
Another field you can be creative is decorating.
When meeting this problem, everyone has their styles.
Everyone is creative so that there are no two rooms are quite similar.
I'm also creative in making fish tank.
I chose different kinds of fish and some grasses.
I also design a small mountain and some stones.
Creative doesn't means do something change the world.
In recently years, there is a tendency that a host of people are chasing after the materialism, which has aroused a heated debate among nationwide whether being too materialiastic can really bring us a lot bebefits and find a right way to happiness.
  However, people are busy all the time in chasing after variety of material thins-money, houses, cars, spouses and so on.
They are even just like crazy fans of materislism.
It seems that they cannot live happily without such things.
They actually have possessed what they want, but they are still not satified enough.
And they just do not stop chasing and eventually they lose the most precious things-themselves.
  The world is a beautiful place, and our life still can be very meaningful and wonderful even without being too much materialistic.
You may want to ask why my deskmate is lovely.
First, my deskmate has a medium height with big eyes and short black hair.
He's so thin that I can even see his bones, but I think he's handsome.
Second, he has positive personalities.
He is smart and talkative, so he always help me with my maths.
Although sometimes he's naughty, he's warm-hearted.
At last, I want to say something about his hobbies.
He is crazy about cartoons and his favourite cartoon is One Piece.
He enjoys playing basketball as well, and I think he is quite cool when he is in the basketball field.
From the chart , we may find that there are tremendous changes in family expenses in shanghai from the year of 1980 to 2000 .
The proportion of food and clothing in family expenses dropped year by year.
The what contribute to those great changes.
Firstly, with the development of economy.
The problem of food and clothing isn't a threat to our citizens.
Secondly, most people tend to pursue a colorful life, and therefore they spend more money on recreation, Finally, people are now paying more attention to their children's education and their own health.
Those changes have great influence on both individuals and the whole society.
On the one hand, people aren't worry about their living, which lends itself to a stable society.
Nowadays, every hole and corner of the world has been swept out to the wave of globalization.
It is widely acknowledged that the world consists of different kinds of living creatures, such as human beings, other animals, various plants, and even microorganism.
No one can deny that the diversity of creatures on the earth is the necessary condition of the normal and ordered operation of our planet.
When we are faced with the reality of the multi-cultural collision on a crash basis, what we should do is not escaping or complaining.
Only the losers do that.
And in my mind, only by cultural integration and mutual complementarity can us and our traditional culture be more lively and vigorous.
Firstly, latest technologies and media forms ought to be flexibly applied to the traditional cultural artifacts.
For instance, maybe we can combine some conventional dramas, like Peking Opera and Kunqu Opera with some modern music forms, just like hip-hop or jazz, then, we can throw the content into various modern forms of SNS medias or even the apps in smart phones .
Secondly, more attention should be rapidly paid to the researches of culture hybrid between Chinese traditional culture and another excellent cultures of various ethnic groups, especially the western culture.
Never can we thoroughly appreciate our own culture without having a good knowledge of other fruits of human civilizations.
Although someone may immediately criticize that it will destroy the pure characters of the traditional culture, we should gradually accept that it is the trend of the era .
Last but not least, the idea that Chinese culture is absolutely not like a pool of stagnant water should be delivered and spread to many people's thoughts in that many Chinese people still stubbornly insist on that the traditional culture must not be changed a little.
Instead, it's us, ourselves, to blame.
But some ones hold different points.
They thought it was bad for eyes after using too long.
In addition, people felt the adults were short of self control.
Therefore, we may spend too much time on comunication and games.
We are pleased to tell you that the goods under sales confirmation No.
J-29 have been delivered on board S/S Zhenzhu  .
And it will transshipment at Hong Kong  Wuyuehua  .
Nowadays, some students cheat in exams for good marks is extremely common on campus.
Therefore, how to get rid of cheating on campus is an important mission.
There I have some suggestions about it.
First, we should Propaganda the importance of the honesty, and then stress the school rules about the exam.
Second, in order to eliminate cheating in exam, we ought to work hard everyday and obtain the knowledge fully before the exam, at the same time lie a good foundation in daily, rather than stay up late at night before the exam.
In common, everyone is dying to succeed.
However, it is easier said than done.
There is a humorous saying, 'Quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world, I've done it hundreds of times'.
I don't think it's easy to withdraw smoking without a vigorous will.
Most of the people are aware of the fact that smoking is harmful, but only a few of them may succeed in quitting it.
I take in a lesson from this sentence, we must have a tough will if we want to succeed.
In the universe, all the celebrities make every effort to fight and accomplish their task.
Each of them has a wholesome will.
As far as I'm concerned, many of us can't achieve success are lack of this quality, especially in our generation gap.
Therefore, you must put yourself in the mill to support you to build a strong will.
I am in college now.
My university is located in the hometown of Zhou Enlai - Huai'an, It is a new university, all of school buildings are new, around the school is other universities, these schools came together to form A Higher Education Campus, School teachers should be arrived here from Nanjing to teach us, it isnot convenient for teachers.
Soon after Heathcliff's marriage, Catherine gives birth to Edgar's daughter, Cathy, and dies.
He desired to gain control of Wuthering Heights and Thrushcross Grange and to destroy everything Edgar Linton holded dear.
By this time he had control of the Heights and with Edgar's death, he had control of the Grange.
the Lintons look down upon the lower class like Heathcliff .
These are my thoughts after reading Wuthering Heights.
In My opinions, Ithink advantage can make customers understand the produces , because the advantage have attract and vivid pictures to give the customers an enjoy eye's dinner .
Form the picture we can know that a teenage belive one onile rumor, he tell it to his parents , it make his parents extremely scared .
As the spreading of the internet , more and more people will believe it.
Sometimes it can make people very nevous and scared .
For the past years, different kinds of pollution has become more critical.
Statistic shows that what in 90 percent cities in our country is hard up because of water pollution.
causes many troubles.
In restropect, we could draw the conclusion that the long-term neglection leads us to the bad circumstance.
In one way after the Reform and opening, people have devoted into speeding up the economical development.
People used to exploit natural resource without limit, and in order to save money, people discharge rubbish into nature directly.
Now, as people pays more attention to the environment protection, the state has improved a lot.
As a person, we can also make a contribution to protecting our homeland.
What's more, the country should improve the technology to reduce the comsume of resource.
Companies should comply law and system, reduce dischargeing rubbish.
I'm a student from this school, my intend to write this letter is to introduce my pupil, which names Peter.
Peter is an enthusiastic and progressive young man.
In school, he is not only chosen by the monitor, but also good at solving different problems in study.
in a word, Peter is a diligent student, and also he would be a good choice.
They say that first impressions are very important.
My first impression of the geography teacher was that she was kind and humorous.
She is tall and with brown curly short hair.
She often smiles that I think she is very kind and the behavior of the other students shows that they like her too.
The class is really interesting.
She always tell jokes when she thinks that we're tired in order to make us can concentrate to study.
So I don't think I'll be bored in her class.
And her method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.
English is not only the most useful language in the world, but it is also one of the easiest language to learn and to use.
I am more than enjoy learning English online.
One reason is that I like to skim the English webpage, I think that it saves me time.
Secondly, not only can I choose when and where to learn for English, but I can also take time to think through answers before making a replay.
If it extended the lifespan of textbooks for a year, it will save a lot of trees.
My national day is really boring.
These days I spend no hours studying English, therefore, I find it difficult to pass some examination, due to lack of vocabulary.
Appart from this, I also use my computer to download some useful movies to kill time, opposite it, no words I remember.
Currently, I keep my fingers crrossed now about failing in this subject.
so, please, MS.
On balance, I will syudy well, plesse give me an opportunity again .
your sincerly student Mr.
The nedless slaughter on streets and highways can be attribute to three general causes.
First of all, some traffic accident result from mechanical failure.
For example , when the car is on street , in all of a sudden, the brakes is in a faulty condition.
This situation is at risk to cause accident .
In addition, bad environmental condition , such as blind corner, heavy fog , is the one of the most important factor of causing traffic accident.
Last but not least, lethality of the largest is several errors of human judgement, including excessive speed , drunken driving, momently lapses.
With the development of the level of our life, there are various food we can enjoy.
Nonetheless , recently, domestic food safety problem is ongoing concerns about.
As far as I am concerned, food is the most part of life, without food , without lives.
As we know, we get energy from food.
Food keep us health, make us work better , live longer.
In total, we cannot live without food.
If our food cooked by illegal cooking oil, or our milk was tainted serious, or even our vegetable have plenty of chemical additives.
Today's the pesticide pollution is spread over the country.
It's high time that we should do something we can to improve our food safety awareness.
First of us, the government should be strict with food checking before the food transport to the supermarket.
Then, we should buy legal cooking oil, because eating illegal cooking oil may cause cancer.
There is a saying : an apple a day , keep doter away.
Some people watch tv just for fun.
They face to so much presure.
To solve the problem, Blind-date Show is a good and quick way.
Some program maybe promote marriage, but I fare some bad atmospherethe can bring the negative influence to teenagers.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our question was about weekends.
Here are the results.
Forty percent study English at home.
So I think it is good.
Twenty-five percent watch TV or listen to music and twenty percent use the Internet or playing computer games.
Nonetheless only ten percent help parents with housework and five percent do sports.
I think we should help our parents more and watch less television.
That is good for health.
Let's do it now.
However, others think that it is harmful to people.
There are some problems existing in online shopping.
I like online shopping.
If we want to be successful in a short time, we always buy some books or listen to some lectures to get some remarks.
First of all, if all of us get opinions from famous people, we all have the same remarks.
It is difficult for us to be different from others.
When we are in trouble, we hope that these famous people can give us advice and we don't have to worry about it.
In this way, we won't try to deal with the problems by ourselves.
It is hard for us to improve.
Secondly, how do you know that their remarks fit you situation.
Their remarks may solve the problems many years ago.
As we all know, the situation always changes.
And if you just follow their remarks and do not changde it.
It will make a fool of yourself.
The judge may think you can not solve a problem by yourself.
It seems that you are a dependent person.
In this way, they do not think you can do well at work.
Thirdly, if we always read others successful experience, we will feel upset.
It is not good for us to encourage ourselves.
We may think others' opinions are better.
You will gain more if you follow their opinions.
If we find that we have different opinions, we may think our own ideas are foolish.
In this way, we do not believe ourselves.
In a word, famous people'opinions do not always work well.
Today is Spring Festival that is one of the most important festivals for all Chinese.
In the morning, my brother and I were waked up early by my mother.
After breakfast, we started to clean up our house and decorate it.
I sweeped the floor as well as tidied up myself room.
My brother posted new year's scrolls and paper cuts for window decoration.
They are very beautiful.
We help my mother to get ready for nice dinner after finished ourselves works.
My father came back home in the evening.
We enjoy our dinner and watched The Spring Festival Evening.
It goes without saying that today is a great day.
Of all the knowledge we have, some come from the books we read, some come from personal experience in our lives.
A group of read books, but also life experience.
Studies serve for delight, for ornament, and for ability.
To be a scholar is to be the top of society.
Knowledge from books forms a very important part of our knowledge structure.
In colleges, we gain knowledge in the textbooks which is fundamental to our future career.
We will be illiterate and ignorant without learning knowledge books.
Therefore books are a very important source of knowledge.
I believe many people have realized the significance of reading, but how we read is still a big question.
We need choices before reading, as every article is corresponding to every way to read.
And this leads to the choice.
As far as I am concerned, knowledge from books is more important.
If my foreign friend comes to my hometown, I will take her to the Mount Huangshan.
To strat with, Mount Huangshan is a symbol of Anhui Province, which has a long history.
There are beautiful views from foot to top, attarcting a great many tourists to take photos with them, the most famous is The Pine Greeting Guests.
Moreover, while you are climbing the mountain, you can enjoy the sea of clouds, wondrous pines and unique rocks around you.
In the early morning when the sun rises, the sky looks very beautiful.
Every day, I get up very late.
In the morning, I usually watch TV.
Then I have breakfast.
Bread, milk and jiaozi for breakfast.
Because jiaozi is my favourite food.
Sometimes I eat noodles, too.
After breakfast, I do my homework.
Then I fly kites on the park.
After dinner, I often help my mother clean the bedroom.
I like my holiday.
In fact I'd like to invite you join our outdoor activitity organized by Students'Union.
We will get together at school gate at 7:30.
By this way we can get close to nature and take more exercise as well.
Let's come to the piont.
We will start at 8:00 and end at 11:00.
I saw the film is called UNBROKEN last Friday.
The film about the hero of the story the first children of ltaly.
He was an energy boy when he was child.
But he joined the school track and field team to allow him to stay away from the street violent.
And then he took part in the1936 Tokyo Olympics and he won the eighth.
He joined World War2.
The teacher gets angry when we make mistakes.
When we get sick, the teacher will worry.
The first time I cognize Uwe Scholz is in my university library, I look over something about dance, and his achievements are shocked me.
Uwe Scholz, master of classical and modern dance, is hailed by many reviewers as Germany's best choregrapher.
He was a famous and industrious performer, hottest choreographer and ballet director.
His success to from the age of 18, he said he came to choreography like a virgin to motherhood, purely and chance.
It just like found the new continent, the happiness rising from the heart.
He constantly innovation made him become the Bavarian Theater winner.
However, he wants to try to do something different, so he built up his company and to prevent it from falling victim to the rigorous austerity measures of Leipzing.
Made him know around the world was his representative works-- Sleeping Beauty .
That make it seems very funny and lovely.
The debate over whether the new technological inventions are an angel or a devil raged for a long time.
Some people point that the new technological inventions have fundamentally changed our life; Conversely, others maintain that it adversely that affects our life and work.
For my perspective, I hold the opinion that we should not ignore the fact that the new technological inventions in the meantime negatively affects our friendly relationship.
However, the new technological inventions compound the unconcerned of each other.
No matter where you stand, you can find an abundance of people are absorbed in their phone and pad.
Accordingly, the unrestricted using smart products will bring about a series of horrible consequences.
We should raise our head and put down our phone, and communicate face to face by your heart.
It is obvious that the computer has become an indispensable part in our daily life, with the times evolution.
Our life is closely linked with it.
As is referred that The real danger is not that the computer will begin to like a man, but that man will begin to think like the computer  .
We should pay more attentions to the relationship between humans and computers.
hasn't come true so far.
On the contrary, we begin to think like the computer.
Everything sequencing.
We can almost look into any answer by the computer without thinking.
As far as I am concerned, we must decline the time we spend on computers and read more books to improve our ability to think.
Nowadays, more people concerned about the next generation than a generation ago.
As far as I am concerned, firstly, less concerned about lake of communication can make family cold.
Secondly, our attitude will make parents sad, and have no confidence to life.
Then they do not want to share themselves to us.
To my way of thinking, people should squeeze more time with their parents instead of doing other things such as playing with children.
Those who are interested are welcome to participate in our activities.
If you need any information, please don't hesitate to call our contact person.
For example, books, news, Internet and so on.
We acquire knowledge from these ways in order to live better in the future.
However, as the saying goes, Practice is the sole criterion of truth.
On the one hand, we can't learn everything from books.
There is such a great increase in population that the environmental carving capacity have reached its limit.
What's more, overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.
Besides, Many coutries are lacking in water resources, which makes it hard for people to have access to safe drinking water.
In addition, cutting down trees is creasing the evenironment.
We must take action to protect the environment.
Secondly, we should control the number of people.
I want to study English for different reasons.
In the other hand, I think English is a beautiful language, which sounds perfect.
What's more, having a good knowledge of Eglish can help us know more about the culture of some foreign countries whose mother language is English.
When I was a little child, I always dreamed to be a college student and to make some great achievements.
But, I'm a college student now.
I still have many classes to attend, in my free time, I get more things to do, like washing the clothes.
I have got more and more pressure.
I have to choose to get the further education, in the same time, I have to take many exams to get the certificate, which are to make sure that I can find a good job after I graduate.
So I find some way to deal with these problems.
I try to balance the time to study and to enjoy life, I study harder than before to fight for my future.
I try to care more about other friends, and go shopping or have dinner with them on weekends.
Firstly, live in a big city means I can share many top facilities different from in countrysides with other people.
And the transporting, shopping, entertaining are very convenient to us.
Secondly, I think countrysides are not very clean, and the safety is a big problem, there are many kinds of insects, I don't like them at all, so I don't want to live in countrysides.
There is no denging the fact that our earth is becoming warmer and warmer .
To begin with, first coal , then oil and natural gas, have been burned for energy at a rapidly increasing rate, more carbon dioxide and poured into the atosphere.
The increasing fierce social competition let a lot of people focus time and energy on making money.
To some extent we must do our absolute best to protect environment and prevent global warming.
We should plant more trees to save our forests and we must have new sources of fuel that do not involve the production of carbon dioxide.
Earth is our home and mother , we must relieve her burden.
I love my mother so much and we love our earth mother also.
Everyday we can make a little change.
So now, don't make our life complicated, make it simple.
I saw your email which you asked about China'sdevelopement.
I'm pleased to say that our hometown have changed a lot since you left home.
Well, first, the houses become bigger and roomier so that a lot of villagers live in furnished apartments.
Second, opposite to the old days, now people have phones and buy televisions, washers, refrigerator and so on.
'These days, villages and towns are connected with spacious roads.
Many villagers buy tractors, lorries and cars in order to help with farming agriculture.
Maybe those things are the symbol of being wealthy as well.
And last, schools keep a strict eye on educating students with high quality of education.
In order to restrain costs, I have thought three solutions.
First, cost-savings by closing the Belgium factory in Antwerp and opening a new one in India with lower labour costs.
And we need layoffs to help us reducing the costs.
We can give the workers with year-end bonus, share holdings and holidays.
For instance, purchasing components from low-cost countries such as India.
It is known to us that communication has been playing an important part in our daily life.
As the table shows, there are four main ways of communication.
Above all, most people communicate others by sending the messages, the second is making the phone call , the third is sending the e-mail.
In addition, writing a letter accounts for two percent, and the other accounts for six percent.
Personally, I like communication by computer most.
In my opinion, by computer, people can easily send e-mails to each other at any time and at any place, while it is too slow a way to communicate by writing a letter and too expensive a way to communicate by making a phone call.
People suggest that experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
So I think the ability is more important than the result.
After Iwatched the video about AIDS in the class.
I have a monent of shock.
In that moment, I find that how small human is.
As soon as myself on the scene I sure I will try my best to do something.
However I can't do anything at that time.
Maybe, the only things I can do was praying.
Actually, the same experience was existence common.
Today, our school will hold an evacuation drill to improve our run skill.
It's of great importance.
So I hope that everyone can take it seriously.
But there exist many problems.
Then , I will give some suggestions about evacuation drill.
First of all, keep calm and quiet, which will be of beniefit to us.
In addition, please listen to the teacher who leads us.
Facing the large and beautiful campus, I have to acknowledge that now I am here, a place far away from my hometown.
The way college students learn is totally different from what I used to.
In the past years, the teachers played a main role in our study life.
They always suggested us to do something or not to do something.
They treated us as newly-born babies, frequently teaching us step by step.
Apart from the difference above, I also find an obvious difference between the schooling experience in the past years and here in the university.
In the past, every student had to learn many different subjects, such as Chinese, maths, English and so on.
Each subject is significant a lot.
But now, as a college student majoring in English, my main subject becomes English only.
I think that it is possible for me to feel bored in the future if I study English only all the year round.
Now I am here, where I will lead a meaningful life thoroughly different from the life I led before.
We are enclosing our illustrated catalogue and price list.
Under separate cover, we are sending you a case of the fireworks and firecrackers we are exporting at present.
All quotations are subject to our final confirmation.
  This reflects a big problem in China.
With the rapid development of economy, young people are so busy with their works that they take less time to take care of their aged parents.
What's worse, some of them even don't want to take care of their parents, they regard their parents as their burden.
As we know, every one will become old one day.
If you don't want your children to do that, you should take good care of your parents now to set a good example for them.
What's more, our government should appeal to the public to take good care of aged people.
Computer has too many advantages to use.
Such as its convenience and high efficiency.
But some problems turn up with the dependence of people.
On the one hand, we think less and wait for answer most of the time.
We use the computer do something what we should do by ourselves.
On the other hand, health of people become worse than before now.
Prolonged use of computers cause many diseases.
Some youth have cervical spondylosis which may appear later or not appear in their life.
And nearsightedness in children is more general than before.
In my opinion, we cannot stop the development of science and technology.
So computer for us is still important.
But people can change their dependence.
Thinking more rather than wait and do more exercise instead of sitting in front of the computer.
Maybe problems gone by this life style.
This winter holiday, I went to Britain.
I am deeply impressed with my experience in the UK.
I got to know a new friend called Abby.
She helped me improve my English and offered me a visit to many places of interest.
When I was ill, her parents took me to the hospital.
They also cooked a lot of delicious food for me while I was in hospital.
The kind of lifestyle people chose has much to do with their health.
If you choose to adapt a sedentary lifestyle.
You may experience health problems such as obesity and heart disease or psychological problems such as depression and anxiety.
So once adopted a healthy lifestyle can actually benefit you for life.
There are many ways that lead to a healthy lifestyle.
Early to bed and early to rise can make you healthy.
A good sleeping also make you feel energetic in daytime.
Being active is a fine way to remain healthy.
You can do some exercise, go for a jog, join the health club and so on.
Being active can make you feel good and look good .
It is also important to eat enough vegetables and fruits.
there is a saying.
an apple a day keeps a doctor away.
Heathy body takes precedence over any other things in you life.
I think the teacher should have rich in knowledge strict and unsmiling like to give students a lot of tests .
My mother is a simple woman who gives all her love to her child .
Twenty years ago , I came to the world with a loud cry .
She smiled with tears .
Then , she began to care for me with all her love .
I remember once I had a serious fever at midnight .
And there were only my mum and I at home .
She carried me to the hospital on her back .
Since I went to school .
My mother became more strict with me .
Every time I attained good marks in the examination , she would tell me not be arrogent .
This is my mother -- a woman who loves me with all her heart .
The Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
My parents started to do some cleaning as well as buy something we need several days before the Spring Festival.
And I became more and more excited with the Spring Festival approaching.
On the Spring Festival , I can put on new clothes and I can eat many kinds of fruit and sweets.
To start with having a good diet, you should eat less food which contains too much fat and sugary and try to eat more fruit and vegetables.
  It's my freedom, tomorrow I'm going to devote myself to studying, so that I won't have any chance to play game, you know I don't like be disturbed.
  You are going to be a senior student, you can't waste each second.
I didn't reply, she silenced for a moment then kissed my forehead and murmured:  I'm sorry honey, I should make you happy tonight, you know I will regret for criticized you for a long time after you leave.
We usually have different opinions in class activies.
More than one person is better than one person.
Only one person usually make mistakes.
And a anther reason for my choice is that i think respect other people s opinion is really importent.
Once i and my classmates planted a travle.
  A friend walks in when the rest of the world walks out  .
There are many reasons explaining the roommates conflicts .
what is more , most conflicts are caused by dairy trivial things , for example , when someone want to sleep , others playing computer games or calling .
Considering all these .
I think we shoud take some measures to solve the problem .
First of all , we should talk about the problem with each other and make some agreements.
On her class you will never fall asleep in.
She explains very clearly that what has happened in the past , and she organized exactly why it happened , how it happened, and what was its influence to people at that time.
Her lessons often begin with some stories or some questions which we need to think of and have a discussion.
l lose myself during her class , l can't help imgaining that I was the one who lived in those years long long before.
Some people think that there are lots of advantages for people to work in big cities.
First, working in the big cities does good to their future development because we can find the best job we like and take full advantages of learning resources to improve our ability.
Second, we and our children can get more chance to accept high education and acquire internet technology in big cities than in small cities and we're able to make much money.
However, for other people, what they really concern about is disadvantages of working in big cities.
In the first place, they need to solve the problem of living expense and housing condition, as they all know, they can make much money but they have a big living expense and the room rate is rising rapidly.
In the second place , there are a lot of people living in big cities, therefore, they produce much rubbish and cars release much polluted gas and factory releases lots of polluted gas and water so they breath harmful air and drink polluted water.
Reccently, with an increasing number of people migrate to big cities, the population of big city is increasing day by day.
Conquently, the problem of housing shortage in big cites is concerned by people.
Secondly, the government can encourage the younger people, above all those students who just graduate from colleges, to start their working in minor cities.
TO sum, the government should be the most important role of solving the houseing shortage in metropols of China, such as Shanhai and Beijin .
Addition , the government should make people know that China is a developing country with a large population.
secondly, chinese dama invest the gold due to traditional preferance to it for thousands of years which deeply express the chinese belief in their mind .
I am going to check details for an event next week with my two assistant.
I have looked 207 rooms at New Century hotels for the event.
I also have important thing to let you know.
I believe you are careful and cautious.
If you are late.
Most of peopie know that China has the largest population of thw world .
Everyone who lives in China thinks that the heavy traffic is nomal.
In many places there is little food, water or the energy.
People who live in these places have a hard life.
Besides the traffic problem that we have mentioned, there is not much enough room for us to live in.
Millions of people can't go home to go over the night everyday.
Because of the large populaition, the pollution in the earth has become more and more serious.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
Mrs Wu who is my first manths teacher.
She is the best teacher that I have ever had.
Because she not only taught us the kowledge of maths, but also guided us to how to be a good man.
Once, my parents still haven't picked me up when it was late.
To my surprise, Mrs Wu stayed with me until I was picked up safely.
As my secretary, Due to her outstanding working behavior and very honest to others.
Newdays, studends don't focus on spelling words of English study.
Tony is from a rocky farm in Italy.
After a hard tour, he came to America.
Standing in a driveway, he saw an American who will give him a lot of help in future.
Because his English is so poor that he cannot realise the person's words, he always said he would mow the person's lawn regardless of what Craw said.
From mowing lawn to clearing snow, he won slowly Craw's trust.
After that, Craw helped him enter into a pretty good apprentice school and he became a good skilling apprentice that he can read the millionths of an inch on the micrometer and shape the grinding wheel with an instrument set with a diamond by studying hard.
Finally he saved plenty of money by selling a house which was decorated good and then bought a farm.
After hard work, his American dream came true.
I take part in lots of activities in our school.
I can develop a friendship with others by joining in it.
What's more, it's better for us to join in some gymnastic activities.
I think we can not only relax oursrlves but also keep healthy.
Moreover, I often watch Ehglish films.
However, it's necessary for us to arrange our time wisely.
We should jion in the activities which we truely love.
After all, we aim to enjoy ourselves.
In my opinion, after-school activities is of great benefit to us.
It can enrich our life.
We need balence well between studies and activities.
From the picture, we can see a father is watching cartoons with his son and his son say to him: you can watch cartoons with me, dad, as long as you don't ask me to explain them to you.
With the development of economy, parents spend less and less time with their children.
They don't know the children's feeling, idea or other thing else.
Also, children don't want to tell their secret to their parents.
They think their parents will against the things that they want to do.
In my opinion, generation gap will damage the affection between children and parents.
I think children can talk to their parents face to face and tell them our own felling and idea.
And parents should spend more time to care about their children, try to communicate and understand their children.
According to all above, we can see, it is wise to make friends on line.
She is a little thin and wears glasses.
We are very extroverted and ambitious.
So She is always among the best in university.
Now, she is a student at Chonbuk National University of Korean.
When we are together, we often travel, watch movie, and we also go shopping together.
Do you think smoke means you are a man.
If you think so.
I will tell you.
If you go to public place even you by bus or train.
The room was filled with smok.
Don't smoke.
What's more, shopkeeper needn't to paid some money for house-rent.
As we know.
Sometimes we will meet some frustration in our real life.
In my opinion, frist we should have a good mood, because have a good mood can make us feel so happy and let us have the courage to face to meet the frustration, And tell ourself i can do it.
Some people say if you believe you can, then you really can.
Second analysis of why can appear such problem, and how to solve the problem.
Last but not least, we should tell ourself everyone will meet the frustration we are not only one get the frustration, we should take a positive attitude in the face of the frustration.
  to his dad.
And his dad says that  If you can empty the question here, you can do anything.
The implied meaning of picture is that if we encounter a problem, we should do something to solve it better than complaining the things.
The son only complain his worried to his father, he doesn't want to do anything for it.
In my opinion, I think we should try our best to do something to solve the problem rather than complaining constantly.
As far as I am concerned, I has influenced most by this book , named Of Study.
This book is more than wonderful.
The book, Of Study, which mainly talks about study.
In this book, we can learn about that how to study, how to deal with the contradictory of study and thinking.
As this book refer that studies serve for delight, for ornament, and for ability.
Books are best friend for human being.
Obviously, It is difficult for me to comprehend it clear.
As we all known that every books are useful for our life or study.
Books enriched our life , at the same time, we can acquire a lot of knowledge from that.
No matter what books we choose, so long as we spend our free time to read , we can benefit a lot .
Not only our life , but also our study or work.
Dear Mr.
Hello, Mr.
Brown, I am Li Hua, The change student live in your home last year.
I'm already get China, I'm very thanks for your help during the hole time I was in your home.
I'm so sorry to tell you a pity thing.
When I get home, I know my English dictionary was left in your home and this dictionary is a gift from my English teacher in America.
it's so rare for me.
So I want to ask for a help, and I know the book is maybe in the bookshelf in my bedroom.
The dictionary is raelly improtant for me.
I wang to study English for different reasons.
First, English is very useful.
It is used by so many people and countries.
You can speak English with any people in different countries.
It isthe most popularest language in the world.
Second, I thinkstudy a foreign language can help people understand this country's calture and custom.
The next reason, I think one person can speak English graceful is very cool.
And the last reason is that Ilike English very much.
Many people don't think college student know how to deal with frustration.
For some reason or other, college student is not good at deal with frustration.
For example, if they meet with frustration in work, most of them don't know how to deal with and they will shrink back.
As we know, the generality of student are the only child of their family, they are taked care by their parents and they are spoiled.
maybe you will think it's a difficult work.
After 40 minutes fermenting, you can take out the paste out of the pot and put it on the board.
Tradition Reading is good for our eyes .
With the increase of cities' population, housing problems are becoming more and more apparent.
Many people just have too small houses.
They complain that their houses are too small to live in.
We even can see several people live in one room.
Now that the housing problem is so serious, can we solve it with a perfect way.
Various solutions have been put forward.
I think the most important and efficient way is to control the population.
In my opinion, the housing problem is very complicated, involving many other problems such as traffic.
We should think over from every side.
The library of our campus is so small .
It's inconvenient for us to read out-of-class materials.
because everyone llikes the quiet atmosphere in the library .
In my opinion, some classrooms can be used as reading rooms.
For example , exploring our potential, open our sight by experienceing nation events.
Now I am in Northeast normal university, I am very excited.
And I think the life here is beautiful enough, in addition to miss my parents.
Also I feel confused sometimes.
For example, I do not know we have to buy textbooks by ourselves.
After entering this college, I have learned a lot and I have known that college is really different from high school.
In my high school, I always dreamed that I could live with my friends, I thought it would be interesting.
Now, it comes true.
I live with five room-mates in the university, and because of their good characters, I can get on well with them.
It makes me very happy.
Living with five room-mates is an amazing experience for me.
In high school, my friend and I can only stay together in the daytime, after class, we have to get back our own home.
Although I cannot suit the life here very well, but I will try my best to adapt to my new life.
After all, I am here now and I will live here for four years.
It is obvious that fatness has become a serious problem which has a bad effect on our health.
There are many reasons why so many people are overweight.
As far as I am concerned, I think there are three reasons for fatness.
Firstly, we do not have regular and healthy breakfast.
Secondly, we form the unhealthy habit of eating too much high-energy food which leads to fatness.
Those who are overweight should take steps to lose weight to be healthy.
eating healthily so that they can study better.
Secondly, they ought to get up off the couch and exercise instead.
In a word, Rome is not built in a day.
I like the summer hoilday so much.
I look forward to summer holiday every year.
This summer , I went to ShenZhen for my holiday, which is also a city of seashore like Haikou.
I enjoyed having a walk along the beach after supper or having a swim in the afternoon.
The sky is blue, the air is fersh.
Wherever you go, you can always see the green trees, the neat grasses and the colourful flowers.
They were really wonder.
ShenZhen has a lot of tall buildings.
Online Shopping has so many positive effects, such as it's convenient and quick to buy some things when you busy.
And it's an enjoyable experience to shopping on the internet.
I think online shopping will let you buy some things that you dont't need at some times.
As far as I'm concerned, online shopping is a positive shopping style.
It's benefit to the development of economic, and it's convenient for our life.
People attach more importance to live a low-carbon lifestyle.
Low-carbon lifestyle means that we cut down the amount of carbon dioxide in daily lives .
we are the backbones of the world , we have the responsibility to take measures from small things.
Turn off the lights aftre leaving the classroom to save power , thus to save coals, finally to decrease carbon dioxide.
What is more , we would better recycle used paper , plant more trees to take in more carbon dioxide .
The most impressive thing I have in the last two years is I won the first prize in the school singing contest.
I was nervous before the game.
I never thought I will get this place.
Because I had never won a prize.
But last month, I did it.
And I was very excited.
So excited now.
I got such a good position because I am very hard before.
Huai panding experience army life and the redlizatian of the self value of desire.
In recent years, there had been increasing number of mixed marriages.
With the number of transnational marriage mounting, the controversy has become more and more hated.
Different people will offer different opinions.
Some people take it for granted that they support the mixed marriages.
According to them, they can know more about their custom and communication.
However, others hold that mixed marriages shouldn't be accepted.
In their opinions, they are grow in different countries.
So, they have different customs, value, culture and education.
How should they avoid these problems.
As far as I'm concerned, I disagree the mixed marriage, though people's mind had been charged greatly, we still can't overcome some difficulties about the mixed marriage.
For the last few years, There is a great change on the earth.
And a common issue discussed on television, on the internet, on radon shows and in newspapers is that of the global warming.
First of all, The global warming is when the earth heats up, this is obviously due to the rise in temperature.
There are many reason that cause it.
What's more, we are run out of the energy on thh earth.
Last but not least, we most care about is the global warming's advantages and disadvantages.
The advantages are that it make the winter get shorter, make us feel warm.
However, it can also make a two-week advancement in spring, weather and ice melt that would affect the stability of the polar bears.
It is hard to imagine the world without creature.
So, we should think how to solve this problem.
In my opinion, I think that it is difficult to imagine the phenomena that global warming still and it can be said that each person is simply just a dot on the earth.
For someone, success is defined in terms of the dollar amount on a paycheck, for others, it's the title on their card.
The different person holds different view on this question, most are about wealth or power.
While you are working, you have to get along well with your partners, care for each other, follow your principles, pay more attention to your work method and make outstanding contributions to the development of the country and bring happiness to people.
However, there's far more difficulties to be successful.
Comparing with the other guys, your family members need you more.
Don't put the cart before the horse, what you have done on the work ultimately works on the happiness of your family.
I want to Participate in the trip , I am very interesting in it .
Such as water , umbrella and so on .
About this abnormal phenomenon, we should take effective measures to keep college students away from these bad habits.
First, the students themselves should establish a positive outlook on life, second, they should try to have a healthy new life instead of the dreadful ones.
In my view, I'm in favor of the first one.
Reading this book can help you improve your reading skill.
Nowadays, in china, many children are the only child in their family, meanwhile, they are the apple of their parents' or even their grandparents' so they are freedom from housework, and what's worse, they are becoming very dependent on their parents.
After entering university, we need to have certain goals for our growth, maturity, independence, and posses the brave to meet the changes which will occur in your life as you move from adolescence to young adulthood.
During this time, we need to endeavor to find out who we are and what our strengths and weaknesses are.
Last of all, college is a designed to be a time of personal growth and expansion.
It is an experience that contributes to our young adults' growth.
Last but very important, our younger generation is the flower of one country, the hope of tomorrow, and the future pillar of one state.
we'll first visit some famous ancient buildings with professional comments, at the same time, regarding it as a teaching background to make some related topics in your lesson-preparations for students.
My name is Z, my senior high school life has began.
first of all, my first memory of the Yizhong must be the dining hall.
When I step into it, I can't believe my eyes.
Any food I have ate were so delisious.
In addition, drawing may be my favorite activity in first grade.
besides, my first teacher is Mr.chen who is a interesting young man teaching us chemistry.
It's only 3 days from the term began.
With time going by, science and technology make huge progress.
People lead a worthy life.
Mobile phones are more and more important.
So a lot of people often use mobile phone on the wrong occasion.
Mobile phones are becoming a new scene on campus.
As the matter of fact, that act alaway have some bad effects.
In my opinion, It is necessary to restrict the mobile phone in the library.
We are a long ago to see each other on Internet.
last week.
And you told me you were so badly because you have no friend at school.
Hello , miss X , my name is W who is from Y .
There are five people in my family , that is my parents , my two younger brothers and I My hobbies are widespread , for example , reading is one of my favorite hobbies .
Due to a large export order we will have a training course about foreign language at 8 a.m on Sunday to make you be familiar with them easily.
Nowadays, the academic plagiarism become a new phenomena , which draws more and more attention from society.
We all know academic plagiarism do nothing but harm to everybody .
The copy cats will be lazy in exploring , experimenting, and researching .
So prohibiting academic plagiarism is the most urgent task for us.
It is the key to solve the significant obstacles to growth in academy.
First, we should establish an academic supervision system, monitoring academic plagiarism.
In addition, strengthening moral conscious may be a superb measure.
We need let people reject academic plagiarism consciously, with their contempt to copying.
There is a saying, Humans think alike  .
I believe most of us would stand in the integrity peaks , resisting the act of plagiarism firmly .
It is very convent.
First of all.
Never will I forget there.
When the arrival of summer, all of my friends will call me to swim in the pool, at sunset, we would go to the playground to play.
Although each of us is very tired, we are really crazy about them.
First of all, different people have different opinions.
As far as l am concerned, team spirit is that everyone in the group can try his(her) best to do something together.
In addition, people will have more chance to get involved in the activity.
My families plan to visit the interesting place of Shanghai.
We are led to the Oriental Pearl TV Tower , a famous tourist attraction.
It is a magnificent building located in Pudong New Area, it is the tallest building, so it's very easy to see this building, even if you are several miles away it.
As we get to the high floor of the Oriental Pearl TV Tower, we see the attractive viwswhich includes the Huangpu River through the window.
Nowadays, more and more productions have been packaged too fancily.
In additions, most of these package is unnecessary.
Generally speaking, many producers to do so because they want to attract more consumers to pay attention to their productions.
First of all, if a production is packaged beautifully, the consumers will take it as something expensive.
To some degree, it helps to improve the value of the brand.
Moreover, with the development of finance, the producer want to make their productions more beautiful.
As far as I concerned, it is no need to do so.
As we know, what is the consumers care about the most is the quality.
For the more, the excessive packaging add the consumers a burden.
In a word, it is the time to take actions to stop it.
For instance, we can refuse to buy those productions ourselves, as time goes, the producers will stop it.
In China, the population is over 1.4 billon, and that's too much, almost one fifth of the world's population.
The large population causes a lot of problems.
First of all, because of the large population, the energy is not enough at all.
Although we have a lot of energy, but there're also too many people.
Also, in many big cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, there's a serious problem that is difficult to solve.
There is more and more traffic.
In the morning and evening, the time to go to and back from work or school, the traffic is exactly very much.
The cars and buses even cannot move and it often takes a long time to get to the office, the school or home.
And the price of the house is so high that many people can't afford it.
So the cheap house is not enough at all.
Then, a lot of college students need a job.
People produce too much rubbish.
And that's really bad for the environment.
Above all, the large population causes too many problems.
We must do something to face them.
Anyway, we don't want wars to reduce the population.
The most beautiful country I have been to in Europe is Switzerland.
When I was in Switzerland , I took the Golden Past from Luzern to Interlaken.
I was deeply moved by the scenery outside the window.
The houses on the mountains were in the cloud.
Switzerland is in the middle of Europe.
It has a population of seven million five hundred thousand.
There are many cities in Switzerland such as Geneva and Berne , the capital of Switzerland.
Recently, a growing number of university campus are open to community and tourists.
On one hand, some people argued that it is a good thing for the students to visit the famous university campus.
I think different campus have different campus cultural .
Nowadays, e-book is so popular in our modern life.
And maybe because of the development of science and technology , a large number of people tend to read online.
It may have many reasons.
computers and handphones are so common, it provides people with chances to read online.
Secondly, it will become more convenient for us to do some reading, and we can read anytime and anywhere.
Every coin has two sides, it also has many bad effects.
have much radiation, it is not good for our health.
for our eyesight.
As far as I am concerned, we can read some books for entertainments online, maybe it will be forgotten fastly, but it is very convenient.
Our boss was especially strict towards us as if we were the machines which could run and run over again.
I'm very against this opinion, Nowdays, The rapid changes in the world, and we are in order to adapt to the change of the world changes, and, We are not bad child, we just want to get a true show others.
As a freshman, It seems to me that if parents help their child too much, the child will think that parents can help them do anything so they don't need to work hard.
And this is not good for child's future even be weeded out in the society.
Last Thursday, we had a good time in our writing class.
MS. Cao, our writing teacher, first took out a picture of a lovely pig.
She sticked it on the blackboard.
Then we were divided into two groups.
She told us the rules of the game is that each of the two groups should compete drawing this picture within the stipulated time.
To make sure everyone in the groups could have the chance to come to the blackboard, each person each time would only draw a little part of the pig.
We cooperated with each other.
I think the purpose of this game is to let us know the importance of cooperation.
However, it is crucial to come up with what caused the situation .
As far as I am concerned, the parents are supposed to be responsible for that .
Most of the teenagers are the only kid in their family , so the parents may take care of all the things for kids , to prevent children facing any problem .
To solve this problem , parents should give their kids more freedom and rights to deal with challenges in their lives to improve their survival skills .
I don't know if you ever heard about the nonsense that we are the ruler of nature.
The ignorance in actions can cause many critical consequences, especially when we manipulate the relationship with the environment.
The most horrifying one may be the white pollution.
As we can see, the discarded plastic bags have polluted the splendid expanses, and have dissipated a lot of space to cope with them.
Having witnessed the plastic bag's bad effect, now we confess that we are ignorant.
Then, it is animal extinction that remind us with our ignorance again.
In the past 500 years , there were 816 species had died out.
It is likely that our urbanization is the biggest murderer for them.
Meanwhile, we are confronting much more problems caused by our ignorant activities.
Such as global warming, the frequent sandstorm, population growth, water losses and soil erosion, etc.
This is an interrelated and interconnected world, so every cause has an effect.
As the saying goes: Nothing is terrible than ignorance in action.
Now, I want to emphasis that cause we have been running too long in the ignorant way.
Nowadays, we should to go to work .
The advantages of driving like that you don't get wet when it rains .
And it's cooler to drive in hot weather .
For example , it's slower when there's traffic , it's stressful when traffic is bad .
If you walk, you can get exercise, and it's not stressful.
As far as I am concerned, I prefer walking to driving .
Listening to my teachers , I think university likes heaven.
So I have some hopea of my university .
Above all, I want to lenrn more knowledge in college than which in high school.
However , I also have some fears for my university .
It is afraid for everyone to untertain things.
I afraid I cant get well with my roommate.
All in all , I will try my best to live a woonderful university life.
The Diaoyu Islands have a long history as part of our country's territory, it dates back to early 15th century.
The Imperial Map of the Ming Dynasty, included them as part of Ming Empire's territory.
Nonetheless Japan forced China to give up Taiwan and the islands in 1895, no one can deny that it is the fact of China.
I suppose that we should make it clear hard attitudes to take back the Diaoyu islands.
To be a Chinese, we should endeavor to maintain our territorial integrity.
Different times require different systems, although there are a lot of things will not change, but the old books is not suitable for current society, we need to constantly innovation, society in constant progress, need new knowledge and truth, the classic can't give us these.
Humans are powerful, because humans will create, human imagination is endless, only under the action of constant innovation and imagination, the progress of the society constantly.
now I will introduce myself briefly, I'm a 22 years old girl, born in Y province, and I am currently a postgraduate student at Y university.
Without any hesitation, I chose to major in biomedical engineering.
Nowardays, the demand towards the college students'abilities becomes more and more strict .
First , it can widen students ' horizons, and let students know of more new things that are helpful for their further study and future life .
Second, it may make students make more new friends and learn from them , and realize the different views of the world , which boost their EQ.
Third, it improve their practical abilities .
In China, anumber of students lack in practical abilities, thus it is a good chance .
In conclusion, as for as i'm concerned, college students are ought to take part in social practice .
Those who are clever enough to succeed may do not believe that diligence contributes to success, but it's not for me.
Once not working hard during the winter vacation, as a result, I failed the exam held at the beginning of the new term with a poor grade.
From then on, I had been studying harder and harder.
What I experienced shows that diligence leads to success.
Li Hua is good at Chinese and Maths.
However, he does not do well in English and Physics.
These subjects are quite difficult and he has trouble learning them well.
He is under the pressure of study, but his parents do not understand.
Moreover, although li hua repeatedly objectes, his parents still secretly look at his diary.
Nevertheless he wants to watch television after finishing his homework, his parents do not agree.
They in addition to learning, what all don't let him do.
I think Li hua should have a communication with hiis parents.
It influence the students listening efficiency in class, many parents and teachers worried about this phenomenon .
Both of them think mobile phone will reduce students achievement .
Someone go to tourism, went to the anhui chengdu shandong.
Thus, when it comes to the online shopping, different people hold different ideas.
Some people hold the idea that they like to do shopping online, for it's of great convenience for them in daily life.
Because online shopping is an advoidable trend, which more and more people will be accustomed to it.
Also, it may become much more popular in the near future.
It's unreasonable for celebrities to give up their career if some of them make a pledge to mend their ways.
With the development of time, countries will formulate relevant laws .
For another point .
The last point .
My name is X.
I am from Z.
I am an outgoing girl.
I want to get many friends.
Because I want to know more people.
I think it's a good habit.
I also like sport.
But I am not interesting running.
Because that's so boring.
I like playing ping-pong and badminton.
And I am falling in love with sliding plate recently.
Although I know that's so dangerous.
I want to defeat it.
We are faced with new challenges and opportunities for one thing some people think shopping online can give them conveniention.
As far as im concerned this is good for us .on the other hand.
I think it give us some bad influence.
There is no doubt that parents play a crucial role in their children's education.
They think that children of pushy parents are more likely excel in school and more prosperous in their careers.
On the other hand, a great many people insist that to much push from parents results in children's anxiety and depression.
Failing to meet parents' high expectations might make children lack of self-confidence.
From my perspective, a successful kid drives from many factors, of course their parents are most important.
However, a good parents family environment should not be ignored.
Li Hua likes to drawing and she usually draws some pictures in her spare time.
Ma Kai, a boy who loves writing, he dreams to be a writer one day.
Sun Jun, for he wants to be a cook in the near future.
First, welcome you to China.
I will tell you something about the traditional Chinese festival.
The most traditional festival is the Spring Festival.
It usually on February.
It is the first day of Chinese Lunar Calendar.
It will continue half a month.
The year was named by twelve animals such as dog, monkey and tiger.
And this year is pig year.
We should clean the whole house completely.
And we should eat a big meal with all families, At the first day and second day, the adults should give lucky money to children.
This is our traditional festival.
After study a year in the university, I know gradually there are so many differences between high school and college study.
So we should find the differences and over come them.
In a word, College study depend on yourself not another people.
And the others who were waiting for their turns almost cried with joy , for the funny show on the blackboard made them can not stop laughing.
At least it was my turn, I put on my eyeshade and took a chalk which almost destroyed our masterpiece to start my voyage behind a dense fog .
Taking my cue from C , in which I finally overcame the pig's feet that just like the top of a shovel and it became the most abstract part in our whole work .
Our teacher, Miss Cao was bursting into laughter when she saw our opus .
In fact , no matter who was the winner , no matter what we were drawing .
There is a growing number of people who spend much time sitting.
They eat while sitting, they play while sitting, and they work while sitting.
On one hand, people try to alert us to the harm of sedentary.
It makes us have some health problems and psychological problems.
To solve such disturbing situation, firstly, government and society should assume their responsibility to make joint efforts.
Secondly, it's necessary for media to highly publicize the spirit of sport.
Last, we individuals should attach importance to exercise and act accordingly.
The way of reading e-book becomes very popular.
Advantages of e-books have attracked many people.
E-book is lighter and smaller, so it is convenient to carry.
At any time, any place, we can read e-book.
E-book has large capicity.
It can store a lot of contents.
In tradition, so many books with lots of contents need many paper made from a great number of trees.
So e-book is more environmental for it won't produce new substance and reduce the waste of paper.
The knowledge can be easily acquired by using e-book.
Simply click and link can let us have access to different kinds of contents of e-book.
It is a more effective way of reading.
And it is an approach for someone to making money by offering his articles.
With the rapid development of computer multi-media and network, the globe is stepping into information era.
In the information era, e-business is developing.
And e-book is useful and important for e-busiuess.
Of course, every corn has two sides.
E-book also have some disadvantages.
Because e-book is an electronic product, it is inescapable that e-book emits radiation.
The radiation is harmful for human's health.
To some extent, it is also harmful for people's eyesight, if they always read by using e-book.
And some people worry obout that paper book will lose its importance.
It represents the passing of traditional culture.
In my opinion, e-book will develop well in the future.
It is well-know to us that college life is a dream for many people.
I an Nick , from ANQIN city ANHUI province.
When you come to my hometown , the first you will find the water encircle the mountain .
And you will be interested in my matile dialect , because it is very hard to kown , but is very interestry .
So the winter is coming quickly.
As is known to all, If winter comes can spring be far behind.
Although it is extremely coldly in winter.
Nonetheless we all foreknow that winter is beautiful.
Because the word is the word of snow in winter.
Therefore, I'm looking forward to the coming of winter.
By that time, I will appreciate the play in the snow with my friends.
However, in the university I know some students have never seen snow, just because they come from the south.
We foreknow that the south the weather is extremely hot.
It seldom snows in winter.
Before winter, most important of all, First we ready for winter clothe.
Protect myself against the cold.
On the one hand, we should not be afraid of winter.
The college students are facing more pressure than before, which comes from their education, parents, work, and even the classmates.
Too much pressure will have an affect on their healthy.
I think the most important thing is not to get pressure, do not focus on what is not crucial at all.
Try your best on is enough, you do not need to be the top of the class, just try your best.
Then, do not care so much about what others say, you are special, and there must have the advantages and the disadvantages.
So just do what you think is right.
As to me, I can do what I said.
If I really do something not properly, I will correct myself.
Thank you for your letter.
There are the reason for us that why we reject your claim.
First, we haven't explain that we will provide the office supply you don't mentioned.
If something you need, you must give us a note of the situation in advance.
Second, even we develivered the products on time but it's still delayed for two weeks because of the bad weather on the sea.
When I was young, I always intend to be a painter.
Because I really love drawing and do very well in it, at that time, many people said that I was the child who has talent of drawing.
However, when I grow up, I started to take much times to do homework and many other school works, then I had no time to draw, my mom didn't let me kept drawing, she excepted I can pay more attention to studying at that moment.
Several years later, I'm a journalism student now, and I am good at drawing and writing.
First of all, I want to be a writer.
On the one hand, I like writing.
I like to record a variety of things of my life, and I am a relatively softy person, so I always has many kinds of feelings, such as who we are, why we need each other and what we can do for each other and so on.
For another, I tend to be a text editor, too.
Nevertheless, it is different from a writer, an editor is more tired and important.
Consequently, they have all the information presented to the community readers.
So they should more responsible and patient.
In my opinion, during the process of text editor's work, I can get so much knowledge.
It is a good way to open my eyes.
I always want to recognize more.
Last but not least, I still love drawing now, so I hope I can draw some illustrations in my spare time.
I fell in love with shoot because of specialized course, so I also want to take some pictures when I am free.
In a few words, the most important thing is how I would do, so I will spare no effort to become the people who I always dream to be.
I believe that man proposes.
It was not until my heart stops beating that I will work-hard for it.
I won't let it be an armchair strategist.
Nowadays, more and more problems about students' learning are coming.
When facing exam, some students like glance at other papers.
Or they want to look at the answer in the books or telephones.
Then they have a false results but nothing.
They will even backward.
Your teacher and parents think that you can learn well, but if just you know what you have learnt, and what you have lost.
So cheating is a bad behavior, very bad.
It has not a little benefits.
Thus, from now on, we should eliminate this phenomenon.
In order to improve the efficiency of learning, to let us get our own knowledge, we need't ask for others when we are facing exams or problems, we can have our own opinions and self confidence.
Tsinghua university is one of the most famous university in China.
Tsinghua university is an old university, It was established in 1911.
It has only one campus.
It is no doubt that this campus is very large.
There are some reasons for me to choose this university as my dream university.
First, Tsinghua university is so famous that all of people in China know it.
Because of this , it has many famous alumnus and also it has many more equipment for us to use.
Besides, Tsinghua university aim at becoming a more famous and international university in the world, though most university in China have this aim, Tsinghua university has it  s own advantages.
In my image, people wearing clothes way have changed in our life.
In the past, people just about wear clothes that were big, loose women's clothes were very conservatism, and people were able to choose style of clothes is little.
Now, there are many style that people can choose, especially women's dress, have tens of thousands of varieties, and people can wear what they like.
In addition to this, the way of eating has also many changes.
simpleness.
Just as a saying goes, each coin has two sides.
More and more people are buying products through the Internet.
As for this, people have different ideas about it.
to consumers.
People can buy anything at anytime they like.
While others believe that they cannot touch, smell or taste what they want.
In my opinion, online shopping has brought us many conveniences.
I think it is a pity that we don't take care of our parents cannily as they did for us.
As far as I am concerned, some measures should be taken to solve this problem.
We all know the government has come up with a law whith ruled how often should we visit the elders.
But I think it's not really be acting.
First of all, the government should protect our right about holiday, only in this way can workers have time to come back home.
And then, society is expected to spread some positive energy to inspire more and more people to realized that they should repay for their parents, even just to stay togetther with them as well as chat to them.
Last but not least, we can build some activity communities whitch all the elders can get together to talk and walk around.
In fact, there's so many things we can do for them.
In sum, we are supposed to look after the elders.
We only have one Earth, so please protect it.
Some people catch fish and put waste water into the sea and river.
These make the water dirty and the fish are fewer and fewer.
It's bad for our life.
Some people throw the rubbish everywhere.
These contaminate the air and make animals fewer and fewer.
To protect the animals are extremely crucial.
Many people frequently cut woods, they destroy forests and animals' life.
I think the Earth is a beautiful place.
We have to take good care of Earth for our future.
Without Earth, we can't keep alive.
So from now on, we must protect the Earth to make our life better and better.
When I was an infant, my father in my mind was a great man , because he can do a lot of things that I thought only great men can do , such as driving, repairing machines and so on.
He isn't a merchant who can make a lot of money , he also isn't a scientist who can invent new machines .
On one occasion , an elderly man fallen down in font of my house , it was rain , but my father still ran into the rain and carried the old man into our house and help him changed out of those wet clothes into something dry, then called his family .
Now my father is the greatest man in my mind although he can't do great things he can teach me how to help others.
As the proverb says , the real heroes of the world are the man who take the time to make a difference in the life of a child .
  nothing happened.
We are glad to inform you that the caption goods of our Order No.J-29 sales confirmation have been shipped by S.S. Pearl  .
And it will partial shippment by S.S. Mayflower in HongKong.
This item will pay the transaction price of cost and freight .
In university, we have a lot of resources of books in the library and we should make full use of them.
as the saying goes, we should read books about history to make ourselves wise.
History is a mirror, and we can learn many thing from it.
And poems, a important part to me.
I know you are not interested in literature, but it's really important to your personality.
There are many pearls in the sea of literature, such as Shakespeare.
As for math and science, I know you will spend a lot of time in this field, so I won't waste time in this topic.
Moral, it's so serious a field, and I don't want to talk about it with you.
Finally, logic, a thing which is stange but familiar to us.
Ok, that's it.
Read more.
As a Chinese student, parents since childhood education he how to do things, not let him fumble.
With their ability to learn how to judge their smart sex, that they like to listen to the teacher in future, according to the book to do.
Of course, such study method also lessened their creativity.
So I think the education in China has yet to be improved and enhanced some creative games for children exercise now.
Hello everyone.
I am a person in charge of school newspapers.
I want to advertises for an English editor.
The job principal includes two parts.
First of all, you need to choose articles which is suitable for students from English newspapers, magazines or the Internet.
In addition, choose and editor these contribution from students.
I hope that the student satisfy the following demands.
You must willing to devote some of your spare time to serve the students.
Your English and art are all brilliant, and you can proficient with computer.
If students are interested in the job, please contact with the Student's Union during this week.
With the development of technology, the phones become more and more prevalent all over the world.
First of all , it is convenient to get in touch with other people if you have a mobile device.
Wherever you are , you can reach other people in a moment.
Secondly, the mobile device calls and text-messagings can help us have a good relationship witn our friends who stay other places.
There are a lot of people who communicate with their friends by sending text-messagings when the Spring Festival is coming around the world.
I think that is a meaningful deed.
Last September, we came to our university with passion.
But with the time going, we also discover many problems on campus.
After we came to the university, we didn't accept restriction as we had in senior high school.
Most of us becomes relaxed.
We don't take the initiative to study.
We haven't formed the habit to going to the library and going to study by ourselves in scheduled time.
Boys like going to the Internet Bar.
As far as I am concerned, our school should organize some classes and activities to motivate the students' passion on study.
At the same time, we also should reliaze the importance of studying .
A good book likes a teacher, we can get a lot of benifits from reading.
Writers write down their emotion and thoughts, they use words to express them to us.
However, some people think that the best way of learing is to practice.
In my poinion, before we practice we must shape our thoughts.
I want to be a good teacher in the future.
I never don't think teach students is waste time .
When some dangerous things happen, like flood earthquake.
Most of people put himself in first, everyone wants to himself will be saved, will be safe.
However there are some people who put others in first.
I think he will feel fear too, but he has something character others don't has or maybe he has more than others, like goodness, and he respect for all life in the word, than, he 'll go to save someone else's life, he need courage too, after all one people can't fight against the power of nature.
Maybe, he has a belief things, and, it helps him have courage.
he will feel feer too, but he can be calm down soon.
At that time, he knows what he does.
He knows how to do to help other people and his own life.
In a word, heroes have many good things, goodness, courage, responsibility, ect, the most important is sacrifice one's own interests for the sake of others.
Everybody come to the world was teached to make a different, as the says goes  born to win  .
But, there comes a key point that how to success.
In my view, enough preparing is essential before you succed, as Abraham Lincoln's famous remark, Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I'll spend the first four sharpening the axe  .
As usual, my parents and I got together with my grandmother, and my sister who goes to college in Austrian.
In my opinion, the most interesting thing was eating dumplings.
At eating time, we looked carefully so as to cloose the coin dumpling.
The fireworks also left a deeply impress at me, I was crazy about watching the pretty fireworks flying into sky one by one.
  Three, two, one.
We were busy about congratulating to each other and made plans for ourselves.
I often heart that some people say we feel less happier compared with other years.
Today I went to Heifei Normer University and pursue my dream.
I know that being a teacher requires not only a lot of professional knowledge, but also a lot of effort.
On the one hand, I work hard at my lessons and be fully prepared before the exam.
Let's put it simply, if you don't have sufficient preparation, you can hardly expect to answer all the questions correctly.
On the other hand, I participate the Love Association and become a volunteer teacher.
As far as I'm concerned, this is my favorite thing.
In other words, it gives me a good chance to become an excellent teacher.
Thanks to my dream, it not only drive me to study hard, but also helps me learn how to persist for realizing the dream is a long and difficult way.
College is a big school.
It can take us friends and we can make games with us teachers and friends .
In college we should set a study, programmer.
In life we should make some friends with our classmates.
In college if we try our best .
To become a good learner, we should learn to study efficiently.
We publishing company provide reliable quality and reasonable prices rapid shipment of products is our advent age.
Reading books is always a popular hobby among people at different ages.
Many times, we must spend a lot of money to buy some valuable books.
E-book save more money than paper book.
Second, it's really convenient for us to find out the books by searching online.
The efficiency is gorgeous.
Every advantage has its disadvantage.
On one hand, reading online for a long time is bad for our eyes .
On the other hand, we can't make notes on the e-books.
There are various kinds of views about e-book.
Different people hold different points.
As the numbers of students who have mobile phone increase, so some one always use the mobile phone in the library.
In the library a lot of students speak loudly by mobile phone .
They do not know their behaviour affect another people in the library.
And this problem become common that i always think it is impolite.
So we should lay down some laws that we can use it to limit some people's impolite behaviour .
We should suggest all the school lat down the laws as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the students should think about another people's feeling.
My favourite book is Harry Potter.
It's one of my favourite spare-time readings.
They are always do homework and play games together.
When faced with danger, they never give up the other party because of love.
Before she wrote these books, she was only a traditional housewife in Britain, her only job was probably looking after the children, but these book changed her life forever.
She had the idea about Harry Potter when she was on train, Harry just walked into my head.
When I first read the book, I totally immersed in the world of magic.
See them through hardships and overcome difficulties, I felt great love.
So my favorite book is Harry Potter.
makeour healthy growing up everyday .
In every experience, every choice I make the impact of our relationship and their parenting is evident , both of my parents taught me to seand strong for what I believe in and have the courage to do what is right.
has the power to overcome both, and love can last forever.
With the increasing prosperity of our society, many people especially the elder women are attached to practicing square dancing outside according to the media reports.
While some people who live nearby are irritated by the loud noisy dancing music instead of totally enjoying it.
On the one hand, there is no doubt that square dancing surely makes our live more colorful and delightful.
First and foremost, we are immersed in the attractive music when we pass by the multitude of people who are dancing.
Some media outlets have reported that plenty of confrontations between people dancing and neighborhood residents which usually leads to a serious consequence.
That is the loud noisy and annoying music greatly disturbs the neighbors around the square.
What is worsen is that a great deal of students who lives nearby are distracted from their study so that they can not keep on it.
Two aspects of square dancing I have illustrated above are obviously here.
Thereby i harbor the view that some measures should be taken to keep a balance between them as likely as possible.
I have ever read a report before about the square dancing in Guiyang.
From my point of view, it is a absolutely wise choice to do so.
Although it maybe looks like kind of wired because you dance silently, both dancers and neighbors keep their own benefits.
From this example, we can see that it is not a problem that we can not find a better way to solve.
Next, some understanding also plays a pivotal role in this issue.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
His name is Yang Zhe.
Mr Yang is a physics teacher.
I like his teaching methods.
He is not only quite friendly, nut also humorous.
In his class, you will never feel bored.
One day, I failed an exam.
After that, he helped me improve my physics and we dealed with difficult problems together.
He helped me a lot.
I will never forget him.
In recent years, civil service exam is becoming the hot topic that people concerned.
As far as I am concerned, there are two aspects.
First, many people take the exam just because of group psychology, what others to do he do it also, but how it good, he does not know.
To be more specific, cheating make no sense.
For example, when their children want to have a night at their friend's home, they always worry about their safe even if their children have called them.
today, The teacher held a pig race, The class is divided into two groups.
The last one classmate.
The student looked a pig picture feel very interesting.
Nowadays, fewer and fewer students pay less attention to spell in studying English.
Many students usually practice to improve their English.
But they never due attention to spelling rules.
It is crucial for young people to study English.
And they don't check their article.
So, They always make mistakes.
They should read more English articles not only to gain knowledge but also to broaden their scope to change this condition we must know about right spelling rules.
there are three reasons for this , Firstly, online have a variety of material, we can choose to sui their own materials which can improve our study interest , Secondly, we can freedly and relaxing communication with the virtual people in the internet, it will improve our expression ability before we know it , Thirdly, when we remember the words can use while typing out , this can improve the speed of memory words.
Then, it can store lots of information .
it is smaller than paper book in size .
On the other hand, the e-book also faces many problems .
first of all, many people have traditional reading habit, compared with the e-book, they may prefer to choose the paper books .
According to recent research , people suffered the poor eye-sight , especially the young people , because they have read too many e-books .
at the last , there are many copies are peddled on the streets or other small shops because we can download them from the internet .
books printed on paper are easily shared and resold by the bute .
To myself , I prefer to choose paper books rather than electronic books .
With the develop of the society, quality of life of the residents is increasing rapidly.
A lot of people buy new houses, cash for clunkers.
Also, they pay close attention to food, especially like the wild birds or animals hunted as food.
Our Earth is a warm family, all animals and plants should be protected.
Animals are our friends.
They are the spirits of the nature, but nowadays, some people in a frenzy just want to seek profits to hunt the wild animals.
They hunt elephants for their ivories; hunt tigers for their skin and tone; even take bile from an alive bear.
About this kind of things, almost all of us will be angry about the businessmen who hunt wild animals.
That's No business, no killing.
Now not only the goverment take measures to protect the wild animals, we can also see a lot of public welfare advertisements about this apperance, but the effect isn't obvious.
As a college student, I think everyone of us will be very sad when we see that the animals were hunted by the businessmen who just want to earn money.
The animals couldn't alive after that, a life disappeared won't be back.
Try to think, years later, children could only see wild animals from the computers or the televisions, that's so scrrouful.
We must do something about that.
We should realize the importance of protecting wild animals to make the ecological balance, develop the harmonious relationship between human beings and the nature.
Take action from now, tell everybody around no business, no killing  .
I'm L, chairman of our students' union.
My name Li Jin, I'm a ctudent and the president of the Student Union of the ChengGuang Middle School.
Our School want to donate a batch of books to the Chinese Class of your school.
America Friendly Communicate School is a very beautiful and energitic School.
It plays an important part on China and America relationship.
The books have many kinds.
Most of them are bilingualsm so that your class can easy for to read.
My favourite TV programme is the Animal world.
We watch the programme each sunday evening.
The programme tells us stories of animals' life.
In the zoo, there are many animals.
Nonetheless in the programme we can see more animals.
It gives me an opportunity to take in the other creatures.
At the same time, I can talk something about the animal.
It is wrong to kill them for food.
In addition, we can know how to get along well with animals.
Consequently, we have to do our best to protect them.
I hope I can do something for animals in the world.
In addition we are always leading a busy life, we should learn how to adapt to life.
On the contrary, watching TV can ease our pressure.
In a word, my favorite TV program is animal.
On the one hand, we should grow up and lead a happy life.
On the other hand, we need study well and get well with our life.
This is my favorite TV program.
As is known to all, in China, the civil service exam acceptance rate is very low.
Some people in order to serve the government, but most people are for the income and welfare for a better life.
These people obsessed with money and power.
With the help of the position to meet the material needs.
And won't brings to the government and people.
In my opinion, civil servant is a noble job.
This people to pursue is not their own interests.
But the interests of the people.
Xi jinping said, don't be officer to make a fortune.
As a civil servant, not only to serve the people, but also to control their own desires.
As we all know, the greatest pleasure of life is love.
So we need to love.
I love my mother most.
I never forget that day.
I had a poor healthy when I was a child.
It was a snowy and windy day.
I had a seriously cough for a long time.
My mother was worried about me.
So she went to buy me oranges to decrease the cough.
To love is to be human.
To be loved is also to be human.
I love my mother, too.
I try my best to do some housework such as cooking, washing and cleaning.
At school, I call my parents once a week.
Now, my is 46 years old.
I feel so sorry for her.
I can't do anything for her.
I want to buy new clothes, delicious food and give her enough money.
While , I am unable.
Though it's difficult for me to say love driectly to her, I must say: ''Mom, I love you forever.
When it comes to my college life, I think there are two words that one is colorful and the other is peaceful.
I still remember the first day I live in this college.
School buildings were surrounded by many trees.
What I saw was really fresh.
My college life began freshly.
Gradually, it turned to be colorful.
During the first year in my college, I was the leader of Communist Youth League in my class.
I attended meetings and organized class activities which I gained many precious experiences.
I learnt to take my responsibility and unit my classmates what a real man needed.
In my space time, I went to the library to read my favorite books.
Apart from this, I joined an English Corner in school, which provided English learners with a platform to study, to talk and so on.
I benefited a lot from the activities.
For one thing, I improved my spoken English; for another, I showed myself in public.
As time goes by, now I am a sophomore.
I am still a class monitor.
But it is quite different.
I realize that all the activities are only a small part of my life.
For a college student, study is the main task.
This term I will pass the TEM-4.
So I have to sit down in a classroom and read my textbooks for hours.
Sometimes it is boring and tough.
No matter what my university life is, I am certain: I should try my best to live a fulfilling university life.
As the development of society, the computer has coming to people's daily life.
More and more people begain to use computer which bring convenience to their work or study.
But at the meanwhile, some problem has come out.
The computer has two sides for us.
We can not only search informations on the internet but also can play games on it.
Some people addicted to internet games, some people commit a crime though internet, and some ones even spread bad words in it.
At the point of my view, the computer make our society more development, we can't resist the spread of computer in our life, but, what should we do is just take it as a tool to help us complishing our task.
Don't reply too much on it.
As the 1111 and winter are drawing near, looking at other lovers together, I suddenly have an estimation about falling in love with a pretty girl.
On the one hand, taking a girlfriend can make me happy, so my campus life will become rich and colorful.
On the other hand, we can learn from each other.
This can help us find our own advantages and disadvantages easily.
Last but not least, my girlfriend is my spiritual sustenance, she can be my spiritual pillar which can make me full of power and passion forever.
What were written above are my opinion of finding a girlfriend.
Different people have different attitude toward part-time job.
Somebody think our job is to study.
Not to work.
If we do work we must waste much time and energy.
Others think it is important.
it can enrich our life, expand our field of vision.
And can let us to know earn money is very hard.
Nevertheless they leave out students' character education.
Students not only should require knowledge which are from test books, but also need which from their behavior.
A student who is more suitable for the society is an erector of state.
As we all know, character education plays an extremely essential role in our daily life.
So we should try ourselves to learn not only how to get good grades but can live more and more comfortably.
As we all know, curiosity is very important for us in our life.
And we had the curiosity when we was born.
It is freedom, not limited for it.
And it is the mather of creativity.
My name is X, I have same good habits, such as I eat junk food only twice a year.
I get up at 5:30 about, and I eat fuilt every breakfast.
I never drink coffee I know it is bad for my health.
However, I have same bad habits to.
I don't like to exercise, I exercise twice a week about.
The topic of Is group cooperative learning good is becoming more and more popular recently.
Some people think group cooperation is a good mean to study.
This way can let us have more pleasure on studying English.
It also lets us concentrate on it more.
Others have opposite views.
They think this way may waste time that we communicate with other people.
As far as I am concerned, every coin has two sides.
I think group cooperation have advantages and disadvantages.
The good aspect is making us happier than study by myself The bad aspect is wasting time to talk with others for something that is unconcerned with studying.
In conclusion, I believe it have advantages more than disadvantages.
After 3 years of junior high school study and experience college entrance examination, all of us go to a satisfied college.
The following are some of my personal opinion.
First, learn knowledge is the most important assignment.
We have to pay attention to it.
Second, we should keep balance work and test what make us keep the energy.
There is a humorous saying:  quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world.
With the change of the way people live .
we collect all kinds of coupons .
some people think it is not smart .
For one thing, by cooperating .
with each other we can buy whatever we want without going out and get the most satisfactory goods at a low price.
we could use this way to live a more economical life.
Sixty percent of the students hold the opinion that entrance fee shouldn't be charged.
They believe that the park is a public place for leisure.
The rest however, are against it because they think it necessary to charge the fee, yet the price is supposed to be a little lower than expected.
If so, it is possible to pay for the workers.
This leads to our country in drunk-driving behavior more.
There are a lot of features of movable phone to meet the needs of most of person.
First, the use of movable phone can strengthen the communication and promote emotional communication between persons.
Second, the riddle in movable phone can help us regulate our mind and relax ourselves.
Third, the photographing function of movable phone can help us catch something meaningful and valuable whenever and wherever.
What 's more, alarm clock can use at any time which can ensure the efficiency.
Furthermore, the mobile phone is different in landline telephone at home.
It has a kind of function which means the call recording.
Therefore, you can examine it for missed calls or messages.
Last but not least, it can offer special groups a convenient way to get in touch with others, such as deaf people can use movable phone to send messages.
The mobile phone, a symbol of temporal spirit, as a part of modern life, it brings convenience for life, is not only an important tool for people to communicate with others, it also is the embodiment of fashion.
Switzerland, with the population of 750 million, is situated in central Europe.
The beautiful country covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometres.
As the Swiss capital, Berne is treated as the most important city of international meetings.
Switzerland is a popular starting point for many excursions.
I am very sorry to tell you that I forget to return your CDs which you lent me last month.
After I went back to China, I checked my baggage this morning, I found my mistake.
I will make an appology to you for my careless, and spare my effort to make up your loss.
Considering sending Cthese CDs to Canada is time costly, I have ordered new CDs on the Internet, which are identical to yours.
In a few days these CDs will be sent to your home.
I suppose there are many advantages for me to become a Chinese teacher.
First, my favorite subject is Chinese and I like the living style of Chinese teacher.
So if I become a teacher, I will do what I like.
I will be happy when I am at work.
Second, I can stay with children all the time when I am in school.
Children are so cute and energetic.
I should learn and enrich my knowledge for the sake of the benefits of children.
Fourth, teachers have two long vacations, the summer and winter break.
During the two vacations, I can have free time to do many wonderful things.
In sum, these are the advantages of being a teacher.
Last week Lucy went to Beijing for a trip with her parents.
In the first day, they visited the Tian'anmen Square, they thought the Tian'anmen Square was very beautiful.
And in the afternoon they went to the Chinese Art Gallery.
Second day, they visited the Temple of Heaven.
The third day, they went to the Beijing Zoo, there were many animals, and Lucy thought they were very qute .
We can have any plans to do is the best benefit we have as a university student .
So we should do ours all to make ourselves perfect.
The first problem is the rise in population.
The population is increasing so sharply that there aren't much more resources to use.
Because of the large population, a large number of natural resources are overdeveloped.
Overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.
And then, cutting down trees from forests is a kind of overdevelopment of natural reasources.
What's more, the lack of water resoures is always a important problem for some countries.
In those courties many people don't have access to safe drinking water.
So many coutries are suffering from lack of water resources.
The last one is air pollution.
To solve these problems, we must stat to protect the environment, such as reducing the waste of natural resources or throwing the rubbish to the litter bins.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buyingcars.
But every coin has two sides.
The negative aspects are also apparent.
Cars will increasing air pollution , which will influence our life and production .
Thongh my above analysis, I believe that the positive aspects overweigh the negative ones.
Recently, the topic of E-book has been widely discussed which has aroused public attention.
There are many pros on E-book.
At first, you can take it everywhere, who do not care its weight.
And also, you can look for what you wanna read, because of a large storage .
However, it has many cons.
You can not read without electricity, especially, when you read the most fascinated part.
Then , you can feel very angry.
What's more, its screen is easily broken when you accidentally drop it.
Weighting the pros and cons of these argument , I am inclined to the former point of view.
Because people have to cut off a wide range of trees to make the traditional books, E-book is friendly to the environment with less pollution.
In addition, people have less time to go to bookstore due to the tight time and the demanding schedule.
Some people think that Hongkong has already set up the Disneyland, as a result, there is not necessary to built one again.
What's more, in the context of economic crisis, it is hard to attract plenty of a large quantity of tourists.
Every coins have two sides.
Some people do not support this project, while some people are in favor of it.
They think that it can provide a good place for children to spend their holiday in the Disneyland.
Besides, more jobs will be create for those people who have no jobs.
From my point of view, I'm glad to see this park built in Shanghai.
Nowadays, people are always doing bad things to damage the earth.
First, people pollute the water.
They put rubbish into the river or sea.
People also catch or kill animals and cut down trees for money.
That's really bad for the environment.
People throw rubbish everywhere it pollutes the earth.
The worst things for Earth is air pollution.
The Earth is polluted.
If we don't stop polluting the Earth.
We should plant more trees to keep air clean.
We should do something good for the environment.
Especially energy-saving devices, we can use solar energy system.
We should pay more attention to the problem of the earth environment.
We should save water and raw materials.
We should also protect the animals and keep them alive.
Last winter holiday, I went to Japan with my teacher and my classmates.
We stayed there for five days.
It was an exciting trip.
I saw many many interesting things in Japan.
First of all, I saw a temple.
It was very beautiful.
Next I also visit the Disneyland in Tokyo.
It was fantastic and I had a good time in it.
As can be seen from the picture , a girl very happy say her mother her college letter of advice.
Of course, more and more family have only children, parent hope their children better and better.
But I think we'd better give children a free space as children should grow depend on oneself is demonstrated in each and every aspect of work and life.
To begin with children is going to walk into society.
For my part, children should live independently, choice life for oneself.
There is a proverb that  No one is perfect  .
We live in this society, everyone has some habits, good or bad.
Such as smoking, talking dirty, sleeping late and getting up late, eating more but no exercising.
These will make us look unhealthy and many diseases come to us.
Firstly, you can make an exercise planning and then implement it strictly.
Secondly, you can supervise each other with your friends.
You can warn him when he does something forbidden, in turn, the same.
Here's what I have to say.
Nowadays, there are some people called  Smartphone addiction  , they are always playing there smartphone whenever you see them.
It's a serious problem.
Nowadays, some people are in faver of keeping pets .
But there is a problem, it's most of the students lack moral sense.
So the school should pay more attention to the students ' character cultivation.
The reason why the school should pay attention to students character is that the society need the excellent student both in learning and character.
Just learn good without character of the student is harmful to society.
Just have character without study's student is useless.
For my part, school can carry out some activities to improve students' quality and improve their moral consciousness.
For example, you can organize students to the homes for the elderly to do some volunteer activities, so as to understand the importance of respect for the elderly.
I am very interested in your display of a plaza with bed-sheets after I visited your corporation in England last mouth.
Our customers would be satisfied with your cargoes.
And also the discount rate for each deal will depend on the quality and design to be used.
Messrs.
During this years, water shortage has become a very urgent problem.
In my opinion, Having 3 reasons can be found.
Firstly, the water of the world is getting less and less, because of people's destroy.
Many trees are cut down.
Trees can not grow up in good environment.
So, the root of trees can't be absorbed in the ground.
Secondly, climate's change made water become more and more.
Climate become more and more hot, it made ice dissolved.
But it also made water evaporated.
Thirdly, factory is a very important factor, too.
Many pollution is lost in rivers.
This made rivers become black.
In some degree, if we don't have water, we will die.
So, we should give up destroying and protect kinds of plants.
We should also plant more and more trees and flowers.
Everything is changing in the world.
We are brought up from a baby.
Sunrise in the morning and sunset in the evening.
And the sky is different from every-time.
In the past, people have to make self-sufficiency work.
But everyone has a lot of free time to do what they want to do.
So they are happy.
But now, people are busy.
Families are often ignored in the past.
Of course, in addition to the above dad change outside also have a lot of good change.
The China of the past, the statue of women is low.
They cannot learn the knowledge, can't participate in politics, can't even go out to work.
But nowadays, the status of women has been greatly improved.
With angry, he talktd me, You won't enter the great college if you don't study hard.
With sad, I said, Today is not my day.
Most of the folks think that the development of modern society facilitates their lives.
However, it may also pollute our environment.
Recently, more and more cities in the world are facing increased pollution.
First of all, all of the clean energy is renewable energy.
We needn't worry that it would be in short.
That is, it can be used to solve pollution problems continously.
What's more important is that it create much less pollution.
As we all know, one of the air pollution is caused by off-gas.
This off-gas is not only affect people's health, but also sometimes cause haze when it was mixed with fog.
Then more serious is that we even can't see anything because of haze.
But using cleaning energy, we can decrease hazy weather.
Obviously, our environment will be better.
i am especially interested tourism major .
happened.
but my think everything going well.
my campus life is rich and colorful .
i go to attend every day morning excluding weekend .
then go back to my dormitory and surf on the internet .
I take part in some part time jobs .
Reading is a good thing.
It has been said reading makes a wise man.
Reading can make peopie cultivatation.
I read can edify sentiment.
The psychoiogical and spiritual are of great help to us.
I think reading is a matter can promote the development and progress of human society.
Reading can make people grow wisdom.
There are a lot of celebrities all know the importance of reading.
Books are our ancient wisdom people.
You can be at home reading will be able to enjoy the world.
Reading can make people smarter.
I think reding is a meaningful thing.
Reading can let a person become a useful person.
Yesterday, i invented twe special soft drinks, Solo and fizz.
When it comes to the internet, we have got to admit that it's more and more popular.
Inernet has been integrated into our lives.
As the picture said, what students do every day in school can be known on the internet.
It's a benefit for the parents to knew their students quickly.
It is important for students to face up to the mistakes which is done by themselves in public.
They can be taught to undertake the responsibility by themselves.
So can they spare no effort to make it better.
So internet is more and more useful, and applied to any field.
As far as I am concerned, internet can do almost anything on the internet.
But it also expose our information to be used for what we don't want.
So we have got to learn how to protect our information on the internet.
The frustration is each person must face.
It will let us learn to persevere, overcome and optimistic in the face of problems.
Second, students lack a sense of ownership.
In order to address this situation, i think the school should be vigorously challenging activities and guide students to their brave and confident to face, than students should also actively participate in activities with people exchanges to show themself.
someone thinks that we should often get online.
Because we can learn more knowledge and something another.
And we can share them with friends by the Internet.
But the others had different opinion.
They don't think we should use computer at all.
For it does harm for our eyes.
Maybe someone will always chatting online and playing games.
It's a waste of time.
In my opinion, we should use it, but we can't always use it.
Today's world, for the sake of future work, the education is more and more crucial.
For example the MaJiajue event and the LiTianyi event.
They are excellent on the academic and cultural level, but what they do make peopel feel scared of students now.
A person can survive in the society without a degree, without moral, it is difficult to accept by society.
I am a student who has just graduated from jounir high school.
With the hopiness to the new life, I come to my new school.
Except for the hard work, we also have a number of different and kindful after-school activities.
Compared to the past, I have more spare time to do something I am interested in.
For example, in my new school we have a swimming pool so that I can swim whenever I want to.
Every night I play th piano after supper.
I can make cathy music and relax myself at the same time.
On weedends after finish doing my homework and revise what we study last week, I aso have time to see a film which I like.
After-school activities make our life more colourful.
My favourite piace at school inclassroom, It is very bright and large, but very quite.
There are alot book and15tables and 15 chairs.
Thre are also many teacher and classroom , have 4 potted flower and ablackboard .
Please note that .
Firstly , I would like to tell you about that I have booked rooms 420 and 429 for this seminar .
At the same time , one of my assistants Mr.
Today, we live in a fairly comfortable world.
Our lives are in general, much better materially than those of people who lived before us.
There are many reasons that caused this.
Here, we aims to give you an idea of how lifestyle have affected our lives and health in good or bad ways.
As is known to all that people living in the modern world feel less and less happiness than and before, like in 70s or 80s.
The pursuit of material life can interpret it.
Many ways can eliminate the effects of incorrect way of life to health.
Sufficient physical activity is important and good to psychological well-being and body.
The more you exercise, the more happiness and strong you will feel.
Ok, we may get an idea and some concepts about lifestyle and health, and also know how to keep a healthy lifestyle.
Saying is easier than doing.
My name is Kevin.
Nowadays, blind-date show is more and more style.
Many local channels are showing this show and this show have a large audience.
I think that the reason why such TV-show can attract a large audience: Firstly, we all most never watch a TV-show like this show before that.
Secondly, it is difficult to find your soul mate in current society so blind date is slowly into people's lives.
In my opinion, blind-date show is not bad.
I don't think it is a terrible thing, on the contrary, I think this is a wonderful stage to show person's advantages.
My holiday ended, I became a college student.
When I was still a senior high school student, I did not have much time for mosley, from morning till night, I keep learning, because in order to enter the ideal university, I have to go all out.
I have to put down my story books, say goodbye with my volleyball, although for I have said, it is extremely difficult thing.
I am a college student, my life become different.
I have a lot free time, leering is not all of my life.
There are many alternatives for me to touch new things.
I can read the book what I like, playing volleyball with my friends, and so on.
Nonetheless I must have to leave my home, leave my parents, it is a hard thing for me, I will try my best to get over it.
In modern sociaty , we can't leave the book.
, as we don't want to follow behind the sociaty, and want to be successfull in different aspect of life, we should have to read many books in all of our lifetime.
however, there are hundrends of thoundsands of kinds of books, inspire of many published recently.
As a result, some people think that we should reading selectively.
By contrast with them, the other people think that one should have to read extensively.
as our lifetime is so short that we should read as many books as they can.
besides, the more knowledgeable he is, the wiser he is.
as far as i concert, we should read effectively.of course, we have limitted time, so we should make good use of our time.
we should read selectively, firstly we should choice the book we need to read , and then choice the book we want to read.
Li Hua, a fashion boy, wants to be a fashion designer.
Chang Lili is a kind girl who likes pants very much.
Therefore she wants to be a gardener.
Ma Kai is so outgoing that he would like to be a writter.
As we all know, he likes to share a lot of wonderful stories with us.
However, Sun Jun is different from Ma Kai.
Because he is a quiet boy.
But he likes to cook healthy food.
For my part, I want to a rock player.
Our friends are helpful for us.
Hello, teacher and classmates, my name is Y, l come from S which is a beacutiful city.
As we all konw I am boy.
I am a outgoing and humorous boy.
Of course, I like English and want to go further in English.
Finally, my English is not very good , I can only write here, but I will study hard in English.
Today, a variety of media is very rich, the person in terms of the media shopping is quite common.
For example, Tian Mao and taboo are platform.
Media shopping land people a lot of convenience, at the same time also brings a lot of problems.
From my point of view, we may as well make chooses properly and ask professors in this way.
Only by doing so can we get what we want online and set unfavorable facts aside.
I had busy day.
In the morning.
I get up at 8 o'clock.
I make up missed lessons.
In the afternoon I pray the coumputer games In the night I watched running man.
From that day on, the boy found the table has a line with knife engrave words, a hole in occasionally appear a few book, a pen, an apple.
During these months, I have been gained new knowledge, such as higher math, college English and so on.
These days, there are so many examples which suggest teenagers are not trained well.
For example, some teenagers are not dutiful.
In my opinion, having character education is crucial.
Only in this way, can we not only have plenty knowledge, but also have a better character.
We have only one Earth, so please protect it.
But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.
For example, some people catch fish to eat.
Some people put rubbish into the sea.
People throw rubbish everywhere.
So there are fewer and fewer animals on land now.
We burn things to make energy.
This pollutes the air.
We must stop doing this things.
Earth is very important for us.
We do not waste water and electricity.
The morning hours are the most precious period within the single day.
Imaging that you're a bird and you have enough time to catch the worm , or a lazy bird that when the sun rises in the sky highly, you have to get up because of hungry.
Now we can understand the whole meaning of the proverbs.
With the Spring Festival coming, I came back to my homeland.
To prepare for the traditional festival, we attached red paper-cut to the windows, which meant happiness and wealth.
The most exciting things was the big dinner cooked by everybody in my family.
At the beginning, my grandparents congratulated to ourselves for the efforts we have made during the passed year.
As a traditional festival, the Spring Festival carries lots of memories and joy.
Miss Hoson was worked in my office for two years.
While she woked in my office, Everybody knows she is very honest and working hard.
She is good at English and German, Special in tongue.
With college graduation just weeks away, a great many senior students are going to leave school, heading for the new stage of their life .
Subsquently, a thought-provoking phenomenon emerged.
Some over-passsionated students choose to express their excitement by throwing bottles from upstairs, committing vandalism and even fighting after drinking too much, being reckless of the safety of the pedestrians or the negative impact exerted to the campus construction.
The reason why they do such may be that they feel long-term restrainted by the strict rules and would like to do something they had been afraid of doing.
From my point of view, it is the graduates who ought to set a good example for the junior students.
After all, the impressive leaving depends much more on what you do that can benefit the school rather than impose irreparable damage to the infrastructure of it.
Yesterday, our class started a discussion about whether animals should be kept in zoos.
Forty percent of students thought that we should keep animals in zoos.
On the one hand, they thought that people can see a great variety of animals.
On the other hand, animals can be taken good care of by keepers in zoos.
And sixty percent of students didn't agree with them.
I think they thought the animals are the members of the nature so they may like to live in the wild.
I support the second view.
Because, the animals just like human, all of us may have our own life, and every life should have its own freedom.
Please stop killing and eating animals.
Nowadays, it becomes a common phenomenon that undergraduates pay more attention to romance than school work.
For one thing, the behavior will take up so much time, which should have been used in study.
The time of university is the most valuable time in the rest of our life, because we will finish the progress of from a teenager to an adult if we treated it seriously.
For another thing, seeking romance also mean costing numerous money.
As a student on campus, none of us have a stable and decent salary, so all of the money we have just only come from our parents.
Recently, the greatness driver Wubin in the last moment of life completed mission of a driver.
He saved the person of whole car but hem-self.
People hold different opinions towards this phenomenon.
Some people believe that good men will get paid, and they should help someone who needs help.
Someone thinks it does harm to students if they use cellphones in classrooms.
While the rhythm of people's living is speeding up, a lot of changes have taken place in the environment.
First, we should go to work on foot or by buses instead of driving cars.
As far as I am concerned, I think we can begin to do with our neighbor, above all, we can't afford to waste resources to reduce and repeated use of resources.
If everyone stuck to the rules, we can do a great thing by protecting our earth.
A lot of people don't feel happy now, and they claim that to be happy is hard because the society is so complex that they don't have time to think about it.
Then they feel anxiety, inhibit, resent, sadness and upset.
In my opinion the reason why they can't feel happy is that they don't know how to get it.
As we know happy is a feeling from one's heart.
And my friend always say that the happy people always are very happy.
Therefore there are some methods to become happy.
First, give your love to everyone around you.
Giving can make you happier than receiving.
Second, learn to be satisfied.
Third, just smile.
Smiles have magical power which can make you and other people happy whenever and whatever you do.
Fourth, help someone else.
I suppose that to be happy is a simple thing.
Nowadays, low carbon life is extremely popular.
As a student , it is my responsibility to do something for the earth.
In order to save energy I will more trees so that the atmosphere will be fresher.
If everyone takes action, our environment will better and better.our earth will change beautiful.
This week, four of us gave a brief introduction of Talcott Parsons, a world famous well-known sociologist from American, and my part is to illustrate a theory named AGIL paradigm, which is a part of his action theory, AGIL defines the cultural system, the personality system etc.
In the future, if we give other academic presentations, using body language and eye contract can help us receive an unexpected response.
For example, in the college, my classmates always stay in the dormitory or go to the dining hall.
I had a special experience last year.
I stay at home alone.
When my parents out, I was sleeping until 12 o'clock.
After that, I cooked a simple dinner and I ate it very fast.
Next, I played the table tennis with my friends.
When my parents came back, I told them I took care of myself and my things could depend on myself.
Through the father's view, I can understand what the father's mean.
He just want to tell the boy the importance of doing small things.
There is no doubt that whatever you do in the future, you should solve every small things you faced.
The period, housing problem is one of the best popular in cities.
Housing problem usually became person have concentrate on one issue at his leisure.
Housing problem to become more serious every day.
The first one, because of more and more countryman remove to the cities.
They influenced the development of economy.
The next one is people increase the demand of houses.
They need more houses for their children.
The last reason is the real estate is very unfavorable.
In my opinion, I think the government should adjust the housing policy.
I love transformers because not only the story is extremely stunning but also it brings the great merits to me such as the justice, courage and so on which shines the essence of humanity.
Optimus Prime standing for the justice with its partners for protecting the planet, is always against the evil represented by Megatron.
In this battle, some persons like Harold Attinger attacks their friends robots for power and authority which make me feel the part of humanity is avaricious and ugly.
I appreciate Transformers that is an excellent movie giving me happiness and profoundly thinking.
In the modern society of china , more and more people perfer to take civil service exam .
First, i think that traditional thoughts is the origin .
Since long long ago, Chinese people have thoughts that goverment employee is a good job.
Second, Taking civil service exam is a choose, In the modern society , finding job are more and more difficult.
Besides, pressure of work also become strong .
About 40% of participants agreed to keep animals in zoos.
They thought that if we do that, citizen can appoach animals to watch them.
However,60% of participants objected to this opinion.
Animals would like to live in the wild.
In my opinion, animals should be kept in zoos.
To protect animals, people should form the habit to save what we use in daily life.
The sourse of them is nature.
At that time, my parents are often engaged in their business.
Only my grandma brought me.
The time with grandma is always happy.
Once upon a time, I stood beside my grandma while she was cooking.
Then she put a pinch of salt in the pan.
  Grandma looked at me with laugh and tear.
She talked to me with patience:  Honey, only a little can make it taste good instead of so much.
  I nodded with confusion.
I cannot understand it at that age.
Few years later, grandma passed away.
Yet she still in my mind.
Fist of all , we should read books involved in college life .
At the beginning , we may find it difficult for us to adapt to the new environment here .
Therefore, it is necessary for us to read these books , which will help you adapt to the new surroundings more easily and quickly.
And then you should read linguistic books .
Languages are tools that help us express ourselves .
Inord to express ourselves accurately and perfectly , read them.
But for that , you also need to read scientific books .
So without doubt , read them.
In addition , the last but not the least important, history is also worthy of reading .
Through history you can get at many famous people as well as their theories .
And finally, thanks for your reading and attention.
Lying in the middle part of Europe, Swizerland covers an area of 41000 square kilometres, which has a population of 7.5 million people.
Switzerland has a great position, for Austria, France, Italy and Germany are beside it.
Being known as the garden of the world  , Switzerland has a gorgerous point of view.
It has the most beautiful snowberg on the earth.
Besides, watches made in Switzerland are famous to people all over the world.
Since I read The Old Man the Sea, I discovered that I loved it extremely.
In this book, the author described an old man who struggled with a big fish, and last he won.
But another problem came, there were lots of sharks followed he, because the blood of the Fish.
From this book, an old man impressed me.
He tried his best to catching fish, though there were so hard to finish it, and the man won the last win.
This book is very meaningful, I can learn that there is no one to lose.
Literature is the art of language.
Is an important manifestation of social culture.
But, The students are more and more pressure, They always busy to exam.
In my view, reading literature is very important to everybody.
Firstly, reading literary can help cultivate students interest in reading, it can enrich people's life, improve people's reading level.
Secondly, reading literature can help to improve students comprehensive ability to us language.
For language learners to provide a rich resource.
reading more literature, you can understand life style and mental state of a people.
Is advantageous to the understanding of long difficult sentences.
Lastly, Along with the development of society, the quality of talent has greatly attracted people's attention.
There are six people in my family.
It includes grandfather, fathe, mother, sister, brother and me.
I has long steaight black hair and small black eyes.
I'm 160cm tall and people say I'm so slim.
Although I'm an quite girl , my hobbies are so many, such as reading , playing basketball, listening music and so on.
It's very improtant for me to learn English well.
I hope I can learn English well so that find a good job in the future.
The arguments for cloning involve whether we should take nature into our own hands by cloning humans.
I suppose that it's quite helpful to use cloning.
First, cloning helps couples to have babies they can't have otherwise, which makes couples more happy.
Besides, cloning can find methods to treat diseases.
It can decrease people's pain.
What's more, cloning also increases endangered species's population.
It's obvious that cloning can improve the agricultural industry.
Many books inside the library, can teach me a lot, the inside of the environment is also very good.
For one thing, I will plant more flowers and trees as much as possible.
of carbon dioxide.
reduce the release of carbon dioxide.
My parents are our interior harbour.
My father is a man of integrity.
He is scrupulous about every specific in my impression.
My mother is a kind man.
My parents are honest and good people.
They taught my sister and me to be honest integrity.
My parents gave me a lot of freedom, I Feel so relaxing.
They have not been exerting a lot of pressure on me for my study.
Our family is not very rich but he is very happy.
I see life need love by my parents.
Life is not always smooth or easy.
Nowadays, more and more students will choose to pursue graduate studies after under-graduating.
Of course, there are lots of benefits for pursuing graduate studies.
Firstly, graduate study can improve our intelligence by learning all kinds of theory and professional knowledge.
In addition, it will develop and enhance our skills such as verbal and writing skills.
In my view, getting a successful graduate needs suitable ways as following.
Above all, it is necessary to combine theory with practice to lay a good foundation for the future employment.
In recent years, our atmosphere is going terrible, the steadily rising concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
There are some factors led to this condition.
At the first, in the last few centuries, first coal, then oil and natural gas, have been burned for energy at a rapidly increasing rate.
The carbon contained in these fuels , and is being burned to carbon dioxide and poured into the atmosphere per day.
The second, there are too many cars in our city, which exhaust much fumes.
The third, to make matters worse, Earth's forests have been disappearing, and in the last couple of centuries quite rapidly.
We can't continue like this, we should do something to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
we must have new sources of fuel that don't involve the production of carbon dioxide, for example, the solar energy.
And then, we must save our forests and replant them.
As individuals, we should do something to protect our atmosphere, too.
We should be driving less, bus is a kind of good transportation.
And we should not cut any trees, we could plant some trees in our leisure time.
Foreign language college students will be announced in December 20, 2005 that year the English party will be held on December 31, 2005 ( Saturday) night in the auditorium at 7, singing, dancing, reading programs, drama, game etc.
finished.
I think that they can not ask themselves to do something, they are free in the college.
My name is L, I like traveling around the world.
Last year, I went to London for my summer vacation with my friends.
We got there by plane.
The weather there was wet.
We went to a lot of museums.
There were very boring.
The food there tasted really bad.
This year was quite different.
I went to Beijing with my family.
We got there by train.
The weather there was very cold.
We went to Tian'anmen Square, the Palace Museum and the Great Wall.
We took quite a few photos there.
The food there was delicious.
A mouth has passed since I entered the college.
I think we need to gain a lot of things like knowledge, friendship, ideal.
The first of all , some people think we should read selectively.
Because we can spend a lot of time reading too much books.
But others many people not agree.
Some people think we should read extensively.
A lifelong habit can start young.
The whole piece of the article is about the book of the author's life.
Firstly, Welty's mother read to her when she was very young and developed in her a strong love for books.
Secondly, Welty's parents did all they could to help her start reading on her own.
This further stimulating her interest in reading.
This article writing style is the exposition, and it's very delicate.
In one hand, the author make a point of vividly describing books' physical characteristic; In the other hand, about the story of a child to express the importance of books in his lifetime.
Knowledge is power.
All in all, of just want to tell us books are giving him a lifetime benefit.
However, we can also become the benefit of the book.
With the development of society.
Some people think that the previous work have no a good working environment .
The work can not be in a good mood.
some people can't get along with their former colleagues.
So they feel unhappy.most people think previous salary is too low .
The salary can not meet the needs of life .
I think they should learn more to be up to a tougher and discover the intersection of love advantage and value.
With the development of economy, we may feel that the weather is becoming more and more warmer and lead to global warming.
To blame are three factors.
First of all, poeple cut down treesand destoryed forests freely.
Second, lots of factories burned so much coal, oil and gas.
First, we must be determined to protect our earth, such as save our forests and even replant them.
Second, in order to prevent global warming, we can search of new sources of fuel that don't involve the production of carbon dioxide such as solar energy, the energy of waves, tides , wind and the Earth's interior heat.
Most of all, there is the direct use of solar energy.
And then, as a individual on the earth, we must strength our mind that we should try our best to stop global warming.
we can begin from ourselves and start from little things.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.
As we all know, one coin has two sides.
The same way be true of private car.
On the one hand, It's one of the most comfortable and convenient means of transportation.
You can go wherever you like in time instead of rushing in the crowed bus.
What's more, there is no doubt that private cars will have a great impact on the economic growth.
On the other hand, The development of the private cars will bring about a series of problems.
For example, the cars' exhaust leads the problem of Global Warming.
And the polluted air given off by cars will do great harm to our health.
As my opinion, private cars definitely benefit us.
However, we need to consider the problem that causes from cars.
After all, recognizing a problrm is the firet step in finding a solution.
We should looking for new energy replaces gas in order to ease the environment situation.
Altogether, we should not throw away an apple for its core.
We do what we should do, and we completed the speech excellent.
In this article, the author also suggests that making a necessary preparation, training some speech skills, such as use proper language in a specific environment, use language accurately, clearly, vividly.
Then, the author also says that the speaker's imagery is also very important, at least to wear clean and tidy.
In the recent years, the food safety is troubling in today's society.
the tainted milk and the chemical additives.
More and more food safety problems appear in people's life.
The reason why so many foods safety incidents .
I think the most Important reason is the one word : benefits.
When the people face the two choose: one is get the maximum benefits from abandon the integrity; another is the opposite.
I think they choose the former, they choose the benefits and abandon the integrity.
Yes, I believe that the choose is really difficultly but I want to tell the company that when you take a choose think more your customers who believe you so much, please.
So we have no way to change the people make choose in the temptation of interest, wo should strengthen ourselves in the food safe.
Nowadays, we often hear people's complains about academic dishonesty.
First, dishonesty puts a heavy burden on every campus.
Second, some students rely on the reference books too much, which is unfavorable to the improvement of their ability to work out the solutions for themselves, causing academic dishonesty problems.
For example , if most students cheat in the exam, those upright students will suffer great inequity and might lose the enthusiasm to continue their studying, which in turn influences Chinese education.
The prevalence of academic dishonesty is a problem in our society.
As a general rule, people like to help each other, but there are occasions when you shouldn't hesitate to say  no  .
Considering the above-mentioned, I think importance should be attached to the issue of academic dishonesty.
On no account should we cheat.
  The early bird catches the worn.
They listened to teachers carefully in classes while you're talking to others.
Usually, we can't aware of the importance of efforts until we fail just because we haven't got ready for this.
Tomorrow is my brother's birthday .
I am looking forward to it for long a time .
I will buy a gift for him .
I am not good at selecting gift .
Most of gift I bought does not accepted .
Next Saturday , he will become a bridegroom.
I come near it, and then touch it.
  Let me see, oh, I have impression about me.
Ok, in this case, seventy yuan.
Some university students who pursue fashion may buy many clothes to dress themselves in beautiful clothes.
Mobile phone is gaining increasing popularity and to be further embedded into our daily life.
Mobile phone plays an important role in our life.
family and friends, it is the essential instrument for communication, when we can not face to face talk.
we can talk each other about something that we want to know, and we can tell them our own situations as soon as possible.
When we find that there are something that we do not want to speak for some reasons, we can send messages to people with the mobile phone.
Meanwhile mobile phone is like the coin that has two sides.
Mobile phone has bad effect on our life that troubles us.
Sometimes we will have to answer some phones that we do not want to answer for some reasons.
Seriously , some people will spread rumours and false information with the phones.
From my perspective, we should make full use of the advantages of mobile phone and try our best to avoid its defects.
With the development of the society, the travel industry is more important.
Many people like traveling with their family or friends in the holiday.
The people hold different attitudes towards that issue of the University Campus be open to tourists.
On the one hand.
Some people contend that proved have many advantages to the economic development.
However , there are also some others who contend that shouldn't opened University Campus to tourists.
There is a good side and bad side to everything.
But in my mind , I stand on side of the latter opinion that shouldn't opended University Campus to tourists.
Pleased through the unremitting endeavor, I finally entered the university.
I think the university where we gain knowledge and life for our next four years or longer.
This is very importance and we must see clear why we go to college.
I think study is most important for our university life.
Moreover students society is importance, too.
They can make us have a lot of friends.
We need make a good plan for our study.
Can't always play until finish our university life.
Take an active part in students society.
A reservation is a recorded promise or guarantee of a table in a restaurant.
the table before he or she go to the restaurant.
Following is the advantages : For restaurants, it is helpful for making clear the number and names of guests, and also for guaranteeing the efficiency and quality of service work.
And it is helpful for making prepare before the guest come in.
For customers, the guest could eat the meal immediately when they are going to the restaurant.
Reservation may generally fall into five categories: spot reservation, communication reservation, instruction reservation, voluntary reservation and entrustment reservation.
Spot reservation is that the guest go to the hotel to have a conversation with the people concerned in the hotel and pay come cash in advance.
Communication reservation is that a guest makes a reservation by mail, telex or telephone and so on.
Instruction reservation is the one of having dinner after meeting for governmental organizations.
Voluntary reservation is an active way by which employees in a hotel go out to call on their guests on their own initiative so as to expand the market.
In my opinion, the restaurant had better make a message to the guest who had made a reservation to confirm it.
As a college student who has two years to learn skills and konwledge before graduating from school, i have my own ideas about the issuses that what jobs do college gradutes want to take.
We can see that the majorityof the gratudes prefer working in big and developed cities, taking on jobs with higher salaries, but not all of them can really attain this goal.
Actually , many gratudes devoted themselves to jobs which they don't enjoy even don't be satisified with at all.
Traditonaly girls takes on jobs that are easy or they always do servicely work.
By the contrst, boys are more likely do jobs which need more strenth and time.
With times goes on , there are some differences between the past and today.
AS a word , every gratudes has the right to choose his jobs .
What they should do is to choose the jobs that are best matching to them.
The most important of all, the idea cultivate the tacit understanding between each other, that make progress together.
In terms of its popularity, I think, the main reasons are as follows: in the first place, as we know, blog is just like diary, which can record our experience.
What's more, compared with diary, it can protect our privay better.
However, at the same time, there are also many problems in the blog.
For instance, because of its virtual, some false information and malicious speculation will inevitably happen.
Sure, sometimes, it even does harm to somebody's heart.
In a word, as a newly sprouted thing, blog has both strength and weakness.
So, what we should do is to avoid its weakness and try to take good use of strength.
An 87% year-to-year jump in Sina's operating costs in the second quarter is attributed in part to increased personnel costs for the salaries of high-level employees.
Best friend is the person who you want to share happiness and sadness.
If you achieve a great success, he will be with you and enjoy the joy of success with you.
Here are typical examples of my own experiences.
At the second semester of Grade One, I sign on the National Compter Ranking Examination.
While making the necessary preparations, I pass the exam finally.
I tell him the result by short message immediately.
Also, the life without failure is nor perfect life.
We should learn from failure.
At the same time, I do not get enough marks for my writing course.
When I know that, I feel very lost and doubt my ability to learn.
At that time, he comes to me and help me.
So at the next semester, I pass it smoothly.
But for his help, I can not pass easily, I think.
The best way to make campus life more colorful is to get ourselves a lot of meaningful things to do.
First, it is good for us to join some clubs which we are interested in.
As the old saying goes interest is the best teacher, we are more likely to make progress by doing what we prefer.
On the other hand, getting together with a group of people who have the same interest with us makes our life more interesting.
Second, reading various books is necessary.
We can experience different lives and get useful information from all kinds of books, which enrich ourselves and make us knowledgeable and wise.
Rich in knowledge, we can live a remarkable campus life.
Last but not in the least, taking part in more activities make our life more wonderful.
Nowadays more and more people are faced the job related stress, how to deal with the job related stress.
The function of interviews in hunting for a job is to assess the applicants and select the best candidate for the position.
There are many factors candidates must be aware of if they are going to achieve success, maybe one of the most important factors is the applicant's appearance.
First impressions do count and, if the interviewer does not get a good impression at the start, you are behind the others from the beginning.
Behavior is reflected in one's confidence and honesty in replying to questions.
Attending an interview is all about selling yourself; being able to convince the interviewer that you are the best person for the job.
The movie starred Helena Bonham Carter, Kenneth Branagh and Aidan Quinn.
The film tells the story about a young chemist created a large and ugly monster, because it's very ugly, the monster isn't accepted by people.
Frankenstein very popular.
Before winter, mother left withered leaves collected, ready to use in winter.
Insignificant squirrel also prepared for nuts for winter.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I felt very excited because I thought I will have a new school life, but I was not sure about myself in my new school as well.
So I also felt worried about it.
When I was a Freshmen, I was totally in a lost.
Everything was new to me, people, knowledge, environment and so on.
I was really confused and didn't know what to do.
Especially the method of learning was quite different from high school.
Everything was measured by yourself.
Teachers would never check your assignment, it totally depend on yourself.
But now I was used to the University study.
So what I want to say is that don't be afraid of the new things, maybe you will be confused but you can get over it soon.
And the University study depend on yourself, teacher will not check it.
Therefore, self-control and self-study are very important in University.
Besides, I think the library is a good place to study, you should often go there.
When we are longer , the more we say thank you to parents have become less and less .
The first aspect is that as we age .
we are unable to express gratitude to parents like when I was a child.
for granted.
We're living in a word which low-carbon lifestyle is becoming more and more popular.
As we college students, we should form a good habit to support this idea.
For example, instead of using the one-off chopsticks, we can take our owns when eating outside.
Besides, doing some outdoor activities is better than staying at the dormitory surfing the internet.
Also, it's essential to carry our own bags when shopping, for only one plastic bag may cause much pollution.
I want to be a top student, so i must do more practise.
I am not good at geography, i need to practise more often and listen to teacher more carefully.
I also must be very very polite, helpful and thoughtful.
Recent years a growing number of American venture capital and private equity have set up shop in Europe.
Europe offers interesting, albeit challenging, opportunities to companies outside silicon valley.
Most of the American VCs target the European market with a dedicated fund.
The VCs is gorwing steadily and we will see a very impressive number of global companies to be born in Europe.
China's economic is recovering day by day.
More and more universities students like to nest at home.
The boys play online games at home, and the girls watch Korean dramas.
College students benefited a lot from social practice.
It is obvious that social practice is playing a more and more important role in Chinese college education.
In my opinion, as a college student, I think it is necessary for college students to participant in social practice.
All these offer an important means for students to broaden their horizons.
In the festival firecrackers is Chinese traditional customs.
Because this is Chinese customs, have good moral, I think that should not be banned, but attention must be paid to the limit.
As a celebration, we can change the way of celebrating.
It was a good place to play but there were too many people in Disneyland .
that was rainy.
so we couldn't see the performance .
I thought it was very wonderful but a little tired .
There is not a second chance for you to begin over.
we love ourselves than our lovers, Even though she or he devote life to us , They seems to not important for us to give up my carrier and my familly in cruel society.
Love people, First to love myself.
No matter what happens to us , we will love ourselves than others.
Now there are so many people smoke though they know it does harm to their health.
When people start to smoking.
Different people have different reasons.
Some teenagers start to smoke out of curiosity.
They firstly try it, they can not be energetic any more without cigarettes since then on.
Some teenagers learn it from adults.
We know smoking has so many bad influences on our lungs.
It can make us breath hard.
After all, we should pay more attention to the influence of smoking.
If you want to give up smoking.
First you should have self confidence.
Second, you can eat something sweet when you want to smoke.
It may take long time to give up smoking.
It is located in Changchun the capital city of Jinlin province.
In the modern day with the development of science and technology, people's living standard is getting higher and higher.
However, our body get worse and worse.
Those people who have unhealthy lifestyle are experiencing health problems, such as obesity and heart disease.
The ailments, in turn, cause many psychological problems such as depression or anxiety.
So it is very important for us to have a healthy lifestyle.
First and foremost is the awareness.
We should attach importance to the health problems.
Only in this way can we keep healthy eating and drinking habits.
In short, we should have a healthy lifestyle.
At the first picture, I look at the children staying in his mother's legs.
The facial expression was very powerless, and the scene was sad.
at the same time, I feld the AIDS patient were very poor and unluckily.
However, we should care for the AIDS patients and we should change the point of view that we towards the AIDS patients before.
we weren't indifferent to them.
Because the people with AIDS should pay attention.
At the last picture, it seems that the people with AIDS were fast to fast towards deadly.
It promote that we should treasure life.
As is shown in the picture, we can see clearly the smiling young man is writing a signature on a pillar.
Ironically, although he wears fashion clothes, his ugly behaviour reveals the low quality.
There are serval factors leading to this phenomenon.
First of all, majority people incline to commemorate his journey.
Therefore some people paint on the historical sites.
In further, inadequate punishment results to uncivilized behaviors.
Some bored people do the harm to the historic site just for fun, while there is no fine.
As for me, I think we can avoid these uncivilized actions from ourselves, which includes littering, spitting and drawing.
The environment of tourism is on the base of tourist's protection.
I'm glad to receive your letter.
It has been a huge change after you left home.
We moved to a big house which is decorated when most people in our village moved to the well-appointed flat.
What's more, many home electronics such as telepones, televisions, washing machines and refrigerators came into our lifes.
Except those, we bought a tractor, a truck and a car.
Nowadays, government pay more attetion to the rural city construction so that our life is becoming better and better.
Along with the social development .
The Internet bring a lot of halp to make friends .
For example , we can find a lot of friend in Interner .
Convenience commnication between human beings .
Narrowed the distance between person and person .
We can tell each other worries .
And people can shopping in online too .
Internet make around the world people untie as on and interplay or understand one another .
However , the network also bring some bad thing .
For example , in Internet have a portion specially student .
Have a great many students were tricked .
Bearings to the society a bad effect .
So the young people should careful making friends .
And we don 't casual receive netfriend .
We should incorrectly treat the network .
Grasp it advantageous one sind and avoid bad side .
A public debate has arisen as to the phenomenon that if the university campus should be open to the tourists.
Many people oppose this viewpoint.
They argue that the university campus isn't a tourist attraction, but a place for students to study.
However, some people are in favor of it.
There is probably some truth in both arguments.
First of all, making the campus open to tourists will enhance the communication with the outside world, which can help a university to keep pace with the development of the society.
Secondly, the students in the university should make the acquaintance with kinds of people to widen their interpersonal relation net, which will be contributed by tourists' coming.
Furthermore, tourists can feel the cultural atmosphere of the university and be addicted.
To draw a conclusion, the university campus' being open to tourists is of benefit to both students and tourists.
The frustration is a part of life.
The undergraduates to the frustration of ability is bad.
As for school, they will be creating more outdoor activities, because of undergraduates need to get more exercise.
In the first place , we should walk or take a bike instead of drive cars , because cars not only cause serious pollution but also waste energy .
best not use plastic bags any more.
No one can stand white pollution .
turn off the running tap in time .
When people are concerned about your flying higher or higher, only a friend care about you fly tired, in fact, this is friendship.
Someone can say, love is an important thing in the world.
However, I assured say, love may fade, but friendship are year round.
I have a bossom friend, when I meet difficulty or depressed.
  Everytime i'm inspired, then get down to doing everything.
What's more, she usually share with me how to study and life, how to adjust motion.
She teach me play the guitar.
There is a proverb said: a friend in need is a friend in deed.
Certaintly, when you fall into trouble, and friends will comfort you.
Finally, choose an author as you choose a friend, we are treasure friendship.
I like my mother , my sister and my brother .
I think my father is a gentle man .
And when I want to compain about something , he will become a good listener.
I learn a lot from my father.
One reason is that our country is developing faster and faster, we have more opportunities to communicate with foreigners.
So it's very important for us to have a good knoeledge of English.
Another important reason is that I must study English well to pass the CET4 exam to get wy Degree Certificate as a university student.
We always hear people say what we eat or where we go.
As we all know, reading plays an important part in our life.
Reading could make people relaxed and knoeledgeable.
But some people wouldn't like to read, even hate reading.
As a student, my teachers stress the importance of reading more than once.
Indeed, reading can have a positive impact on us.
Reading can give us konwledge and some experience from the book which we read.
  Experience is the best teacher  , which was said by a philosopher in the ancient China.
By this token, we can learn many knowledge and experience by practise, and we can get sense of achievement from success.
In my opinion, i think we should balance them.
Only reading books, we cannot get experience; only doing practice, we cannot get the thoughts of other people.
Primary school, the first place l touch English knowledge.
At the beginning of the term, l always feel frustrated because I can't memorize new words deeply and read with pace.
This is results from several factors.
When l learn a new word , l feel happy for my progress.
  In addition, English can provide us for many helps.
As William Black to say:  The foll see the tree, and the wise see the tree, both of are not the same.
Many students will no longer pay attention to study, but playing games or sleep, spend the time on unnecessary things.
Our college is to study konwledge, not to waste time.
First, we should correct our thoughs, we must become hardworking to study.
Second, we should read some useful book.
For most countries, the economic growth has caused a disharmony between people and the environment.
With a rapid increase of population, a lack of resources exists.
For instance, water has become a luxury in some developing countries.
It is urgent to take certain measures to prevent the environment getting worse, however, we can do some simple things as a vulgar.
When we go out of our bedroom, we should take off the light immediately.
If everyone make a little contributions, our world will get better and better.
In my opinion, people can not imagine what our life will be without water, the amount of water we can drink is little.
there are many reasons resulting in water shortage.
Firstly, we pollute lots of clean water in our common life, such as throwing dead body of animals and poisonous medicine into lake.
As a citizen, the water resources protection is our duty.
On the one hand, we ourselves should save water and not pollute it.
On the other hand, we can persuade and appeal other people to protect water .
Some students agreed that students should choose books to read.
Through that , we not only gain knowledge but also broaden our horizon .
It is a long time since we met last time.
I miss you very much.
My life in the university started a month ago.
My idea of university has changed.
When I was in senior school, as you know, I thought the college life would be very relaxing , and we would have a lot of time to do what we like.
But after this month's study, I think university is a place where we can improve our skills, such as communicating skills, speaking skills, etc.
We should use our precious time in the university not only acquire the knowledge which we need, but also learn some skills.
To increase our cultivation, we can read some books.
Reading something about philosophy can make you become more logical, you can read some books whose authors are Plato, Aristotle, Hume, Spimnoza, Locke, John Deway and the other great thinkers.
History can let you know more about your country and the other countries in different periods, and you'll be talkative when you talk with different people, I'm sure you'll find satisfaction after talking.
Art can cultivate your interest, so you can find the happiness of life.
Summertimes is the best time of year.
In this summer holidays, I spent a large amount of time in staying at home.
I relaxed myself by reading books and watching TV.
I also hung out with my friends.
I got up a little late in the morning, but I insisted to eat breakfast.
I tried to my best to help my mother do some chores, and I tried to make a meal for my family.
During the holidays, I got a part-time job as a salesclerk, but two days later, my boss had to leave.
I earned one hundred yuan.
Finally, I chose to stay at home.
In fact, experience is more important than money.
Let us analyse something about the e-book .
Firstly, the current situation of the e-book: the manufacturing technology is not perfect and the price is high .
The development of e-books are a revolution.
It includes all kinds of modern high-technology achievements.
When we reading the e-book , it is more frivolous and just need consume some power .
As the carrier, storage capacity is infinite.
Besides, it can leave out the printing, warehousing and logistics link.
E-book sales can break through some problems : such as business premises.
E-book also confront some problems .
For the first, the prices of it is expensive .
Besides, The content of the e-book relatively scarce.
It is really impress in my memory.
It is big and beautiful.
My first teacher is a woman.
She is very strict in our study.
In fact , I think she is a good teacher like a strict mum.
She also tought us sports skills.
I alos remember her tought me my favourite sport, football.
I played football very well in grade 1.
My best is a lovely girl.
Beacuse I think she was like boy.
Her English was very good in my thought.
I'm l.
I think college is nice.
I have three years in this college.
In my part time, I want to look many books that I never look in high school , so I'll often go to look book.
As we all know, Wang Zhizhi is a hard-woring basketball player.
And he never give up.
At the 2010 Asian games of mens basketball finals, he also not let Chinese people down.
In the first half, he score without diffculty.
However, at the end of the game, his teammates is too tired to move.
Then, his rival is leading, while all of the teammate having no way to win the game.
He succeed in helping his teammate to score.
Form Wangzhizhi, I konw if you never give up, then you will be succseeful.
And they need not worry about the cash which they bring be stolen as they are walking in the street.
The third is that using credit cards can decrease the chance of receiving forged notes to the minimum.
So that getting a good education can enrich our personal ability .
The education is counts .
Therefore , someone who get a good education can make a good contribution to the society.
On my last holiday, I went to Wudadao with my parents.
There were many old family housesof some famous people.
There were many history of these people.
Then we took a carriage to look around the Wudadao.
There was another style and I felt it was historical.
I think our trip was very interesting.
He said, Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathenatics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
Suddenly, he saw a poor lady sitting on the floor.
But I will have no money to buy what I want.
. But, helping people is the most important thing to me!
After few minutes, The little boy decided to walked to the poor lady and gave the money to poor lady with a friendly big smile.
The poor lady got something she needed, and the little boy learned a lesson: ''Helping people is more important and happily than buying what he wants.
I think advertisement is blessing to us.
We are always seeing advertisement on TV or newspaper and video.
Maybe we thought they make us puzzle.
In my opinion, advertisement can give us much information to us about some new things.
So we can know what new things have been producted quickly.
Then ad can make us relaxing.
Because when we are watching a movie long time you need something to relax your eyes.
So at that time, you can take a rest.
And what's important, there is another kind of ad.
It can give you the information what you want know such as finding job, finding house or selling things.
When the host declared the outcome that another men own this year's nobel price, a response that it is likely that women shouldn't appear to be as smart as men is being made by plenty of people.
Until now, we have studied English for 7 years.
We always do exercise for listening.
Reading and writing all the time.
But we find a question is that students pay attention to spilling less and less.
I think the reason is we have to remember so many words.
So we have to think the way to solve this problem.
For example, we can get up early to read English words.
On the one hand, we can read English newspapers to increase our vacabulary.
On the other hand, we should try to use new words when we are writing.
Besides, when we listen to strange words, seeking them and keep in your mind.
What's more, these people lack awareness of ethic and they don't care for others' health.
However, if a foreign friend camn to my hometown, i would conduct him to enjoy the beautiful night sky, then you will see many light starts in the black night sky, you will listen to melodious bug tweet , listen to stream sounds.
with wind blowing you face.
Now, More and more students are banned in the classroom especially in the morning.
As the often pointed out by some people, It could agree that students have a breakfast or some snacks in the classroom, In their mind, Classroom not only is a place to study but also a home to entertainment.
When we have a long time to study and feel tried, Some food can help we concentrate on the study and so on.
But, The other people agree that banned in the classroom is a curse rather than a blessing, They think that it is brought some unfavorable problems, The major one is school.
If we all eating food in the classroom and put the rubbish in the classroom.
It will increase pressures on cleaner of the school.
In my opinion, As a student, Our real task is study and have a good habit.
In my famliy hane my mother father and i, first in activity we mutual send ones respects to, send regards to friends, second have a family dinner, last we watch TV.
Not only the brilliant runner, but also a world-famous football player met with success on the grounds of perseverance.
With no money, a poor boy called Beckham dreaming to take part in a professional team kicked cans every day in order to be skillful.
On the way to success, we may get into trouble, but we should never give up.
Second because reading can make us relax and enjoy the joy of the book.
As we all know, many students will cheat in exams.
I do not think so.
Not the same students are not the same reason.
Grade point average of students in order to pass the exam.
If they could not pass the exams, their teachers and parents will blame them, and their friends may be laughing at them.
So they had to cheat.
Some good students, they want to get a good mark, and they want the praise of teachers and parents.
If they had a nice result, everyone may envy them.
When I see when they get good grades by cheating, I will have the impulse to cheat.
But when I think of the honesty, I always hold back.
Everyone living in the world has their own goals.
Love and knowledge, it's very possible.
For getting a happy and stable life, that is to aspire but not everyone can get.
So I can say that these three passions is very important for me.
In recent decades, there has been a growing trend that people choose to travel in many places with China's economic prospect.
In the first place, there is some incontrovertible evidence to suggest that it is of great benefit for us to choose guided tour.
We do not have to care about the hotel, transportation and so on because the only thing we have to do is to pay for the travel agency.
What is more, there are several advantages that self-service trip on people.
According planning our own trip, we can go anywhere we want without the worries about other people's feeling.
Furthermore, we can determine the time we begin.
From my standpoint, I prefer to choose guided tour for the reason that I care about my safety more than any other thing just like freedom.
As is indicated by the chart, there have been dramatic changes in the quantity of cell phone users.
It has soared from 500 in1999 to 900 in 2000, during the short period.
Firstly, what the development of technology has brought up can contribute to the popularity of phones.
Secondly, it's convenient for people to carry something protable with them.
From my perspective, its benefits do overweigh its defects heavily.
Although to a certain degree, the overuse of phones does harm to people's health.
A man without proper use of the tool which is widely used, is more inclined to suffer both body and mental illness.
In the chinese textbook in senior high school, there's an essay written by Woolf titled The Mark On the Wall---her first work in the stream of consciousness, which confused me a lot.
However, I became interested in the author Virginia Woolf.
And her another work A Room of One's Own has struck a chord in my heart, quite resonated.
Now comes To the Lighthouse.
Before this, let's take a short view at Woolf and her works.
Her insight into our emotions, feelings and thought processes shows a complex understanding of human nature that even therapists would envy.
She brings changes in everyday relatioonships to life, invoking inner perceptions and presenting dialogues with a subtlety that is missing from TV series.
Woolf herself is a sensitive individual and her writings are filled with the vitality of people's changing emotions.
form of her works is the stream of consciousness.
The key figures the book shows are Mr. and Mrs. Ramsay, two characters representing different ways of seeing the world.
Different thought processes create different results.
Ramsay is an earth mother  , sensitive and emotional, with a very subjective attitude toward things, like the ordinary female.
This novel throws up some big questions in life.
Mr.
These are brought to the matter of philosophy.
To the Lighthouse highlights the difficulties we have in pinning relationships and experience down.
That's where it attracts me.
As Naomi Bran's survey conveys that what they like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other can reach them.
In my view, college students' attitude towards cellphone could be described like this what they like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people they don't like disturb them.
I expect I will make more friends and read more useful books.
The Internet plays a important role in our daily life.
More and more people rely on it.
Eveyone need Internet.
It make long distance short.
People can chat by email, qq and facetime.
If you are too lazy to shopping, also you can buy something on the Internet.
Internet has so large infomation that we can find everything we want.
The pretty pictures, the songful musics, the famous movies, the interesting wedsite, ect.
Internet has everything that includes you can't imagine.
But nothing is perfect.
The internet also has shortcoming.
It's so convenient that some evildoers use internet threat others.
In my opions, the Internet is a two-edged sword.
We need to distingguish which is right and which is false.
You must try your best to fit the conditions .
Making some lists and spending more time in working something you are interested in.
Arroding to the large export order, a foregin language training for some staff who can't communicate well with others by English is necessary.
For example, many people go to KTV to release their emotions.
But, undoubtedly, overly amusement also make up some damages to our society.
On the one hand, it was easy to bring up man's laziness.
I read an email from Canadian student on P71 of the students' books.
In school there are eight classes a day.
A lesson about fourty-five minutes.
We have a two hour lunch break.
We have seven kinds of lessons .
They are Chinese, Mathes, Englinsh, Physics, Chemistry, History, Geography and Politics.
After school we have all kinds of activities.
Some of students play sports in the stadium or playground.
Some of students do the experiments in the laboratory.
As far as we know, to Chinese people, nothing is more important than the Chinese Spring Festive.
People celebrate it in a magnificent manner.
Before the Chinese Spring Festival, people always buy new cloths.
What's more, there is a common phenomenon that almost every families paste the couplets on walls.
During the Chinese Spring Festival, people often have a new year's eve feast which is really a huge meal in the New year's eve.
Children like making firecracker.
So according to these examples, we can see that they have cultural backgrounds and origins, but the two essential holidays also have several similarities.
We are pleased to advise you that your goods under the Sales Confirmation have been shipped by S.
Pearl  , then transshipped by S.
And we also need to find the happiness, the true happiness come from our deep heart which can't be measured by money, I am in trouble in my life now, but I still remember such a sentence I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards which encourages me all the time.
Frist, you can take part in a Chinese club, in the club, you can learn some very good waies to how to learn chinese well.
Second, you can watch chinese TV, and so on.
Fourth, you can make some chinese friends, you can make friend in chinese club, beacuse in the club you and your classmate have some insterests in common.
If you have some insterests in common your will be in friend very fast.
Nowadays internet become more and more helpful and important in people's lifes.
But there are also many troubles beacause of internet.
Internet makes life more convinient.
In the past, people had to go out for shoping if they want to buy something they needed.
But now, we can stay at home and just click the mouse.
The products will come to your house in just some minutes or a few hours.
We can get messages in internet.
You can get news from all over the world where'er you are.
Sit on your chair what you need is just a computer then you can get any information you want.
There are many bad things in the internet.
Such as the vedio about violence the images about eros.
There are also many problems because of internet .
But I think the most important is what we do.
Hainan is in the south of China.
It is the second largest island in China and it's very beautiful.
Hainan is famous for its blue sky, fresh air and sea.
It's warm in winter that many tours set come here in winter.
There are many scenery in it, such as Wuzhi mountain, Wanquan river and so on.
And Hainan is surrounded by the sea.
So the Hainan's seafood is very famous.
The fruits in Hainan almost tropicana fruits, example coconuts, bananas, pineapples.
If you come to Hainan you'll feel people in Hainan are in a very friendly way.
My life in the future will be colorful and meaningful.
I think I want to be a great doctor.
Successful are those who are willing to take pains.
The future to find a good job.
Then buy the house and car.
To find a wife.
And mom and dad happy life together.
Holiday time and family to go out to travel.
And friends to drink tea, play a play.
At work, do your best to save more people.
Let more people out of the pain of torture.
Ordinary over their life.
There are mang different animals from different countries.
They are white and black .
They are antional treasure.
And I like monkeys , too.
They are kind for people.
They are very funny.
They can cilmb trees.
I'm very happy to introduce miss suan to you.miss san was a secretary in my office in the past two years.
Dring the working time, she was very struggling and responsible for her work .
On the other hand , she is good at English and German so she is able to do some interpretation work.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying private cars.
When it bring us convenience also bring something we don't want.
Example it make the environment more and more bad and cause the traffic jam.
It's make people become more lazy than before.
It's not good for our health.
But in the other hand, it make our life more convenience than we don't have it.
Peoleo who want to go to the distance can choose to drive private car.
It maybe more free.
The privent cars have two face, on the one hand is good, on the other hand is bad.
Nowday, students'cheating is a popular phenomenon in the society.
Most people don't know why students need cheat in the exams.
For the students who always fail in the exams, they cheat only expect to get a better grades, so that they can avoid always being the last ones of all students.
At the same time, if they couldn't make great progress, their parents and teachers may scold them.
For the students who are regarded as the top students, they are used to enjoying others students envy.
For them, they are not satisfied with grades they have got.
But they choose the wrong way.
In my opinion, it is important for students to build up right attitude before exams.
They should know character is more important than grades and they should also realize that they can't always get good grades by cheating in the exams.
The only way to get good grades is studying hard.
The most important thing to avoid cheating is that parents and teachers shouldn't make students be limited by so much pressure.
A famous actor called Cheng Long once said a sentence: No business, no killing in a commercial.
Obviously, if no one needs the things of animals, people will not kill them cruelly.
It's wrong for people to hunt animals for their meat, fur, and feather.
However, many people still have the bad habit of eating animals' meat.
So a lot of restaurants prepared many dishes of animals in order to meet various customers' need.
Actually, this world is a chain.
Every kind of animal has its own place in the balance of nature.
So killing animals can create many problems.
There are more and more endangered animals at present.
Luckily, some people are working to help save the animals and get the government to pass law protecting animals in danger.
And experts also have been trying to persuade people who have the bad habit not to eat animals by all means.
But there're still some people don't take care of that words and do what they used to do as usual.
Protecting animals don't rely on stoping hunting and ordering restaurants not to sell them.
And I think the customers who eat wild animals' meat are to blame seriously more than sellers.
It's easy to see that if no one buys, hunters will not be crazy about killing them.
When the buying stops, the killing can, too.
At the same time, hunters must be punished, too.
I hope everyone can do something for animals.
From the picture , we can see that online rumors has a negative influence on us .
There are some ways in the following , we should learn to differ the bad from the good , and we should do it by ourselves.
First of all, chinese people learning style is diverse.
Chinese people have a clever mind, for us, and constantly to learn the different kinds of knowledge is a shortcut to enrich our experience.
And then, in china, most chinese people are suffering from a examination education influence, so learning style and some invariable and preciseness.
So, the chinese learning style is a combination of diversification and rigid change.
As is known to us all, different people have different ways in study.
To be honest , different people have different way in learning.
Some way is good for study as well as some ways is bad for study.
For example , some students like reading at morning and writing at night, because they think their memory is the strongest at moring so that they can remenber the knowlledge quickly .
As for as I am concerned, my way of study is very practional.
Firstly, I get up early everyday so that I have the time to read words and article and then I can keep them in my mind quickly.
A Successful Speech on Hitler's Invasion of the U.
Thanks to the NAFTA , the deficits and job loss have accelerated in U.
While the U.
S. government push forword to promote Fast Track trade policies, without step back for a stratigic pause to consider Thoroughly the following : igoring the imports and counting only exports; the manufacturing sector suffer the greatest job loss; the susutained and substantial appreciation of the U.
Situated at the north-western tip of Jiangxi county, bordering Fengxin county with a small winding river is my l old hometown, the humble and bleak industry and relatively highly developed forestry and tourism village.
Because death penalty is simply a violent punishment of the body, it can neither transform their mind nor change their nature, for it allows no opportunity for the correction in mind .
I acquired a lot.
In my heart, I am really appreciate him .
In this story, three people arrived at the centre of the earth by chance.
The process of escaping was so excited that I was deeply attracted by it.
I really like this film, which told a so exciting story.
It has opened my eyes and made me fall in love with this kind of films.
I have also learned some qualities from the characters.
We should be brave to face all kinds of problems in our daily lives.
Luo xuejuan Nickname is lolo, 23 years old.
She is very like the swimming, swimming training since she was young.
Since 2000, has won many national games and the Asian games champion luo xuejuan, broken national breaststroke records and Asian record for many times, and won a good ranking in the world.
This winter holiday my friends and I had a trip to a southern Chinese city last week.
We got together at the airport at about 7 o'clock.
We arrive there at 9 o'clock.
We had a great trip.
Firstly, we went to the Green Farm by car for 20 minutes in the morning.
And then, we picked vegetables and watered the plants.
We helped each other.
At about 12 o'clock, we ate some delicious healthy food.
We ate very well, and didn't produce waste.
This activity can help us to experience the daily life in the farm and develop the ability to do farm work.
It is approximately 6 cm long and 3 cm wide.
Protable as it is, I can use it to connect with anyone I want in any place.
It's made of metal .
And then there are the succession , wash the cars.
Especially good physically ability.
It's universally acknowledged that a number of students in the universities like to find part-time jobs, and the part-time jobs more and more popular to college students.
As for the advantages and disadvantages of college students' taking a part-time job, everyone has their own opinion.
Firstly, a part-time job can let us earn some money.
it can reduce our parents' stress, or it may not a large number of money, but it earn by ourselves, we must be very happy that we are independent to do something without our parents.
Secondly, we can contact with more people and make friends with them.
Usually, we only communicate with our parents, teachers and schoolmates, so it's the best way to populate our network.
Third, some people say that we don't have experience and it will create new opportunities for criminals.
And those experiences can make our have more advantages when we find a job in the future.
However, in the final exam, she got only thirty seven in her English.
She was so sad and did not talk with anyone.
What an unethical person.
I could not help saying loudly, Lady, please come here and keep the road clean.
She has never affected other people's rights.
Sam and Tom are good friends.
They have someways the same and some difference.
Sam is smarter than Tom, and Sam is also taller than Tom.
But Sam is not as thin as Tom, he is heavier than Tom.
So Tom runs faster than Sam.
Though they get up as early as each other.
But Tom is not so hard-working as Sam.
But he is friendlier than Sam.
It can bring disease.
I miss you very much.
I write the letter to tell you that my birthday is coming, I am going to have a big birthday party to celebrate it at Van Gogh Art College of art in London.
I really hope you can come so we can play and sing songs together.
That must be a happy time.
The birthday party is going to start at twelve o'clock and end at two o'clock in the afternoon.
I think it is convenient for you to come at that time, so I want to invite you to come to my birthday party.
My mother is going to make all Kinds of delicious food for us, so you don't need to bring any food if you come.
As we know, there are more and more students which graduated from the high schools enter the universities.
Like the saying goes:  as a coin has two points  .
The intake expansion give more chances to the students to learn more knowledges .
At the same time.
it also lead to many problemsfor the students coming.
To begin with , the traffiic are very heavy than before.
Futher more , it cause a lot of pollutions , such as air pollution, noise pollution and water pollution.
Aa far as I am conccerned , I think we should develop our traffic symstem for making it convenient for people to go to school and go shoppingsa well as others.
For a mean while, we should pay more attention to protect our enviroment from now on, and everything as we can as possible.
At last but not at least, it is important to devolop our economic to creat more chances for jobs.
As far as I know, it's the Spring Festival that is regarded as the most important festival in China.
Before the Spring Festival, people do some cleaning.
It's thought that bad luck will be swept away.
The couplet that put up on the door is necessary.
During the Spring Festival, If the family didn't get together, it would be a pity all over the year.
In addition, people dress themselves and send greetings to others with smile on their faces.
Last but not in the least, it is considered that the firecraker will bring good luck.
There is a developing country in Europe where I dream to visit.
Situated in the middle of Europe, Switzerland takes an area of fourty one thousand square kilometers.
There are seven point five billion people live inSwitzerland.
With many famous cities, such as Berne, the capital city of Switzerland and Geneva, one of the most famous cities in the world, Switzerland attacks me a lot.
Austria, France, Italy and Germany lie around Switzerland.
Switzerland is a fascinating country with many beautiful places.
What's more, it is known as the World Garden.
That is why I dream of visiting there.
I think Switzerland is a wonderful country with comfortable lifestyle.
It is said that fat people usually kind and humorous.
Before the thing I always thought alone at home is very good.
One day, my parents interim decision on a business trip, and I only alone at home.
On Saturday, my best friend and I played outside all day.
We went to see a movie, went shopping, and went to the supermarket to buy snacks and drink.
After the home, I was watching TV while eating snacks.
The second day wake up has arrived at noon.
And I have a stomachache because last night I ate too many snacks.
I don't know how to take medicine and how to go to the hospital.
I lay in the bad until my parents come back at noon.
When they went home, they took me to hospital.
But we can probably divided into two categories.
They said no matter whether they read literature continues to their life .
Another part think it is very important in their life .
them treat it as a part of their vital .
I take part in lots of activities in my free time.
For example, I always try to have club activities.
At the weekends, I often go to the playground to do some sports with my friends.
I think that it can make me more healthy, make our friendship closer as well.
By joining in these activities, I want to give some advice how to choose activities to students.
First, we need choose which we like best to participate in, because that it's good for us to enjoy activities better.
No matter how, I encourage students take part in after-school activities actively.
All students try their best studying in high school , because every one want to go to a good university .
They think that going into the college means having a fine work .
Some people said the university is a small society .
Students in the college should try to adjust the life that they will face in the future, I support this opinion .
When the time in the university goes by, They will suddenly find that they have learned nothing .
In my opinion , we should try our best to learn professional knowledge and get in touch with the society as quickly as possible .
College is only a platform for students to touch the society early .
Through the wonders of modern technology, a mushroom of people would rather work at home than in the company.
As for this phenomenon, different people have different ideas.
Someone claims that it is beneficial for workers.
While others argue that working at home enhances not only workers'efficiency but also cut employee's expenses down obviously such as the rent.
First of all, people can take advantage of their time to do many things simultaneously rather than waiting for getting off working after finished their works.
For example, when workers do their tasks, they can also cook lunch.
Maybe you will conclude that it is just good for workers from this aspect.
However, in fact it make us feel passion ate about work.
On the other hand, they are able to fulfill their works perfectly.
Furthermore, If people work at home, employees need not hire an office where they work together with others.
Last but not least, we don't have to spend a lot of time on the way to the company.
In short, working at home has some advantages over working in the corporations.
First, I think this activity is of great importance.
It is aimed st teaching us some knowledge and skills which can save our life when an incident happens.
Second, I must point out that error in the progress.
Many of us do not attach enough importance to it.
Last, I'd like to give some advice.
Listen to the teachers and obey the orders.
Keep calm and look at around.
Some people believe that we should help strangers.
They think help strangers is a virtue.
The Spring Festival in My Hometown, a few days before it, many will go out to purchase, New Year's eve that day we'll stick in your own door cowplet, each major market will hang a lantern.
In the New Year's eve that night the family get together to eat hot pot, watching the Spring Festival evening party, the next day morning, to eat glutinous rice balls to represent one family together.
My favourite famous person is Albert Einstein.
His attempt to explain the working of the universe helped create such things as nuclear energy space travel and television.
The modest Einstein used to say that the only gift he had was curiosity .
, i prefer his sense of humor.
in this unit, i learn more about Albert Einstein, he is not only a great man but also a man who had a sense of humor .
He let the driver instead him to attend the lecture , and When his driver was has a trouble by one question , he is very clever that he told that man his drive can complete this question .
and that two people meshed with each other smoothly .
while they drive back .
Einstein had a sense of humor to said that it's pleasure to be Hans driver.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, English is an international language, and we communicate with foreigners in English.
Secondly, learning English can improve our ability, for example, if we learn English well can read foreign literature.
Finally, English is a subject for our students which we must learn, because if we want to graduate from university successfully, we must pass the English examination.
Clap hands with them.
I get up at eight o'clock on Saturday.
I have breakfast at half past eight.
I do homework at nine o'clock after breakfast.
At ten o'clock, I have a break at home and Iplay games with my brother.
I have lunch at half past twelve.
I read books at two o'clock in the afternoon.
I am L, I saw an advertisement which want a kingdergarten teacher from the newspaper.
I think this job is suitable for me.
I graduated from the university recently, I am an outgoing boy when I studyed in the school.
I can get alone with the kids easliy, because during studyed at school , I usually went to the nursing home to look after the old people whoes familys did not have time to stay with them as a volunteer.
I told many interesting storys to them, they were satisfied of my work.
I know this work need kindness and patience, and of course patience is improtant for many jobs.
The winter holiday is coming, in order to make his holiday Meaningful, he makes a winter timetable: Get up at half past eight every morning and have a healthy delicious breakfast.
He does his homework carefully from nine to half past ten.
And then he does exercise until half past eleven.
he goes back home at twelve and have a delicious lunch.
He has an English class or a computer class from one o'clock to three o'clock in the afternoon.
My grandfather-a tumor doctor who is still at work now.
He is more than 70.
so, this is one of the reasons I admire him.
When I was still a little girl, he always tell me some philosophy about life.
It makes me become a person who have a good quality.
My parents.my mother is a chemistry teacher and my father is a doctor, too.
They are the person who love me most in this world.
They are the only person who don't ask any repay when they give us the everything.
The honest emotion in the world is the family affection.
Today, the pace of life is increasing with the technological advancements.
As we open the eyes in the morning, we must do things quickly, or we couldn't get them done on time.
We are busy working and don't have time to eat meals made by ourselves.
We would go to restaurant to eat fast food or buy some convenience food in the supermarket.
We dislike waiting, so we take medicine instead of traditional Chinese herbs.
On the contrary, I think the slow-paced lifestyle is better.
Endeavor to put brakes on the quick-fix lifestyle, and you may feel relaxed.
You can do TaiChi, practice yoga or jog in the morning.
In a word, existing on the earth, we must learn how to live.
We work to live, that is, we need to work to make money, but we needn't to work all the time so that we even have no time to eat, to play.
What we need most is enjoying our life.
The evolution of a modern economy.
Nowadays, more and more person like shopping on the Internet.
Online shopping is soaring fashionable.
Students like shopping on the Internet because there are many pretty clothes that is cheaper than stores.
Students have no a little of pocket money, online shopping can meet students need.
So students like shopping on the Internet.
The aged also like online shopping, they sometimes have physically problem, so online shopping is convenient.
However, each coin has two sides.
I think we should look the shopkeepers credit and the buyers evaluate, and compare with the others store.
Choose the best one and purchase it.
If we can control ourselves well with strong will, we can achieve anything.
But it is generally believed that the above mentioned reasons are commonly convincing.
Recently, I make a survey about the middle school students in grade two that what they want to speak out most.
Here are the results, the suggestion that they give to the headmaster is to create a beautiful environment.
The more beautiful thing they can see, the better they will do.
And then, they should organize more after school activities so that students will be relaxed after finish too much homework.
To teachers: teachers should give more time for students to think by themselves.
The final wave is to parents.
Parents are the light in our life.
When we get into trouble, parents should give us suggestions and let us get over it independence.
As we all know, everyone has his own life.
What defines life excellent or terrible is up to individual attitude.
So from my point of view, I absolutely believe that life is the greatest teacher.
In the first place, life can guide us to live better.
Once we have goals in the life, we will stick to it all the time.
And then what is prospected appears and moves forwards.
Next, one day when we look back, we will realize that we learn a lot.
Eventually, we can easily reach the conclusion that life is the greatest teacher who teaches us that happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life.
Recently, there is a point of view that experience without learning is better than learning without experience let me think deeply.
I think what they said is reasonable.
Marks depends on your abilities, and all of your marks just proof your abilities, so abilities is the ultimate object.
By the time gose by, car has become an important part in our daily life.
Though it's convinent, it also cause many car accident.
It's not what we want.
Every year, drunken driving, which cause many accident, makes us fell terrible.
People often drive their car out for dinner or for party, after a happy night, many of them have already drunk a lot.
Of caurse, it's not a good choice for them to drive back now.
But many of them can not realize how foolish what they do next.
I hope car can become a real assistant.
but not a killer.
When I was only 12 years old I met Linda for the first time.
Gradually, we became the best friends.
The first day we came to middle school wearing the school uniform, we were introducing ourselves to new classmates.
I said hello to her passionately, but she replied coldly.
So over a long period, I had regarded Linda as a person who is difficult to get along with.
Year passed, we went to school together by bicycle, got close with each other.
Till that tme, I found that she is an open-hearted but also sensitive girl.
Because of the  open-hearted  .
we keep no secrets from each other, but quarrel occasionally as well.
The thing I admire her most was that this year her mother unfortunately died because of the cancer, I was very worried about her mental state.
Five years passed, we grew up together.
When they sleep, they don't eat any food.
Because, the eagle often eat the tortoise with sharp mouth.
As one saying goes: Ten years out of sharpening sharp, sword-jun to knowledge only pending.
As we know, different countries have different cultures.
And with the development of the society, more and more people will travel around to see different scenery and relax themselves.
So there are more communications between countries.
And in order to avoid embarrassment between countries, people should have a better solution to the problem of culture conflict.
And as this is true of the politics and economy, so it is true of the culture.
In order to make the world become more and more colorful, we should keep the little difference  .
So when you are traveling around, you should follow the local custom as possible as you can.
Second, follow the local custom can help you understand the different cultures better.
This is also the purpose of most people for travel to another country.
In short, we should respect and protect the different cultures.
Second, you are neighbors, maybe you can play with her together at weekend.
Under the era background of the open-policy , we opend the first barbershop at this place where attrtacts large numbers of people to try new things they curious want to .
My favourite place at school is the reading room .
because it's very big and bright.
There are also a lot of useful books.newspapers and magazines there.
I like reading booksand magazines there beacuse They not only provide me with much knowledge.
but also help me learn a lot about what is happening around the world.
sometimes I even feel Ican have a take with the people in the books.
Icanalso relax myself in the reading room.
when Ifeel tired and unhappy.
the reading room is the best place to go to.
Reading helps me forget all my troubles to a word.
I think we should pursue knowledge, friendship and love in college.
This knowledge includes professional knowledge and general knowledge.
And it's good to make a girlfriend in college.
For many collage students dormitory life is the new.
There is an increasing interest in dormitory life.
However other people stand on a different ground.
They think dormitory life is very tired.
You must have a good habit.
There is some truth in both arguments.
In our life, teachers is always told us what is wrong and what is right.
They not only take good care of us like our'parents but also communication with us.
Nowadays, education has become every country's most significant problem in this society.
For a university, the students' learning ability is truly crucial.
At the same time, the moral education is an essential aspect.
As a student, learning is not all.
We should develop a more comprehensive and do an equally good in character.
So school education in addition to the training of students' learning ability, but also should pay attention to such as filial piety, honesty and cultivation.
Only a man of noble character can let all people respect.
While at work, often such people will gain more favor.
Of course, not to say the ability is not important.
So I hope the school can develop, paying more attention to moral.
Mobile communication is a single one, and our human feelings are rich.
For example, at dinner time only to play phone.
Lacking of communication.
Each other's feelings will fade.
Finally, the impact of the mobile phone is bad for people and people, in the ordinary we should play less mobile phone more communication.
Overcrowding in cities includes heavy traffic and crowded.
The unreasonable traffic structure is the cause of urban heavy traffic.
Car more and rood less is the another reason.
To solve this current situation, inprove road network structure is the key.
The people crowed is the other overcrowding in cities.
Cities are attractive and colorful.
It have good education.
So many people come to cities to catch superior education.
It is so many opportunities to make money that many people leave home to big city.
To solve this situation , i think government should realize the education fair.
Send more good educator to teaching in the countryside.
Goverment should set up more factories , increase more employment opportunities in the contryside.
In the era of globalization, which calls for plenty of miscellaneous person.
Therefore, our undergraduates need to be confident enough to learn more skills so as to get accustomed to society early.
So we must attach much importance to how to develop self-confidence, which was deemed as the hottest questions among all the colleges.
To start with, you must believe yourself, which as the foundation of individuals growth as well as our society thrives, has far-reaching influences to our personal development.
There are lots of reports about juvenile delinquencies, which just has become as common as flies in our daily life.
I think this all can be attributed to our adolescences lack of self-confidence , they are not confident, even self-abased.
If they can be confident enough to open their closed inner world, they would not be able to embark on the criminal road.
Secondly, absorbing knowledge, which assumes equal importance of that of belief.
If you are professional or skilled, for example, surely you will be superior to other people.
In conclusion, self-confidence is indispensable for individuals which depend personal belief, knowledge as well as consciousness.
the Online reading is popular.
A lot of people very like online reading decause online reading is very protable.
Online reading don't spent money.
I tink the trditional reading is good at eye dut you spent money .
The first, when we find someone do something illegally, we will search the evidences .
Then we charge him or her on court.
At last lawers debate each other.
Finally the foreman annonces someone is guilty.
The second, if we can not find the evidences to prove someone is guilty, we couldnot say he or she is guity.
Or we couldbe illegal.
Xian Xinghai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music who is famous for the song  The Yellow River  .
He composed it in 1939.
The great composer was born in Macao, China,1905.
Later he studied in Paris to learn to write music.
He used to create a lot of amazing pieces of traditional Chinese music and became very famous.
He was called the  People's Musician  , however, it's a pity that he passed away when he was only 40 years old in 1945.
But his songs are still popular today especially with old people.
As we can see from the picture, everyone is focus their attention on the cellphone while put the dishes aside and don't say anything to others but entertain themselves.
They don't talk to those who face to them but chat with their 'friends' on the internet.
This picture dose reflects a thought-provoking social phenomenon.
Nowadays smartphone as a portable device that changed the way we live and work and study is more and more popular with us and cannot be separated.
Indeed, smartphone brings us so much convenience in our life.
For example, it's narrowing the distance between people in terms of space, and we can solve some problems through the Internet on smartphone.
As the time of spent on using smartphone is on the rise, face-to-face communication has decrease rapidly, it can do a lot of damage to interpersonal relationships.
In order to prevent such embarrassing scence typified in the picture, we should use our cellphone in a suitable way and a right time, we should put it down when we chatting face-to-face, we must interact with others actively in social activities.
As the saying goes, the strong will is important guarantee to succeed.
The man have firmly will can achieve the great mission.
The students also like this, if haven't hard study, they never become a competent man in the end.
I think it is important for us to read books.
AS us growing, reading a good book can help us get knowledge.
It can help us understand many things.
We can bronden our horizons by reading.
It can improve our imagination.
By reading, we can learn about the world better.
Book is our best friend.
For example, many famous people in history all think reading can help peoplea lot.
When we enjoy reading, we are spending fantastic time.
Different people like reading different kinds of books, such as novels, poem, stories.
These books can all help us become happy.
So I think reading is important.
One day, he returned home from school and shouted excitedly: Mom, I'm going to play football with my friends now.
For example, lessons in Math and English so that not forget too much.
Reading is a meaningful thing, so I will take seriously.
As the proverb goes: failure is the mother of success.
We may face the failures in daily life.
It is commonly believed that failures are unavailable.
But people still have different choices.
For example, some people may lose their heart and give up working hard.
On the contrary, the others probably take an active attitude in their failures.
In my opinion, the latter is worth learning.
From another perspective, they know they have a long way to go.
They will succeed one day.
Some people hold the belief that formal examination is the only reliable and feasible method to measure a person's ability.
While others argue that it is out of date.
To begin with the word  high scores but low abilities  .
It shows that nowadays, the disadvantages of the formal examination has been exposed.
Examination is just a method to check your learning ability.
A person who can learn well doesn't mean he can use the knowledge well.
That is to say, examination can't represent a person's ability to put knowledge into practice.
Furthermore, we need to remember that examination isn't reliable because the test results have a chance.
As a result of many factors, even a clever people may also get a poor mark in formal examination.
In a word, i don't think Formal Examination is reliable and feasible.
It is a great honour for me to make this speech.
What impressed most was she do this without thinking of the financial woes.
No wonder that her mother has no choice but to kneel down with tears.
There is a growing trend that more and more children like this girl ask for luxury goods instead of being freed from financial dependence on their parents.
Tlerefore, it's essential to parents to teach their kids how to depend on themselves.
Besides, every child should take account of the family's financial condition rather than purchase things unrestrictedly.
What irritates me is that a proportion of students endeavor to enjoy luxuries instead of being engrossed in academic experiments.
If you want to look for a good job, you must pass company's interview.
During the interview, if you make a good impression to the company, the job may fit in you.
First, if you want to succeed in a job interview, you should correct your attitude.
And I think you would not show you too confident, or too nervious.
Second, on that day, you'd better to wear a suit and correct you behavior.
It's best not to wear new clothes, put on your normal suit, you would feel more comfortable.
Third, always smile, leave a good impression.
And then, when you speak, you'd better to use honorific.
THe last one, when you introduce your major, I think explaining your own professional knowledge as detailed as possible.
Beyond all doubt, family love is in the first row.
Eveyone has his or hers own admire person, and the person may be your teacher or parents .
Different people have different admire a person .
Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the USA, and he wrote the Declaration of Independence .
He was an expert in agriculture , archeology, and medicine.
He influenced architecture throughout America , and he was constantly producing devices for making the tasks of ordinary life easier to perform.
There is much that I can learn from him.
First, go and see , we should obtain knowledge from many source besides book and personal investigation is essential .
We can learn the different thing from the different people .
Third, we should judge for ourselves.
Different people have different views on to be professional or to be erudite.
Some hold that to be professional is more significant than to be erudite, because it is impossible to learn a various of subjects well to a person for there is not enough energy and time.
Yet, others believe that those who are erudite has advantages over those who are professional.
To be honest, I hold the view that being professional and being erudite are of equal importance.
Actually, it takes being professional to erudite as it takes being erudite to professional.
For instance, when majoring in broadcaster, one must know it is necessary to be erudite.
Otherwise, the words from Bai Yansong can't be profound.
Of course, this is also connected with organization skills of language.
As we all know, with the development of computer technology, our world has changed well.
On the other hand, inter-disciplinary talents are the apple in the eyes of today's society, but to be a inter-disciplinary talent, you must master your profession well at first, then you will expand your scope of knowledge.
Even in ancient times, there may not be accurate all-rounder, let alone in today's society.
Therefore, we should pursue deep single-pointedness on the basis of erudition to broad but refined, specialized state, we must know it's difficult to be professional without erudition.
Now, we attended college, facing a bigger changelage for ourselves.
Some students think of that they con't do well things by themselves, dare not to attend some action in spite of sghool's or class's, they are worry about they do not well and make mistakes.
I think we shoud belive ourselves, who can do well by effort.
We should take part in actively actions, con show better ourselves, are good at showing ourselves advantagements.
We might also be communicate with well others, make friends with other students.
We should try to do excuse to make you better and improve the independent of ability, which can alse set up confident.
So, we don't care of youself con; t do, we should belive ourselves.
Nowadays, there are more and more people coming to the cities.
Overcrowding in cities really lead to so many problems, which needs people to pay more attentions.
On the one hand, the resources of the cities is far away enough.
Maybe in some corners, the poor couldn't have the necessary food in their tough life.
On the other hand, because so many people in cities, it has a big influence in the environment.
It's high time to take some measures.
So first we should control the number of people, maybe the rural is a good place for some people to start a new life.
Next, we should make an effective measure to protect the environment.
Apparently, it is popular that many students use computer to study something since online education have been set up.
As far as I am concerned , this popular thing is resulted by the popular of computer and students'curiosity .
Besides, it is more convenience to students to learn online.
As the saying goes, every paper has two sides.
I suppose education online would bring more things to students who really want to learn more.
And I also think that it is necessary for students to fine a best way to study well.
I suggest that students should not only learn in class but also learn on line.
I believe that only in this way can students learn what they want to learn.
Besides, because of the waste of people's daily using water, water resource is deficient now.
I suggest that take strategy sustainable development.
Recently, a really talent show, The Voice of China, appeals to a large number of TV audiences.
In this talent show, the judges do not appreciate the singer's performance face to face.
Once they have heard the voice which touched them, they will press the button.
No sooner have they pressed the button than the chairs turn around, which means the singer gets the opportunity to be their pupil.
As far as I'm concerned, the reason why The Voice of China gains popularity among the TV audiences is that the show has given people positive energy.
As a faithful audience of The Voice of China, I have learned from this show that we should dare to chase our dreams.
I can use it contact my relatives, friends, and if there are some important or joyful news I can tell others as soon as possible.
Nobody can say that using mobile phone is perfect completely.
The most important thing is what your attitude to it.
First of all, it is a language which is widely used in the world.
And then, I will say it is like a telescope in some ways.
It can board our views and helped me discovered a new wold.
They are always kind and helpful and always wear a big smile on their face.
In modern education, character education is extremely significant.
Knowledge in books is not enough anymore.
For example, normally school education means to cultivate student's abilities to take in and think.
Society changes so fast, people of ability has changed.
Now we need people of ability in each side, because these ability is more crucial than know edge, these ability to reflect on many respect.
Like honest, bearing, morality and so on.
If we possess these ability can we use our know edge more smoothly.
In this way , we can take more superiority to compete with others and we will get more costs.
So character Education plays an important role in development of future society.
With the development of the living standards, people produce waste every day, and there is a great variety of rubbish.
Moreover, people put rubbish in the different trash cans when throw out them.
There is a large population in the world, causing so much waste.
To some extent, these wastes could be avoided.
It will make our homeland more beautiful.
First of all, once people do not know the importance of waste sorting, they will put all the rubbish in wrong places, these useless things will pollute our world, then it will cause a seriously polluted.
Secondly, as we all know, our country is lacing for many different sources, so we must find some ways to solve it.
Waste sorting is very important, so people can make good use of these rubbish.
On the other hand, if person is aware of the importance of waste sorting.
It will reduce the burden of the cleaners, making their work become more convenient.
To sum up, people realize the importance of waste sorting can reduce the unnecessary waste which will make a great interest for our people in long way.
Nowadays, when it comes to love and study, people's opinions vary from one to another.
some people firmly believe that it is good to fall in love.
For one thing, it gives you the power, make you more active to learn.
For another, Love can monitor each other and promote each other.
one the contrary, other may not agree with the above.
Love impact study.
To begin with, it is a waste of time.
what's more, it is a waste of money.
As for as I am concerned, I think it has double folds like anything else.
There are good ang bad, key to see how he understand.
The thing made me so bitterly is that day my father and I came to this college with curiosity.
Though I can grasp some knowledge and skills, this is the first time for me to independent.
I would live with roommate, and do everything by myself, such as washing, fetching water, making the bed and so on.
After my father went back to home, I joined an interview of Broadcasting Station.
The title is: Introduce my family.
At that moment I was very sad, so I cannot say a word.
I was crying without a break, a fellow student told me, when she had came here last year, she was very sad just like me, but now she was very independent, and she said that we should be strong because we cannot rely on our parents in whole life.
I want to introduce Switzerland to you.
Switzerland is a developed European country.
It's situated in the center of Europe, covers an aera of forty-one thousand square kilometers, has a population of seven million 50 thousand, which capital is Berne.
Geneva, the most famous cities in the world, is in this country, too.
Switzerland is next to Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
It has a gorgeous scenery, which is known as Worldwide Garden.
Frist, unlike many students who study english for going abroad, I study english for my future career.
Second, the other reason why I study english is that I need to get equipped with some essential skills of language.
Finally, I think an another important factor is that I should pass the CET4 and CET6 text.
Therefore, I want to learn english.
From our born, we live always follow our parents' plan.
Now, in most time we are working in school or company, another time with phone, computer or TV.
For me, I want to live a simple way with my family.
Have a house in the country, sunrise do, sunset go home.
In the summer we canoe on the river, go picnicking in the woods and take long bicycle rides.
In the winter we ski and skate.
We get excited about sunsets.
We love the smell of the earth warming and the sound of cattle lowing.
If the live changes this, I have many time do what I want to do like read books and embroider.
For example , when we on the bus , we usually see some thieves stealed mobile phones and wallets, their behavior not only a crime but also injury the victim.
So in our society we need hoest .
As long as we have it , we may have a hamony enviroment .
Good friendship.
And others help .
we are a member of this society .
I think that we must read books at first, then we can have a great practice.
Low-carbon lifestyle involves many aspects in our lifes , in society low-carbon lifestyle means decrease CO2 , so we should go to work or school by bus but not take cars , we should protect and plant more trees to absorb CO2 .
For everyone in society , we should learn became an economical person , for example , we can let used water plants , we can go to a close place on foot , we can use bags again and again .
For our every-day lifes , we should try our best to decrease energy , for instance , when you don't stay at home , you should turn off lights , when you don't want to watch TV , please don't turn it on .
As a college student , I'm responsible for letting our lifes better and better , so I plan to do these things : First , I will learn more knowledge about low-carbon lifestyle so that I can do more things .
Second , I will try my best to become an economical person , I will go to school by bus or on foot , I will turn tap and lights off when I'm out .
Time handouts will be available after the training section.
My familg is not a family of scholar, my father is my family's~~.
He every day need get to word.
So l sould ~~student.
I thank stuard book is for very very Major.
  Di-Di---  I was just on the phone at the corner of somewhere, avoiding irritating noises.
Then the sudden, continuous whistle got me angry.
I can't hear you.
It's enough.
Anyhow, it always stop teachers from giving their classes.
Especially when you meet a traffic jam, the endless whistles must drive you crazy.
It's not far from these noises.
I can't stand but it seems like i should bear these.
Patiently, I acted like a gentleman, waited, listened to the explanations over and over again, and accepted the unfortunate.
  Yes, Sir your package is arrived.
In the future, first I think I will be a teacher and I will probably be teaching students English.
Then I can go to almost any country to find a job.
Before this I will go to school to finish my study.
It will be a lot of hard work, but it is my dream.
What's more, I will travel around the world in the summer vacation.
They think about that let off firecrackers are not a suitable way to celebrate the Spring Festival, because of in this way will make noise and lead to the environmental pollution.
From my point of view, we should set off firecrackers as less as possible, not only for the sake of our safety, but also to protect the environment.
Firstly, a good teacher must love teachering jop.
Nonetheless in my eyes, happiness can be a feeling of fun that playing football with my good friends ; satisfy that having supper with my family; excited that getting extra money.
A strong person can do almost anything as long as he tries hard.
In my opinion if we want become wealthy the first we must keep health .
if we doesn't have a good body even we get lot of money , we have never to use it .
The NAFTA and WTO increased the exports of the U.
Although the NAFTA and WTO can deliver many new jobs, it can not offset the jobs it took away from the U.
The first is the increasing U.
S. foreign direct investment, which improves the foreign production capacity, and results in the rapid growth of exports and trade deficit to the U.
The second is the sustained and substantial appreciation of the U.
S. dollar, which encourages investors around the world to build new and expanded production capacity at home to export goods to the U.
There has been much arguements on E-book in recent years.
weighing the advantage and disadvantange , I'm inclined to agree with the use of the E-book.
AS we all know, library is a place where people get knowledge and exchange information.
Although the mobile phones are not banned to be taken in the library, the behaviours have a few impact on others.
Firstly, it is no a good manner to use mobile phone in library even you do not make any noise.
Thousand peolpe have thousand views.
In my opinion, the library should select some people who are responsible for reminding people do not use mobile phones in library.
It is said that where there is a will , there isa way .
Because they have a great will .
As a matter of fact , none of them is compeleteiy smooth , our life is full of difficult and boring .
achieve success .
I want to study English for different reasons.
Fisrt i think english is very useful , it can help you communicate with others and it will make you more happy.
Second, english can make you leran more history of other countries, let you known more culture.
Third, i think english study will make you pass english easily.
Third, how could the human get along with a person who is the same with you.
James in 1984 was born on Decembei 30 Akron, Ohin.
He was in high school basketball team, where he revealed his amazing talent, and won three consecutive high school championship.
He also was involved in American football, he became a member of the interstate teams.
For example, in 2003, James' first game against the sacramento Kings, he personally gained 25points,9 assist and 6 rebounds and shooting 60% of the project, he gets a race.
But in the last season, he failed.
Then he wanted to give up.
He said he never plays basketball.
At this time, his father scolded him seriously.
His father said where there is a will there is a way.
Of course, he thought a lot in his father's instructions.
Also, he encouraged himself to overcome difficulties.
Certainly, he got better and better grades.
James was elected to 4 consecutire Eastern Conference All Star.
Above all, I think nothing succeed without a strong will.
Only having a strong will can James realize the value of his life and get success.
I love my father.
He is not only my father who gave my life, but also my best friend.
As I was child, he was always playing with me, telling jokes to me, taking me to travel all our village.
In my opinion, it is not.
Even we do not make much money, we still lead a comfortable life.
  He thought a minute, saying that you must go to school and get good gade, so we can make more money.
From then on, I was stric to my own, because my success is the future of our warm family.
Notice is hereby given that Li Lan from the E.
Now a social phenomenon is many universities require students to evaluate teacher, As far an I am concerned it is reasonable.
I don't think it's not a performance which lack of respect for the teacher's .
Recently, some universities are reported to charge high tuition fees.
The report has immediately sparked a heated debate.
Some people thing it's a bad idea for universities to charge hige tuition fees.
The other people think it is ok for universities to charge high tuition fees .
First of all, there are many poor students in our country those students may be very hard-working .
Butthey can not afford the high tuition fees.
If universities charge high tuition fees, they will never get the chance to go to universities.
we are equal in the world.
Moreover, I think in our country independent in economy.
Our parents always pay for the tuition fees of us.
If universities charge high tuition fees our parents must work harder.
They have given too much to us.
I don't think they have to pay for the tuition fees for us which are very high .
If the tuition fees are low, they will pay for them without any pressure.
Last but not least , universities are the places where we learn how to be a man.
If the universities charge high tuition fees, they will become profit organizations.
Then what can we learn from these places.
What we can learn is just to make profits .
We will become the people who cares nothing but money.
We will think money is everything .
For that, I'd rather go to work than go to university.
We come to universities to learn knowledeg and manners.
The universities should be places where we can learn positive things .
To sum up, the universities should not charge high tuition fees.
We will be happier in a low-paid university.
The tuition fees are affordable for everyone .
We will live an equal life .
In the field of college applications, a Gap Year is a year taken between high school and college.
During the Gap Year, students engage in extra-academic and non-academic courses, language studies, volunteer work, travel, internships, sports and more, all for the purpose of improving themselves and their resumes before going to college.
In my opinion, Gap Year is very necessary.
Following are the reasons.
First, through the Gap Year, students will have enough time to think clearly what they want on earth.
Then, Gap Year is a good chance to relax.
Forgetting the worrying of study to have a wonderful holiday.
Last, during the Gap Year, students can go to work in order to improve their living skills.
As a fresher, I think a Gap Year is essential for Chinese students also.
In China, students have a lot of pressure, especially the three graduate students.
They always feel confused when just entered the university.
I 'm so interested in your advertisements in the model.
I like sports and I run thirty minutes every day to keep a good fitness.
I think I have some experience about being a model.
Not only can it provide us with more opportunities but also develop our skills.
My name is Jeff.
I am very busy, but sometime is free.
On free time morning, I just get up and bursh my teeth.
And then I watch TV when I eat breakfast.
After that, I must do my homeworks, it's too much.
In the afternoon , I'm playing computer games.
In the evening.
I go shopping with my parents.
Name, one from the urine will begin to know and to write the first font.name it not only inherits his father's surname, also inherited a lot of spirit of Chinese traditional culture.
in ancient times.
xuanyuan the Yellow Emperor is the begin of this a surname.
he is my grandparents.
Love is around me.
My mother gives me the best love.
Every morning, she rides a bike to send me to school.
And she always makes the breakfast for me.
When I am sad, she tells me to be happy.
When I am ill, she sends me to hospital at once.
I am moved by her love.
And I feel lucky because of my great mother.
As a student, the best way to show love t my mum is yo get a high mark.
In a word, love is precious.
Of course, this is a lumbersome topic.
As we know, the plane wasn't contacted on 1:20 A.
, March 8th.
There are 227 passengers, including 153 Chinese and others who come from all over the world.
So many countries think highly of it.
Now it is confirmed that there were two passengers who used the fake passport.
But American investigation bureau think it is less feasible.
To our government, we sent out the warship to the rescue.
Anyhow, we will try our best.
On the other hand, VNAF said they found some oil which seemed as the plane.
And the satellite didn't detect the sign of plane's disassembly.
However, all in all aren't affirmed.
In fact, all of us expect that it's just a joke.
The airplane just flies to the other cites.
Two hundred and twenty-seven passengers are safe and sound.
In a word, this is an extremely good alternative for me to spending this semester with Jimmy, a young lady who is very attractive.
It's easier said than done but hard to do .
Before the spring festival started, my mother took me to buy a new clothes and a pair of jeans.
I'm happy to put on it on.
In Chinese new year's eve, I with my parents went to my grandparents'home in the afternoon.
We stick the good fortune character in the window and spring poetic couplet in the door, we continued to do some cleaning before the dinner.
We ate dumplings that my mother made at the dinner on New Year's Eve and at the same time we watched the CCTV Spring Festival Gala.
It's very amusing for me.
We stay up late on New year's Eve.
In the past time, we set off fireworks.
I use my cell phone to send my good wishes to my relationship and my friends via the Internet.
From the third day of the New Year, we went to relationships' home to pay a New Year call and I get lots of red packets.
The Lantern Festival is the last day of the spring festival.
J-29 items are on the Pearl steamer ship, then it will be Changed in Hongkong May flower steamer ship.
About the system by CFR transactions.
Hello everyone.
I am glad to have a speech about being a good listener.
Second, we can show us the strength of being a good listener.
parents listen theirs children , parents will know the mind of their children more clearn.
that can reduce the arguments about parents with children.
Teacher listens students, that can help students knowing more technology out of book.
If classmate listen each other, and then the relationship between classmate and classmate will deeply.
Third, how to be a good listener.
The ways as follows, when someone talking to you.
You should look at his or hers eyes.
And you can't cut off other's talking.
Believe each other it is very important.
If we do these ways that we can be a good listener.
This behavior it is good for ourselves.
My speech is finishing.
In the other side of the situation, you choose to do the group project even thought the self study would bring more benefits to you.
Xian Xinghai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music.
He was born in Macao, in the south coast of China.
He was born in 1905.
He was good at music and he studied in Pairs.
Later he began to make pieces by traditionai Chinese music.
He wrote The Yellow River in 1939 when he was 34.
And he was famous for it.
Xian Xinghai died young,1945.
Finally, I think that English would change a man .
Though our life is full of happiness and sorrow and pains are indispensable.
The pains that terminal patients have to suffer are far from what we can imagine.
I know you want to improve your spoken English.
First, you should communicate with your friends in English.
In your free time, you can listen radio about English news.
Joining English Corner, there are many activities about English.
If you like traveling, you can go abroad.
Such as Britain, America, Australia and so on.
I am so poor of my spoken English before that everyday I record my voice when I reading English articles or I singing my favourite English songs.
With the development of economy, unfortunately, our environment is becoming worse and worse.
Many cities in the world are struggling with the air pollution and people have to wear respirators to fight against it.
Among many causes, I think automobile is the major reason.
First of all, try to use public transportation instead of your cars whenever possible.
It has become a phenomenon that more and more people drive their cars every day, no matter where they go.
If things go on like this, you can imagine how bad our environment will be.
From now on, avoid using your private vehicle often and yo can choose to take subway and buses.
What's more, carpooling is also a good choice.
Secondly, I think government should take some measures to advocate fewer car uses.
For example, during the Beijing Olympic Games, Chinese Government issued an odd-even car ban.
More specifically, if the date is odd, it means people who possess even-numbered license plates are not allowed to drive cars.
This action made a huge success.
Everyone is responsible for creating a better environment.
The phenomena are likely to get some bad influence.
In my opinion, we shouldn't do that.
As a new college student.
Firstly, we must set a goal for ourselves, no matter how big it is.
Secondly, we should try our best to learn professional basic course.
Because it is your future job.
Thirdly, we can take part in some clubs, which you are interested.
Finally, you can find a part-time job when you have extra time.
In the contemporary society, it is very common for celebrities, or the so-called superstars, to be spokesmen or representatives for a wide variety of products.
There are, however, some problems for celebrities and the consumers.
To begin with, before representing, a star may know nothing about the product.
Thus, consumers may be mislead.
Even worse, for the sake of money, some stars advertise for items with low quality, even for fake commodities.
In the case of Sanlu, the public image of stars involved was spoiled.
Firstly, laws should be worked out to regulate celebrities' advertising.
Secondly, stars should be required to tell the truth to the public.
When my professor again encouraged me to take part in this Competition, I said no.
A winner is not one who never fails.
  Couragement is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
I will never forget my professor's couragement.
All praise to you, my beloved teacher.
Keep going forward, even in the toughest time, and never give up.
First, many students do part-time jobs, because they want to reduce their family's economic pressure.
Not all the students in school are all from the well-off family, many of them come from villages and maybe their family has been suffering a lot.
It is necessary of those students to take part-time jobs for money to pay for their living expenses.
Secend, many students do part-time jobs for improving their work experience.
In society, we can learn many things that school can't teach us, such as work experience, ability of communication.
Nowadays the number of whether people should keep pets is on the rise.
Like everything else, whether people should keep pets have both favourable and unfavourable aspects.
Firstly, many pets are very cute, how cute they are can get love from people.
Secondly, they can bring happiness to the people.
When people feel blue, pets can rely on the people, make them feel warm.
While we mention the advantages of pets, we cannot ignore its disadvantages.
To begin with, pets does not pay attention to keep cleaning, it is make people have a headache.
As far as i am corcernd, we should be friends with pets, they need we love.
There is some love around me.
I think children should be allowed to make their own choices.
In my opinion, children make some choices by themselves, though they are wrong, they are also happy.
For instance, long long go, a kid is so lazy, whatever his parents do for him.
Someday, his parents have to go out, his parents were afraid of his son being hungry.
So his parents put a cake around his neck, it looks so funny.
But when his parents come back they found his son had died by accidently.
The reason that his son was so lazy just eat in front of neck's cake, even be lazy to move the cake .
This example implies if parents always determine their children's life, their children will be worse last.
Parents should let chidren be more freedom.
But it's good for children.
Sometimes parents use their own experience to choose a corrective way for children.
Children are avoid of going more wrong ways.
After all, parents are older than us, their expeience are more than ours.
Anything has two faces, whatever you are listening to parents or listening to yourself.
Whtever when we choose any choices we must try our best to do it.
We should improve our selfcontrol, responsibility and some abilities.
On the one hand, students surf the Internet frequently is considered beneficial.
The reasons are as fallow.
Above all, they think that the Internet can provide knowledge and broaden their horizons.
Second, the Internet made it easy for us to communicate and share ideas with friends.
Wherever you are, you can contact others conveniently.
On the other hand, the students don't support the viewpoint of getting online frequently.
They told their reasons.
First of all, surfing the Internet is a waste of time.
Another, if you often get online, you will lose yourselve in the virtual world of the Internet .
You will addicted to chat and games.
In my opinion, use the Internet appropriately is helpful for our study and life.
Interacting with others is becoming moreand more easier through the Internet.
However, you should arrange your time and make a balance between getting online and studying.
Confucius teachings define the way of great learning as the enlightenment of brilliant virtues, the remolding of people, and the pursuit of ultimate goodness.
Firstly in high school study we just need to learn science or liberal arts but in college study we are required to learn both them .
On the one hand , in high school study the student always learn acknowledge by the teacher's explanations that is absolutely different with the college study in which the students learn by their talk with each other and their own practice.
I had suffered a period of confusion in my college study life.
If you had the same feelings with me, I advice you to attend more scientific research and social practice .
They all will exercise and enhance your abilities.
What is crucial you should make more friends both your classmate and your teacher.
As far as I am concerned, I totally agree with the idea of high level should retire at the age of 55.
In the fast-paced world of business, bolstered by even faster hi-tech innovations, a younger would seem to be able to adapt with greater flexibility, while such an environment might boggle an older more set-in-its-ways mind.
In conclusion, old employees shouldn't continue working for themselves.
Only education can popular knowledge and technology.
Try to think it, if all of the people in China whose education stop at a low level, that is to say, our country has never developed and even we would back to the old days before.
As we all know, human resource's important for those enterprise and our national.
And we also know, human resource's development depends on education.
In my opinion, all that human requirements to be achieved through education.
It is vividly depicted in the picture above, people are crossing the street looking at their cell phones and using walking sticks in order to see.
This drawing ironically reflects the phenomenon of overusing cell phones.
The negative impacts of overusing mobile phone can be summarized as below.
To begin with, it may exert detrimental impact on our health through its radiation, and watch mobiles for long stretches definitely impairs one's eyesight.
Many diseases have root causes in overusing cell phone.
Furthermore, one may stay inside his bubble instead of pursuing other endeavors.
Just imagine a group of people sit around a table, all immersing themselves on their iphone, instead of chatting and laughing with each other.
It would perform a negative character in interpersonal relationship and lose our intimacy with friends and family since we have less time to communicate.
So it is high time that we took effective measures to curb this trend.
With the great development of modern society, pollution has become a big problem to every person.
In order to solve it, many scholars come up with a new idea of modern lifestyle, called Low-carbon Lifestyle.
Nowadays, it becomes more and more popular with different people ignoring their jobs or ages.
As the name Low-carbon says, it calls on people to use less electricity which came from carbon.
We used to use petroleum to help us cook or to start our cars, but these were wasting resources which were very precious to get.
Now we can use batteries to start cars or give us lights, so it indicates an low-carbon ways.
Also, from the other hand, we should say that reuse or save resources are both ways.
For example, when we leave home to go outside for a long time, we can turn off the lights and unplug some electrical items to save electricity.
As a college student in the 21st century, I want to say that every one of us should keep a habit of living low-carbon lifestyle.
If we go to the school or a place which is not far away from us, we can ride a bicycle, take buses and even on foot.
These ways both save resources and make less pollution to the environment.
Apart from these terms, we need call on more people to join us, make them know the importance of low-carbon and take real activities to protect earth from being destroyed.
So, considering this, start your low-carbon plan from now on.
Itis an cute kind of amimals.
t has two long ears.
It also has a short tail.
They make rabbits so lovely.
Rabbits likes carrots.
If you are lonely.
It is furry, soft and white with two red eyes glaring above the chin.
Its ears are straight and long and they can turn and move slightly.
We had a heated discussion on whether the listening component of the gao kao should be canceled.
There are some people who think the listening examination shouldn't be canceled.
In their opinions, listening is so important as one of the four basic skills that we cannot ignore and it povides us with a way to get more information in our daily life.
However, each coin has two sides.
It goes without saying that some people don't agree with them.
They suppose that the listening examination should be canceled because it's unfair as the listening effects in different places are also different.
In addition, the levels of English teachers and the voice equipments have a large difference between urban and rural.
Everyone comes to this world, then God made arrangements for their own life.
Life, means different in different eyes.
Firstly, our life needs to set a clear target, or we just live like a walking dead.
Feeling that everything makes no sense, it makes you indecisive and spiritless.
Secondly, we need to possess some good quality.
Self-confidence is the power for moving up and the recipe of sucess.
Optimisim, is the buster of difficulties, saviour of failure.
Self-esteem, is the backbone of how to behave.
Our life also requires us to be wise, lasting study makes our life wonderful and our mind improved, everyone admires wisdom, but not everyone can achieve that level, because learning always be a tough things, it requires people to hold on.
Last but not least, we need friends and family, because friends can leave us colorful memories.
When we share the happiness and sadness together, we can feel the honesty, kind-hearted from them.
Our family members are who we loved.
In recent years, the blog being more and more popular.
In my opinion, the reason of blog's popular is the loneliness.
Nowadays, people have more and more pressures.
They want to let off the pressure and relax themselves.
their puzzle, confuse and want to talk whatever they eager to talk.
Blog can help people to share their ideas, their thought.
But there also have the disadvantage.
First of all is the safe issue.
In the blog, there have so many strangers that you may let out your personal information.
Li Hua is currently experiencing problems in life, he and his friends break Mary, feel very sad.
Why ask friends and Mary break the relationship.
Increase communication with friends and exchange opportunities, open minded.
We should understand each other, share with each other the passions.
Now I am a college student, but actually sometimes I am still a child, for example when I face to my father, and I think I will always depend on my father.
When I was young, I feel my father can do anything, he can repair items, cook delicious foods, and can interpretation what I can't understand, so in my heart, my father is a hero.
In everyday of my life, my father offer all things for me, such as my foods, my clothes, and my money.
I depend on my father, also because he has a lot of true friends, and he often teach me how to make friends and how to hold true friendships, I think is really important for my life.
In short, I think my father sometime like a friend, and sometime like a teacher, no matter when and where I can go beyond my father.
I remember, my first trip is very exciting.
My parents with me went to X When I was seven.
This was my firsttake plane.
I always look out of plane.
I think myself just like a bird I get X.
The weather is hot.
But TianJin is winter.
This hotel is very good.
Every day, my parents with me to visit some famous place.
It is very interesting.
That is my first trip.
And I think, I do not remember it.
Beacuse X is very beautiful.
What is known to all is that the tourism is developing very quickly.
People always say that every coins has two sides.
On the one hand, the development of the tourism can promote the development of the local economy.
Now, in order to attract more tourists and then to boost the economy growth, more and more city attach importance to the development of the tourism.
In order to change this phenomenon, we must take some effective measures .
As we konw, different counties have different culture.
For example, in the Chinese traditions, children are expected to pay parents back as they grow up.
From my point of view, the reason why Chinese children are expected to pay parents back as they grow up is because they are not economic independence with parents.
And Chinese traditional concept that filial piety is very important.
If you abandon the elderly parents, you will be to blame.
Also it's unfilial behaviour.
As far as I'm concerned, I am favor of opinion that it is necessary to pay parents back when they are old.
The parents raised our hard work, when they return them in the time of old age is as it should be.
Most important, many students are favorite in internet games or other games.
can't have a good job at future .
In my opinion .
In other word.
We shoud be committed in society and be absorbed in hard -working and learning.
A majority of people think that it is good for high school students to get online frequently.
The reasons are follows.
First, we can access information and broaden our horizons via the Internet.
Second, the Internet makes iteasier for us to communicate with our friends and share with each other.
Third, we can relax ourselves through the Internet.
we can watch movies, listen to music, play games and even shop on the Internet.
However, some of my classmates don't agree with them.
They think it will be bad for us if we get online too much.
As we all know, it isbad for our eyes to use the computer for a long time.
In the second place, some students can't control themselves well.
They are lost in chatting and playing games online.
As far as I consider, we are supposed to distribute time wisely and keep a balance between study and surfing the Internet.
I know the world a little.
In the world, some people were pool life.
They wasn't more money to used when them was ill.
The video I was learn more about AIDS.
I think AIDS to me is words, every time it doesn't effect me life, I don't care for it, before the class.
In the class, I saw some picture, in the picture I feel those people suffering from AIDS look so thin and helpless.
I think we should do something to help them.
In the past, if one person can go to the college, his or her family would very happy.
Beacause when he or she graduate from the college, he or she can get a stable job.
But now, the situation is changed.
Now, college graduates should find jobs by themselves rather than get jobs obey the organisation.
Just as every coin have two sides, different people have different opinions.
For example, the female would love to do some works that steady, relax, fun and respectful just like teather, nurser, singer and so on.
On the contrast, the male like challenge, creative.
They are ambitious man.
For our life, every one must have difficulty in doing something.
When you are in trouble and it is hopeful for you to do it, I do believe you will try your best to get out of trouble and never give up.
You have conquer yourself and you will have confidence to do other things.
If hope in your mind, you will live a beautiful life.
However, you can have a good effect on the persons around you.
It is good for our society.
On the contrary, if you lose hope, you will lose heart firstly.
Secondly you will not only take part in activities, but also won't trust yourself, afterwards you will lose everything belonging to you.
Above all, we cannot lose hope.
I'll introduce something about shadow play.
Shadow play or shadow puppetry is an ancient form of storytelling and entertainment using opaque, often articulated figures in front of an illuminated backdrop to create the illusion of moving images.
Shadow play is a popular folk drama in ancient China, and it is the ancestor of world films.
During a shadow play, puppeteers hide themselves behind a white curtain and move stick-mouted puppets, while also narrating the story through folk song.
Performances are generally accompanied by musicians playing drums and stringed instruments.
At that time, it brought people pleasure as modern movies and TVs do.
It originated during the Han Dynasty when one of the concubines of Emperor Wu of Han died from an illness.
He was devastated and summoned his court officers to bring his beloved back to life.
The officer made a shape of the concubine with donkey leather.
In modern society, it's very difficult to find the mysterious drama again because of the development of Tvand Movie.
Like some other folk arts, it gradually becomes the one that we can only see in the TV.
But the government still try their best to protect and develop this old art.
Or to go to South Korea shopping, or through a variety of stores, enjoy unique pleasant experiences.
I am a student , I study in huangjiang middle school.
I always spend my free time in some interesting ways.
I like playing piano, do sport , read books and so on.
I like reading books and playing with my classmate.
After class we have 10 time, I Like playing with my classmate and read book.
After school, I very like playing ball with my classmate when I have a free time.
The sports meet lasted two days.
As a part of the team that show our academy image and spirit, we everyone should get up early that day so that we can get ready for the performance at the opening ceremony of the spots meeting.
The square of our academy is everyone making five circles.
Exactly, our rings are in five colors: red, blue, yellow, black, just like the Olympic rings.
All in all, every academy has its own unique feature.
Next, the stem-winding part is the competition among athletes.
We shouting, yelling, screaming, roaring.
Every athlete who represents our academy was worth to be inspired.
I want to study English for different reasons.
English is very useful, maybe when we work some years later, we will work for some big internation companies.
So I should learn English morn hard.
If we intend to get success, we have to make great efforts.
As Lincoln said, before we have to prepare a lot.
The heavy road traffic has influnced people's daily lives, and people who ignore traffic rules make accidents normally.
It is of a supreme important that we should pay attention to our heavy traffic issue.
On the one hand, every citizen has a responsibility to observe traffic rules.
But few of citizens have realized the importance of traffic rules.
What is more, there is an increasing number of traffic accidents happened because of our careless.
On the other hand, our society rules and public regulations have clearly proposed that protecting the order og traffic is everyone's duty.
Without drivers and pedestrians' aware of observing society rules and regulations, the traffic issue would become an useless issue.
If we go home, .
We know you will soon arrive and study here as a exchange student.
Our city is very gorgeous to live where the weather is frequently sunny.
Besides, we have a large number of delicious food such as the dumplings.
Let's come to talk about our class which is composed of 42 members.
When you are here, we will make every effort to leave you a satisfied impression.
We have a strong appetite for American knowledge.
In result, I invite you to describe it, which can contribute to improving our understanding and friendship.
Everybody knows China is a developing country with the largest population to feed.
At present, there had some phenomenon of waste on campus.
I think i must to be appeal to everyone to save energy, put an end to waste, advocate low carbon environmental protection way of life.
So we want to save energy, we couid be save water, electric or gas.
And we advocate campaign called Clearing Your Plate.
Also, we should be go outdours on foot or by bike.
We can also turn off the light when lift.
Or use less air conditioning.
To save energy, started from me.
we are pleased to inform you that the above mentioned goods of our Sale Confirmation No J-29 had been shipped by S.
We are regret to say that we are unable to shipment of the whole order .
If you are in urgent need of the goos , the best we can do is to transport by S.
The winer holiday is coming, Daming wants to enjoy himself during the holiday .
He gets up at half past eight in the morning , then he washs his face and brushes his teeth.
He has breakfast at 8:45.
after that , he does his homework carefully for one and a half hours.
At 10:30, he goes to the park and do some exersise here.
In the afternoon , he goes to have English or computer classes from 13:00 to 15:00 .
programmes.
he puts his things away at 20:30.
I think his plan is very reasonable.
So, while advocating competition, we must not forget cooperation.
Hello everyone, I am Tom, a student in Y High School.
I was born in the beautiful city--T, on January 17th,2002.
At the age of seven, I went to P Primary School and became a student.
My first English teacher was Mrs. Wang.
She was kind but strict.
Hello, Miss X.
My Chinese name is R.
You can call me Eva.
I am 20 years old.
I have long brown hair like other girls.
But I do not have a sweet smile.
Although I was born in autumn, I am very enthusiastic like summer.
Yep, I am a easy-going guy.
S is my hometown and it is very beautiful.
Z is the most happinese city in Y.
There are five people in my family.
My father and my mother are managing a clothes shop.
My grandmother likes coking.
And I have a 16 years old brother who is a middle school student.
Next, let me talk about my hobbies.
I love reading.
I like Han Han, who is one of the famous writers in China.
I love shopping with friends, too.
Because I think shopping is a good way to relax.
However, I do not like doing exercise.
Firstly, I am lazy.
Secondly, I hate sweating.
At present, I do not have too much ideas.
Last week, I joined the Communist Youth League.
I just want to try my best to finish all my works.
I want to learn more in the Communist Youth League.
I think that study English is very difficult, but it is one of the most important language in the world.
So we should learn English well.
I want to study English, because it is very interesting for me.
English is very important in our life, it can heip me with making many new friends.
English can also help me with learning different cultures.
I'm a student in senior grade two in Huaxing High School.
With over 3200000 books, about 60000 DVDs and CDs, Tianjin Library allows us a great access to large resources where we will easily find things we need.
Besides, many magazines as well as newspapers are expected to make us relax.
The library is located at 15th Fukang Road and any people with interest is warm welcomed to be here from eight thirty to ninteen o'clock except on Monday and Friday mornings.
It is also a capital punishment.
It means the executioner use his power which from the law to end a person who can be called a prisoner's life.
Nowadays many nations who flaunt ''Benevolence''try to abolish the death penalty.
First of all, the death penalty cannot prevent crime from happening in some degree.
And it can not maintain the social balance.
Criminal law's effect to reduce criminal is limited.
And a criminal is not only formed by the maker himself.
Our society also has a responsibility.
If we want to reduce criminal, we should strengthen education and improve the social environment.
Nowadays, death penalty has been an international issue.
Next, death penalty can not shock and reduce homicides.
Because it often happens between ordinary people.
They may not want to kill someone.
But a quarrel or some other things create this.
At last, everyone has only one life.
If an injustice happens, nobody can turn back the clock to give the death a justice.
But the injustice often happen.
There are many examples that after someone has had an execution while the police find that he is not the murderer.
Besides, there are so many people who are forced to admit he is the murderer because they can't bear torture.
The death penalty is really a step back.
Our not perfect legal system can guarantee there is no injustice.
And everyone has a right to survive.
The difference between lecture and interactive class is obvious.
The latter is more interesting than the lecture class.
With a hot discussion in the class may strengthen our comprehension about the topic.
In China, the normal teaching style is a lecture.
First of all, the teacher taught very well.
Hello, i am james.
I am 14 years old.
I like playing basketball, reading books, watching TV and so on.
In my free time, I like donging housework and playing games.
I usually go hiking with my parents.
In my school free time.
I often play games with my good friends.
This is my free time.
The new semester met the innovative teacher, And this is the first class today, so all of us are thrilling in that we will see our english teacher and all of us are worry about the teacher and at the same time we are anticipated of the new teacher.
After a while, a graceful, soulful teacher come to our view .
To start with, she introduces herself to us with moderate and fascinated .
She was wearing a ponytail and she is wearing a fashion garment.
Next she told us some crucial thing about the writing.
On sum.
We meet a pleasurable english writing teacher is once in a blue moon .
In our life , there is always a people standing behind our body .
He or She still encourage us to help us go through terrible and also share our happiness with us.
At the same time , teach us how to have a full and exciting life .
Compared with peers , when I am a child , my mother hited me less than other childrens'mother .
My mother is gentle very much .
Maybe quarreling with my classmates is inevitable, but it's impossible to fighting and curse .
I don't lose temper to everyone now .
I belive that you respect others and others also respect you anyway .
All in all, I love my mother most.
Golgi said that All the world of glory and pride from his mother .
His face was black, not only because of the skin color, but also he had a very strict face, it seemed like a black cloud every time he went into the classroom.
And he will ask us to do a lot of excercises to understand it.
I only meet my best friend twice every year because I must study in different country.
I miss you so much and I want to meet you.
she said.
I agree with her at once.
First, we meet at the people park and decided to play something at 1:30p.m.
Second, we went to ferrule and we are so excited because we got a rabbit.
Today's college students face many pressures, they are mainly from parents'expectation, study, emotion and all kinds of competition.
Although pressure can provide motivation in a sense, excessive pressure has a serious negative affect.
Learning the damage of excessive pressure, college students should learn how to relieve pressure.
First, we should make a right recognition to ourselves, so it can be better make use of advantages and avoid disadvantages.
Second, we should set a clear aim to struggling.
The aim can give us motivation and active emotion.
As I as is concerned, my pressure is mainly from future.
In order to reduce my negative emotion, I make a clear analyzing to my ability.
And I know what I should do.
I also saw the eyes cleaners emit a kind of sad, helpless look.
Without cleaning, the world will become a waste of the world, let a person feel be.
I think that the college has a lot of free time to do the things .
I am a college student now.
He's twelve, me too.
We have a same school, and we have a same class: Class 5 Grade.
He have a friend, she is Betty.
She from English.
The Voice of china, which was first shown on July 13 in 2012, won a large amount of audience who was fond of it.
From The Super Girl was shown in previous years, the music talent show became a hot topic among students, even office workers.
Compared with tne other music talent show, The Voice of China has four judges who can not see the singer at the begining.
The judges choose their students by turning their chairs back, if more than one judge turns, the contestant can choose their favorite star teacher.
tne reason why the voice of china was so popular that not noly all the judges are famous pop stars but also tne program is very real.
Nowadays with the development of tourism, people now are not content with going sightseeing.
Different people have different ideas on the tendency of tourism.
On the one hand, it is held by some people that university should open to tourism.
For universities are different from senior or junior schools.
An open environment can bring more advanced informations which are helpful for universities develop.
But on the other hand, many people hold the opinion that universities should not open to tourism.
They believe that too many people from the society visit campus will bring amounts of problem.
It is bad for the guarantee of school.
As for me university can open part of campus for tourism which will bring money.
I know how to make a good impression.
As a student, making a good impression means that you will get well with your classmates and teachers.
First to clean yourself.
Although we mustn't be misled by appearances, the looks is the first expression what you give others.
Second to be confident.
If someone looks at feet and speaks in a low voice, you will make a self-based expression on others.
Confidence is a important thing you need to take care of.
Last but not least, to be happy.
Happiness just like sunshine, it can spread to everybody around you.
On the other hand, it is a good choice to enrich our spiritual life.
I'm more experienced than you.
Go and run 5 circles around the playground  .
That's the worst day of my life .
It's a white dog.
It's got four legs and two big ears.
It's very very cute.
It's lives in my home.
It can run very fast.
It eats bones.
I like this dog.
Firstly, let me tell you the geographical conditions.
Switzerland is situated in the centre of Europe with the population of 7500 thousand.
It covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometres and Berne is the captain city of it.
What's more, Geneva is the city of it, which is known to all the world.
Secondly, to tell you the other conditions.
Switzerland is called'Gardon of the world' because of the fantascinating senery.
And it is famous for its watch industry most.
However, we heaven't eough opportunities to reach out to it.
Luckily , learning English online is very helpful to us.
With the development of modern science, city life has become more and more convenient.
Naturally, cities have a variety of facilities, such as libraries, museums, galleries and so on.
Cities have lots of forms of entertainment-big stores, theaters and the like, which attract many persons.
At the same time, the pollution in cities has become really serious, which includes air pollution, water pollution and noise pollution.
The traffic is so heavy that you will feel anxious.
While in the countryside, you can be close to nature.
The air is fresh and the sunshine is warm.
Then you will feel relaxed and comfortable here.
Both cities and countryside have their strong points.
Nonetheless in my opinion, I prefer country life to city life.
My name is T.
I heard that you had hah a disscusion about wether senior high school students should carry their telephone with them.
Telephones have a lot of advantages.
For exanple, we can stay in touch with our parents and friends easily.
Telephone still have many problems.
If we make a phone call during classes, it would make a mess and affect other students.
We use telephone to chat with others and this will waste a lot of time and money.
In my opinion, we should use telephone in a right way.
We should not use telephone in class.
We must not use telephone to play or cheat in the exam.
I want to check details for an event next week with you.
I have booked for the event in the conference.
I am pleased to be able to comfirm the schedule with security.
When I feel down, she would talk to me to make me better.
When I am a teen.
One day I was listening to rock music, like a shot, blasting forth.
My mom burst into the room and shouted  turn off the video, I cannot stand it.
  Mom, it makes me excited, I am love listening to it.
  No, the lyrics more than it is no rhythm.
I cannot understand why you like it.
  Mom, it is popular to us, all of teens like it.
My mobile phone is a oblong-shaped flip phone with a beautiful white exterior, the cover of which decorated with white patterns and sliver rim made of stainless steel.
After the cover opened, under its big screen, there is a sliver logo of its brand.
Below the screen are the buttons which are designed to be much bigger compared with other cell phones for its amenity.
Besides, there are some special buttons on the right of the mobile phone, each represents a function including picture shooting and volume adjusting.
On the top right corner ties a green cell phone charm that I bought from the EXPO in memory of the grand meeting.
On the back of the cell phone, there is a camera and a little screen shows the time.
Somehow , I couldn't fall asleep at night, I thought too much.
When I said goodbye to my parents, I realized that from then on I must learn to do all things by myself.
A lot of people said to me, Study hard, and you will get freedom when in university.
But when I really entered university, I find the real situation is different.
what's more, many people get injured while walking.
I am your student , I recently found more and more high school students online.
But the premise is that you will make good use of it, it is the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
These are bad habits, it is because of these bad habits, that leads to the result straight many students fall, In my opinion, this is not correct, so sometimes it is this lack of self-control.
A famous old proverb says that: truth often lies in the hands of few.
This proverb shows that the opinion of the majority is likely to be incorrect and is easily to lead people to think in a wrong way.
And some opinions that shared by plenty of people can create huge mistakes so that these opinions are absolutely a poor guid to people.
The novel 1984 written by Goerge Orwell is a example of the popular opinion is a poor guid.
In 1984, everyone is under the control of the Big Brother's government.
The government manages to eliminate the rebellion and make the people obey the all the rules.
Winston Smith, however, begins to rebel by writing dairies and having a relationship.
These two things are both seen as illegal under Big Brother's government but legal in the real world.
In the end, Big Brother discovers what Smith do so that Smith fails to rebel and be taught to obey and love Big Brother like in the past.
Another case is Nicolaus Copernicus, a polish astronomer who funded the heliocentric theory.
Copernicus took a great interest in astronomy so he started to observe the universe very early.
After a series of observation and calculating, Copernicus posed the heliocentric theory which was extremely objected by the Roman Catholic Church.
He devoted himself to write the book De Revolutionibus Obium Coelestium which , however, was only published when Copernicus nearly die.
Nowadays, we all know the sun is the center of the solar system.
However, Copernicus theory was covered by the opinion of majority for a long time.
As the cases of the novel 1984 and Copernicus above, the opinion of majority may be believed and seemingly correct.
The time , however , will reveal the mistakes and the consequence that the notion has brought.
Family means is father and mother I love you, I love my family, I love my father and my mother.
My dad is strict with me and I have a great esteem for him in that he can drive many cars especially marvelous - scale car.
I think my dad not only brave, but also intelligence now.
My mother is housewife, although my mom is not have a good health, she still cleaning house and cooking delicious food.
I congratulate myself that I am born in a happy family.
I also thanks for god give me intelligenle father and kindly mother.
Switterland is located in the middle area of the Europe.
Berne is the capital city of Swiss but it is not the largest city of Swiss and even does not have international airports.
Geneva is the most famousof Swiss because of having a lot of places of interest.
Swiss is a mountain country full of beautiful scenerier such as Alpus.
Because of this, Swiss is called  The world's garden  .
In the last, because we are young we should learn to be independence, nowadays, the society need more and more independent person, and there is a word saying that God help those who help themselves.
College students encouraged and organized to take part in social practice .
First, they are provided with more chances and opportunities to contact with our real society.
Hello everyone, my name is Alice, that is my favorite gift.
He is a dog and his name is perter, today he is 2 years old, in my 12years old My parents bought he, I am 14years old.
He is very beautiful and smart, he can play the ball and play dance.
The dog is very smart.
But sometimes he is trouble, he gets the sofa and he eats food every morning.
However, I think I can always play with he.
In my opinion, I think animals should be kept in the wild.
Today.
With the time passing by and the development of science and technology, entertainment plays an important role in our daily life.
There are variety of proograms to satisfy different needs and tastes.
Such as TV soap serious, TV shows, the china of voice and so on.
We are all familiar with them, in particular is TV soap serious.
There are probably two reasons for this strange phenomenon.
On the one hand, people are affected by combining western and chinese culture, which can convey our emotional.
As we all know, Da Chang Jin is very famous at a certain time, which attracts thousands of people to watch it.
But in my eyes, I don't think that is a good thing.
Too much time is wasted by TV soap serious, which has a lot of bad effects on people.
For example, in order to watch it, people forget to work and study.
They are all curious about the TV soap serious and addicated to the acting and the story.
It is a scary thing that they view it on the midnight.
According to a recent survey, about 70% women likes to view the TV soap serious, such as housewife, young landy and students.
It is obvious seen that they are all femal.
Maybe they are long for be loved.
They care about something what they like.
However , just like every coins has two sides.
We should keep in mind that is not a reality.
Although it brings us a lot of fun and joyness.
In a word, we should look for fun from our colourful life and real experience.
Consequently, I'm confident that a bright future is awaiting us.
As the saying goes: book is the first of teacher for everyone.
However, in modern society is full of temptations.
geting to know ancestots and absorbing their center view.
Reading classical books can enrich our knowledge and develop our view.
As is known to all, waste on campus has become a more and more serious problem.
The negative effects of waste is harmful to students development.
As far as I am concerned, we need take actions to solve the problem.
We should refrain from wasting anything, from food to stationery.
We ought to call on more schoolmates to fight against waste.
What's more, we must save money to help parents reduce the burden.
As can be seen in the picture, a lot of buildings surrounded by a few trees are coughing constantly under the grey sky, even some of them are wearing masks, which imply that the living environment is polluted a lot by air pollution.
We should strive our best to clean the air.
First of all, the factories are prohibited to discharge poisonous gases.
If they don't obey, they must be punished.
Secondly, try to drive less to reduce the vehicle exhaust emissions, we could get out by transports, or walking or ride a bike.
Thirdly, we should not incineration of garbage, because it will produce the poisonous gases.
Air pollution is more and more serious, so clean the air is necessary.
Its popularity and high profits made factory produce more.
As a result of its tiny costs or even for free, a mount of plastic bags were thrown up that used only once with no hesitation.
The phenomenon caused government's attention.
In recent years, a policy that restrict the use of plastic bags was announced.
It's definitely meaningful for us and environment.
On the one hand, it can let individuals reduce the number of plastic bags used.
On the other hand, it can make more individuals realize the harm of plastic bags on the environment.
It tells us that a strong will is the guarantee of success , or we may give it up for many many reasons.
We hunt for food , when we find that there are many many food on the other band of the river , what should we do .
Only the man with a strong will can finish the great target , like Newton , Madam Curie , Franklin and so on.
It also apply to us students .
If we don't study hard , we won't be the useful talent .
It's impossible to own a brilliant life if you don't have any courage.
First, let me introduce Li Hua's ideal job.
She wants to be a fashion designer.
Painting is her favourite hooby and she is good at it.
Chang Li Li dreams to be a.
gardener.
She is fond of plants.
Expecially flowers, she thinks they are beautiful and can decorate the city.
Ma Kai likes writing and he prefer to sharing his storys to others people.
Cook is Sun Jun's favourate job.
He is interested in cooking and can do.
I like math very much so I want to be a mathematician.
I like the feeling that work out a difficult question.
These are my group members ideal jobs.
Innovation is the power that makes human get progress, this is what life tell us when we try to do better.
But when you try to do something that other people have never done, you will be in a dilemma that you don't know whether you should keep on working.
Because there is also anther saying that , The old one is better.
To be innovative or not, this is a question dating back to the beggening of human civilazition.
The step of innovation is always heavy, as the end of your try is unkown.
And in some ways, people is scard of getting innovation by this reason.
Tomato is a kind of delicous fruit and also a kind of vegetable fulled with nutration that people needs.
But while we call it tomato, it also has another name we can never link it with - Devil apple  .
In old days, tomato was a kind of decorative plant in Spanish Royal becausse of its beautiful shape and color.
It's red just look like blood and fire and it made people imagine of devil in a first second.
So people never tried to eat or even taste it as they thouht they would die.
A hungry dying young man ate it that made him back to earth by accident.
He told others tomato is a delicious food, but others don't believe.
Others thout he was crazy and kept away from him.
He wanted to make others belive in him.
So he made a tank of tomato soup in a crowded sreet.
People was attarked by its tasty smell.
He invited others to tast it but no one did.
But after the first one tasted it, people was amazing that he was alive and was enioy of the soup, and then people all tasted it.
  Sometimes we just need a little courage to make new things happen.
As an old saying says The early bird catches the worm reminds us that if people want to be triumphant and outstanding.
In one word, the saying shows us the importance of planning, working hard and constantly trying.
There's many valuable things in our life .
Money, wisdom, truth, power and beauty are all very useful and attractive.
absolutely the most important , or others think truth , power and beauty is the first choice.
Now, let me tell you the fact.
Take city construction as an example, large amount of money is necessary, but how to make full use of it without wasting needs big wisdom.
Properly distributing and bravely investing are thanks to wisdom.
In the final, wisdom exists in our mind.
Human is the highest level in animals and have the highest intelligence.
Nowadays it's well-known that excessive packaging has been a phenomenon existed in the market .
In the other aspect, the merchants long for earning much more so that they pay more attention on the packaging regardless of the main product.
The last point is the lack of the government's regulation.
In my opinion, the excessive packaging reflects to people's psychology of showing off.
The price of a gift depends on your intention rather than its packaging.
The merchants should treat the customers with sincerity.
In terms of family, if they take the part-time job, they are capable to earn some money whether for making up household spending or saving pocket money.
Consequently, they can relieve the economic burden of parents.
In terms of their own, the part-time jobs play an important role in enriching life experience and cultivating various abilities.
Helping others is the basis of our lives.
In order to improve my math, I set some goals.
I feel I am eager to learn more about recreational sports.
I really want to hit the road and start a new kind of life right now.
From the upper picture we can clearly see two young men, computer, mobile phone and book.
For one thing, for many Post-80s more and more appeared Mortgage Slave  in China, for the sake of the house back the heavy shell.
  There may be some truth to that.
As the college graduates who are still financially dependent on their parents.
In my opinion, some drastic measures should be taken.
Through the continuous efforts of high school, I went to my idea university.
I am very excited.
When I was really into university, found that college life is not imagination of so simple.
Even if very different.
I still want to do well.
In my university life, I will try to do a good job in every subject.
Use their spare time to do some meaningful things.
You have made two mistakes.
First of all, you should not refuse her.
As a saying goes, vibrant women are beautiful.
I am Li hua, the chairman of our school union.
As we know, the capacity of delivering a speech can be an exact reflection on one's competance of thinking and speaking.
If you are exerted to prepare your speech now, take notice of my advices as follows.
First, making sure your performance lasting no more than 5 mintues.
Futhermore, Only if you can recite your speech fulently in advance will you make a better performance and thus making a careful preparation is a must.
Additionally, it won't be too much to emphasize the importance an possessing self-confidence.
In the future, high technigue will be filled with our life.
In the school, computer will take the place of book of paper making.
The student will accomplish schoolwork in the computer.
Then the computer software will take the place of teacher that getting homework over for the student.
In our life, the car will be on the way out.
The trolleybus will replace to the car.
The resident got out to take the trolleybus.
We rely on the solar energy to generate electricity.
The environment will be more and more good.
According to the chart, the part-time jobs started in 1990.
Nowdays, more and more students choose to take part-time jobs in or out school.
As far as I am concerned, at first, it is because the company requires candidates have work experience that students want to accumulate experience by taking part-time jobs.
Secondly, Social pressure is more and more big, the students have to plan for their own future early.
Students perfer to spend the free time to take part-time jobs than stay in their own apartment.
As we all know, there are more and more online courses in our lives among which there are many professional ones indeed.
There are several reasons for the formation of the 'heat'.
Firstly, the development of Internet technique is the biggest contributer which is the base of online course.
Secondly, people become more likely to stay at home than going outside with wasting a lot of time on the way.
Thirdly, not only teenagers have a need to learn, but also many adults do.
In my view, having online course is an easy but effective action as long as there is powerful monitoring system for both the instructor and students.
First , e-books have much radiation and affect our skin quality .
Second, if we carry e-books for trip without enough electricity, we will not have access to read .
After three years' hard work, you succeed in entering a good university .
In university you should learn both widely and deep.
It's important to develop your potention there.
I had heard an aphorism said Histories make men wise ; poets witty ; the mathematics subtle ; natural philosophy deep ; moral grave ; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
It said that if a person want to be elegant and successful, he must read properly.
Reading this book can give you a whole view of the past world.
It can give you a clear idea about the enterprise success and personal development.
Finally, you must read your textbooks.
With the topic of  The English Novel I Like Best  , a heated discussion is going on recently.
So far we have got a number of enthusiastic participants.
As is symbolically and apparently showed in the cartoon that some adolescences are striding forward violence with axes in their hands.
This drawing reflects a thought-provoking social phenomenon which is quite common now that few people pay attention to.
To begin with, with the development of science and technology, the information including many trash messages diffuses widely which is a cause of the behaviors.
Furthermore, more and more families have only one child and the parents give then too mich love, overlooking the education of children though.
Most importantly, the younger students can not receive legal education in poor areas.
From my perspective, the phenomenon of adolescence crimes should not be neglected.
On one hand, the schools should take steps to encourage children to concentrate on good qualities which help them succeed.
On the other hand, the families should pay more attention to children's moral and legal education.
In recent years, the domestic food safety problem is the continuing concern.
Food security for society and people life to bring the adverse effect.
In economy of our country countryman, the food industry has become the first big industry.
China and the world of food safety incidents continue to occur vicious cause people attach great importance to food safety, also urges the Government to reconsider has risen to the height of national security and world countries to increase food safety supervision.
In order to improve food safety, we should do the following.
Visting university campus has been rather popular with tourists today.
However, people are having differing opinions about whether a university should be open to public.
Firstly, travelling in university campus is cheaper than travelling to other viewspots.
You don't need pay tickets or hire a tourguide.
Besides it's cheaper, universities are worth visting because they provide the visitors with plenty of useful information about their features and majors.
If people who are applying for college, travelling in campus can help them to know more about their ideal colleges.
Admittedly, visiting university campus have one or two drawbacks.
Under the today's society, The number of college graduates to increase gradually.
Cause a lot of the reasons of this phenomenon.
On the one hand, social competition pressure increased, Increase the employment pressure.
The ability of students to improve requirements of the company.
I think, In fact nothing can intertwine, everyone are not all the same.
As for me, I have really been very well.
I know you were so enthusiastic in learning.
Reading was always your hobby.
  And I say, different books have different usages.
Of course, you aim is to develop yourself, but that's too general.
Of course, there are some books, actually textbooks, that you can not avoid, for you are a student anyway.
But don't be satisfied by only getting good grades in exams.
In the fall of our final year, the relaxed atmosphere had disappeared, and we all started to work hard.
Furthermore, at the back of everyone's mind was what we would do next after graduation.
The next day morning, we went to catch crabs.
Eventually, I understood why my father had suggested catching crabs that morning.
Actually, my father wanted to told me not to be pulled back by others.
Besides, look back at the classes you're taking, and think about which ones were most productive for you personally.
Nowadays, lateness is a very serious problem.
Some people are always late for school, for work, or for any appointment, no matter how important it is.
It is impolite.
So, in my views, we should try our best to avoid being late.
First, we can make an early alarm clock to avoid lateness.
Making an earily clock can help us avoid the emergency things.
We also can make good use of the time that is extra.
The most important thing is that we can avoid traffic jam.
Second, we should sleep early at night so that we can get up early at morning.
Having a good sleep is good for our life.
If we stay up at night and we won't get up early next morning.
Third, we can make a time schedule to let us be more punctual.
In today's society, lateness is everywhere , what we can do is to avoid this phenomenon.
After all, lateness is impolite to others.
In China, all students face the reality that they study for the exam not for themselves.
The chinese learning style pay much attention on the score and teaching not learning.
What's more, the chinese are used to ignoring the creativity which on children'brain.
Nowadays, we can find the gap between the east and the west because of education.
The chinese learning style will make children do in the right way but lack creativity.
Following teaching, children are lazy of thinking and look forward to announcing the answer.
In my view, It's so important that the chinese learning style is creative.
Although we have to adapt to this style, we prefer learning in free.
Nowadays, working or studying in the library is fashionable in our daily life .
we usually can see somebody use the mobile phone in the library.
A boy played with the apple tree when he was a child.
One day , the boy want to buy a toy, and the tree agree the boy to pick apples from it.
At last, the boy returned again but he was old.
But in this social, it is too easy to cheat.
If the boy took the apples, branches, and trunks and never return, the tree will lose much things, not only the substances, but also the friendship, its mind.
Friendship is very important.
Acccording, to this article, we can learn much things .
The friendship should keep.
And if you want the friendship , you need much time.
We are glad to advise you the captioned goods of J-29 confirmation have been shipped by S.
S. ''pearl .
And it will be transferred by S.
we have dispatched fax on 15 March,2013 so that you can arrange the relative insurance in time .
My first trip to Jixian County when I was seven years old.
I went there by car with my mother, my father and my brother.
The air is fresh and the river is very clear.
I went fishing with my dad over there and picked lots of fruit.
I saw a lot of hills and streams near the hotel where I stayed.
There are many trees on the hills.
That's very beautiful.
I wanted to climb the hills.
But my mother didn't allowed me to do that.
She think that that's very dangerous.
We eat eggs, fish, roast lamb and chicken.
The people in Jixian County is very kind and friendly.
They give us some hawthorns when we left there.
I really enjoyed the trip.
There is a big garden in our community.
There are some flowers in it.
I live on the second floor.
There are three bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and a living room.
My bedroom is small, but it's very clean.
But you ask her what make her has a big change and she must tell you that knowledge change fate , And she has ever said three things were impressive to her , The first , she was grateful for her parents .
Because they gave her a nice family which is full of love .
We will never parley; we will never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang.
With the time going, I was growing up slowly.
I can do something by myself gradually.
So I want to do them.
However, My father thought I still was a child.
He didn't allow me to do what I want.
The time was still pushed.
I have grown up and I think I already have ability to solve everything by myself.
But my father still don't let me do what I want.
I find very wonder, so I ask my father :  I have grown up.
He answers:  you have grown up, but you haven't left home.
you don't realize the dark of the society.
I didn't do well in English when I was a junior student.
So I determined to have my language-learning ability improved.
Every morning my mother turns on the radio with a text cassette to ask me to listen and write down the passage which the radio broadcast .
And my aunt who is an English teacher in middle school employs English to communicate with me .
In this way she creates an English-speaking environment.
The plan was last for more than three months.
Certainly I improved my English skills.
It probably indicates the proverb which is mentioned at the beginning.
Net job losses and the U.
S trade deficits have accelerated sharply since 1994 when NAFTA and the World Trade Organization came into being .
Many people just regard the deficit as the result of the US prosperity .
But the author sees the dark side of the these .
He see the deficit and unemployment as evidence that globalization and the workings of the world trading system pose threats to continued U.
As a new way of getting requisite goods, Online Shopping has become very popular and attracted quite a few of people stick on using it so far.
That is because it can be very convenient to people who use it.
In traditional shopping ways, you may need to go out and walk a long way to choose your ideal goods, but all Online Shopping demands is just a click on the internet.
Althought Online Shopping has so many advantages, it may also lead us into troubles at the same time.
Take online cheating as an example.
As we all know nowadays, too much cheating ways are developed on the web.
Maybe your money will go in the impostor's pocket after you have agreed the deal on a similar but wrong website.
To hold the right way to use Online Shopping, we need to weight the advantages and shortages at the same time, then look for a balance to control it.
As for the analysis above, when using Online Shopping, we must pay much attention to online safety and ask experienced online shoppers to help us distinguish creditable trade web from bad ones.
If avoid those shortages, Online Shopping may be a ideal and perfect way of shopping for people in the future.
What's more, it may instead of all the ontic shops.
We glad to inform you that our No.
J-29 sales confirmation for the goods are shipped by steamer ship ''Pearl''.
When the sale was agreed, we expressly stated that the deal will be closed on C.
But as it was, they are the same important.
Theory should be tested by practice, and practice should be lead by theory.
A few years ago, people nearly have time to practice.
For the students were their parents and teachers spoiled.
They will worried about you if you go to the society without they accompanied, and afraid there will be some accidents.
So, students just study some theories in the school and have no time to practice.
For to improve students practical ability, lots of universities have taken some measurements .
For example, on our summer holiday, school will ask us to write a practice report and it should be signed by the place that you practiced.
However, there are more and more students think that they cannot study something in the school, and the teacher can't teach they what our society really needed.
They would rather to go the society doing some part-time jobs then sit down in class.
They put their study away and concentrate on how to earn their money.
Time will tell us everything.
When we pay attention to the practice, it's also the time to absorb the theory.
Human health depends on good ecological environment, global warming will become the next century human health one of the main factors.
We call them actors or stars if they become famous.
problem with this tradition.
They earn their money through their own efforts.
You may argue that someone even do more but get less.
But fairness is not absolute.
Nowadays, most of the students pay attention to the 'Students Evaluation of Teachers'.
There is a dispute that whether students should make comments on teachers.
Some students maintain that it's a good way to comment teachers.
On the one hand, making comment and coming up with proposals contribute to improving educational quality.
On the other hand, students and teachers will interact in academic exchanges.
In my opinion, I would not hesitate to choose the former and the latter.
In the first factor, the improvement of educational quality is final aim.
By oniy this way, making comments on teachers' courses can get us perfect and promote.
Furthermore, in the college.
it should look like friends between students and teachers, and pointing out the pros and cons of argument.
The purpose of the training is to make the staff communicate with foreigners commodiously.
I am applying for the English and American Studies postgraduate course.
Resident Evil is a horror film.
It is origin to the Japan match.
Of course, I am not a game, but the film.
The movie tell a fictitious story.
Alice worked for the Umbrella Corporation.
The largest and most powerful commercial entity in the world.
There was an incident, the virus escaped.
A lot of people died.
Trouble was.
They did not die.
T virus outbreak spread like wildfire.
First across the United States, then the world.
But the T viral did not just bring the dead back to life.
It mutated them in terrifying ways.
It is tell us that biochemistry arms do harm to human.
The world needs peace.
The human safety is varying important.
When the disaster come, we should face it.
If we are peaceful, if we are happy, we can smile and blossom like a flower, and everyone in our family, our entire society, will benefit from our peace.
I like the movie can teach us.
Give us deep memory.
Human should reflect.
Resident Evil give me heart shock.
I love the disaster film.
They left me with a deep image.
Although I do not believe that the end of the world, but I believe that war will make many people lost their lives.
That is why I like it.
I look forward to seeing more meaningful film.
According to our last meeting about the seminar, I am going to inform you that the seminar will held at 423 room.
You must ensure the security of the schedule.
In recent years, more and more people is devoted in volunteering, especially among the young people.
For example, the earthquake in Wenchuan,2008, thousands of volunteers play an important role in it.
They took care the injured, donated the necessary things and offer psychological to people.
Also, it is beneficial to volunteers.
In my opinion, volunteering can happy yourself, we should advocate and encourage people to join volunteering.
We can promote voluntary service in school, and develop knowledge lecture to let more people know about volunteering.
As a college student, I hope everyone would join volunteering.
Everyone will meet unduly many people in his life, but the love of our people will be our parents.
When i was young, i don't sensible.
I don't always obey to them, not only my mother didn't give up me, but also always teach me patiently.
My father is seriously to help me with my homework every night.
With the passage of time, the love of my parents did not decrease but even thicker.
So i frequently take the initiative to contact parents, in case they worry about me.
I do everything in my power and to do something which my parents need, so their lives not excessively hard.
There are two main reasons that cause the problem .
Firstly , people do not know the fact that they are in water shortage , they think there is a lot of water on earth , so they do not need to use the water which have been rare resource .
So most of us are using water carelessly on each area .
Secondly, there are too many factories pulling the wasted water into the lake or river which polluted the clean water .
There is no deny the fact that we can work out the problem if we realize it .
People love technology .
I know how to make a good impression.
One leave an impression through his or her speaking and action.
First of all, we should speak and behave politely.
It's necessary to avoid being rude.
The next thing is your appearance.
Dress for occasions, do not dress for your own mood.
First impression is always the most important thing when you meet a stranger.
It works a lot in leaving a good impression.
Besides, we have to have deep confidence in ourselves.
Many people believe that reading is an essential part of learning and growth.
However, as time goes on, more and more people consider that genuine knowledge comes from practice.
different people have different perspectives.
First of all, as a student, our main task is to concentrate on our study.
reading helps us assimilate knowledge and update knowledge system, it stimulates and broadens our views, too.
reading is a process of self-cultivation, which makes us own peaceful mind and good character.
we need to read a lot for that may arrive at the successful other shore.
what's more, practice is vital to learning, not only can it apply what we have learned to life but also offer challenges and opportunities to improve skills.
There is a good saying: practice is the only criterion of inspecting the truth.
In conclusion, it is never too late to learn.
Recently, we students hear a message that Shanghai will make a try that let students have multiple exams and the exams' time can choose by students.
And the most important advantage is that multiple exams can help the student who is poor in English but good at other subjects get better mark.
she was good to speak English and German fluently.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a waiter.
I had some experience during last summer holiday.
I worked as a waiter.
I began to work from 8:00AM to 16:00 PM.
I often wash the tables and chairs on the work.
I also clean the window and wash the dishes.
I learn a lot from the working.
It has had a great effect on me.
I would be very grateful if you could send me more information about my working.
It means that when winter is approaching, everything is dying.
In the future, care for the environment will become very important as earth's natural resources run out.
Water will be polluted and we will have no a drink.
We will look out other instead of it.
We will use a lot of recycled materials and rely more on alternative energy.
In the future, we will be healthier and healthier.
No smoking will be allowed within a future city's limits.
Everyone can go anywhere the want to go.
Senior citizens and persons with disabilities will be able to go anywhere in they world using high-tech cameras attached to their heads.
First of all, My university has a long history and is abundant in books where I can broaden my vision and enrich my life .
In my ideal university , I can travel with my classmates and communicate with foreign people .
Daming is a middle student .
He gets up on half past eight , have delicie lunch on eight forty-five.
On nine he does his homework .
He does exercises in park on half past ten .
He eats dilicies lunch on twelve .
On first he has computer class and English class .
He reads all kinds of books .
On half past two he has a few supper .
On seven he watches TV and play computer .
He puts away the things on half past eight in afternoon .
Third, you don't need to queue and wait for a long time.
My bedroom is small but it is tidy.
My books and dictionaries are in my bookcase.
My schoolbag is on the chair.
My ping pong bats are on the desk.
My football is under the bed.
My pencil box and notebook are in my schoolbag.
A clock is on the wall.
As we all know, this era encourages diversification, so it is essential that we have knowledges of the different culture and possess some excellent qualities.
In this case, I would like to study in a foreign country.
First of all, with the development of globalization, we are tightly related with the whole world, in which the Internet has greatly promoted the communication among people.
However, it's obviously not enough to know the different culture for us students simply by the Internet.
As a result, studying abroad is definitely a good chance to understand the foreign culture and values by what you see and hear personally.
Besides, I suppose I'm one of those who are fond of traveling.
Thus, studying abroad gives an opportunity to travel in a new country to experience the different customs there, which at the same time can broaden my horizon.
The last but not the least, the employment pressure in our country is quite enormous, so studying abroad to some extent can ease the pressure brought about by the job competition, because I can get a higher diploma after studying abroad.
Some students support that we are supposed to go online.
It has a number of advantages , for example, we can gain knowledge on the Internet and it helps us broaden our minds.
What 's more, it's convenient for us to communicate and share with our friends.
However, others suggest not suffering the Internet.
An disadvantage of going online is that it's bad for our eyes.
In addition, so many students are abandoned into chatting online and playing computer games.
The most important is that it's a waste of time and energy.
In my opinion, every corn has two sides.
It's good for us to open our minds.
If we spend too much time in going online, it will do harm to our health as well as our study.
My teacher Recommended The me on http: //cythia.
Nowadays.chinease edcation was criticised because of its system.
Some people think that knowledge should be emphasized in education.
In my opinion, creativity is more important.
I have three points to interprete it .
The first , when people come into the society, kownledge is not so important like in school.many famous people achieved because of their creative, like bill gates.
The second, if you do not have enough knowledge, you can improve it with your working .
But if you are lack of creativity, it is not easy to change it.
In another hand, knowledge is also important in our life.
I think walking to work is better than driving to work.
One reason is that walking to my job is not stressful.
Another reason is faster when there is traffic.
Traffic is very heavy, now.
It moves slomly if driving.
The most important reason do not have to park the car.
It is very not comfortable if driving long time.
Driving to work is worse for the environment.
So I favourite is walking to work.
With the growing popularity of private cars in China, the quality of our lives has been considerably changed.
Our city faces with more and more traffic jam due to the fast rapid of the economy.
From my point of view, i am in favour of the idear that we should take some measures to keep a stable growing of cars numbers.
And obviously, the city can not hold the large number of cars.
In a addition, More cars mean more pollution.
We shouldn't ignore that how to potect the environment has become a serous problem.
So if we make such decisions, the environment will benefits from that.
So as us.
Limiting the cars must can desrease the accidents.
Of course, I have many things to prepare.
I will do my homework 5 hours a day, and I want to read some famous English books to improve my English study.
Then, I will see some books.
And, I will work hard to learn the mathematical.
I always be careless on the math exam.
I really have a large number of things to do, maybe It's busy and nervous.
But I like this sort of life.
I believe myself.
Nowadays, more and more people like online shopping.
And many people around me like my friends they also like shopping on line.
shoppping on line is becoming a fashion.
Online shopping has many benifits.
For example, you need not out your home and you can buy something you want.
And we can save much time to do other thing we need to do.
yes, online shopping has many benifits, but we all know everything has two side, and online shopping is not exceted.
Someone thinks money can bring happiness, so he works hard day and night; someone believes knowledge can bring happiness, so he studies all the time; still another considers a good lover can bring happiness, so when he is alone, he feels depressed.
I have a friend who will put down everything and stare at me with her touching eyes when I tell her I want to cherish our friendship.
I have a friend who can communicate with me online and send a long, long letter to cheer me up when I feel frustrated.
I have five friends who know how to tolerate my noise when I have to stay up late to work for school and understand my sorrow when I spend efforts but gain nothing.
I have a friend who has accompanied me more than fifteen years and most childhood's memory is about us.
Last year, one of my mother's colleagues passed away in a car accident.
In the summer vacation, I accompanied her to visit that colleague's wife.
Seeing that pathetic lady pretented to be fine with her heart-broken eyes, I was affected.
  I couldn't answer.
What's more, I still have spring's flowers, summer's rain, autumn's leaves and winter's snow; I still have warm sunshine, blue sky, cool breeze, and fresh air.
Sometimes that we strive hard to seek the bird of happiness, but we don't realize, it is just by our side.
A few days ago I met a stranger when I went to library in the centre of city At first he didn't say anything, only kept tinkering with his hand.
How I didn't know what he meant.
By the time I realize he to be dumb, I felt sorry for him.
Nevertheless I still didn't recognize his hand gestures.
Owing to I am in a hurry, I have to ask other people and I am very embarrassed said to him thank you.
At that time his facs showed expression of surprise, I can feel his sorrowful.
At last he still gave me his smile and said he was very sorry he can't help.
He is so optimistic, I think.
This experiencing let me appreciate no matter what kind of people can be happy in life.
Firstly, I would appreciate you helping me.
When I staied in America, my teacher gave me this dictionary.
so it is very precious for me.
In my memory, the dictionary may be in the bookcase.
I have got some halthyto food and drink.
Noodles meet rights vegetables fruit are healthy food.
Milk juice are healthy drink.
Color isn't health drink and hamburgers and ice cream are aren't healthy food.
According to the two paragraphs, we can clearly get the information about this topic.
And we often hear or see this phenomenon on the screen.
And just as we can see in this paragraph, Chinese tourists always do some bad things beyond seas.
When people in China see news like this, they always feel angry and embarrassed.
They will think why our Chinese couldn't have a good behavior, why the tourists even bring this bad behavior to abroad.
  But the answer is No  .
One reason we can easily know is that our children can't hold on themselves well, and often do things at will even our adults as well.
They will do everything they want to do as long as their parents didn't blame to them.
Their parents, however, didn't have a well-developed life qualities.
When their children do such things like this, they may say nothing to stop their children, on the contrary, they may encourage their children and are proud of which they have already done.
Another reason is just like the author said, what made this situation happened because of a lack of cultural communication.
When our tourists go aborad, we may do something as we often do in our families, we think it's no more common in our daily life.
However the people in that countries didn't think as our ways, they believe what our tourists want to destroy their treasure.
But in fact the truth is that our tourists may just want to do something meaningful.
And there is a big misunderstanding in it.
It's a good way to study some cultures when we decide to go that country for a visit.
China.
We all know that, the South Keroa, which used the system so many years, had resisted the system before a couple of month ago.
Obviously, the NRS can prevent those growning-ups from internet creams.
Also, can less students to be addicted to online-games.
So, the NRS is really a double-edge sword.
Totay, I most like Mother'Day at the all east festival .
The season is that I love my mom, and it is a very imported festival.
On the other hand , I'm really love my school.
And I consider myself was able to make our school better and more beauytiful.
First, I have studied here for two years.
Thus , I know the school's everything.
I have also participated in the student union and I know what we should do.
If i am elected , I will do my best to make our school better.
My speech is over.
I dreamt of the university various sciences when I was young.
After high school after three yeas of affort , I went to the dream of university last September 6th.
It embarrassed for me that it took me a few hours to find the school , because I can not find the way .
I remembered that I did not recognize no one else , it made me feel lonely even helpless , I did not know that what I can do at that time when I faced all strange , also was almost in tears .
At other times , I would participate in some activities , like took part in the student union , listened so many nice songs , and saw the beauties dancing .
As far as I am concerned , the college life is so great , and I love the university very much , I will good study and get good grades at this school .
At the other side of the world live such creatures whom been alleged that being endowed with heart songs throughout their whole lives.
A creature without a flipper, but can still fly  to your heart with their innocence.
This is a common story concerning the lives of Happy Feet, penguins on the land.
From all accounts, penguins are taken as the patron saints of the South Pole.
It is a common morning of everyday life, penguins do their procedures of fishing, singing, frolicking, which have become their regularities in the course of gregarious lives.
In this limitless and pure white world, Being penguins exempts them from all the trials and tribulations of mundane life.
On this common morning with everyday sunshine, penguin family members content themselves with just being together and sharing this glory brimming with eternal sunshine.
  Idleness is the most attractive thing towards all the people.
They adore each other guided by their intuition.
They live this sort of simple life sharing the joys and secrets as well as griefs.
Wherever you are and whoever you may be, for thousands of years, a wall of detachment and untruth have been built up between people.
Gone was those barely emotions of pursuing simple lives, when we looked back, years of growing have sapped us of our innocence.
We're prone to blur the distinction between desire and what we really need.
In the face of all adversities, out of deference to life's regularities , the only way human beings can be strong is to be the most adaptable man.
For thousands of years, we adore the way that animals live.
Things we can gain from penguins are that joy in lives comes from having fine emotion, trusting others.
Every day bring with it different sunshine in our homes and hopes.
We just at the beginning of a new day, leisurely and idly.
There are lots of Chinese tradition Chinese Festivals.
There are Spring Festivals, Lantern Festicals, Tomb-sweeping Festivals, Dragon Boat Fstivals, Mid-Autumn Festivals and so on.
At spring festival, we have a big family dinner.
We can eat delicious food.
And I can wear my beautiful clothes, and my new shoes.
And I aiways get a Hongbao.
It means lucky money.
I can make dumplings wath my mother.
I can help my father clean my house.
I will visit my grandparents.
And I will play with my good friends.
We can make a snowman together.
The son said:  Dad , I am a bit worried about disposing of nuclear waste,  the father said:  If you can empty the dustbin here, you can do everything.
In you study , you want to make progess, you should do something step by step, but if you want to suceed immediately, you can get nowhere , besides, in you life , when you climb a mountain , you should also climb step by step , rather than a step to reach the top of the mountain .
everyone is not the ability.
the government also to do this.
Nowadays, an increasing number of people prefer to communicate on the internet.
But people hold different views about it, some people are of the opinion that network communication is a kind of communication advance.
As for me.
I agree to the former idea.
Because communicating on the internet is sign that mean our world have entered a high speed development environment .
It is a place where a person can learn large amounts of knowledge of nature, society and science.
Despite global economic downturn and luxury tax jump up, the enthusiasm of Chinese purchasing luxury goods have not decline.
Since 2000, China's economy growing rapidly and Chinese consumers' purchasing power increase with each passing day.
The purchasing of luxury goods is affected by continued growth of China GDP.
  When it comes to 2013, according to a report by Goldman Sachs, China's luxury consumption accounts for 25% of the global market, making China second only to Japan in global luxury consumption (as cited in Understanding luxury consumption in China: Consumer perceptions of best-known brands, 2011).
There is no doubt that the raising economy is a significant reason encouraging Chinese buy luxury, but there also have multiple causes.
First of all, individual psychological activity can influence Chinese motivation of buying luxury goods.
(as cited in Luxury values and experience as drivers for consumers to recommend and pay more)However, individual values can be separated in two parts, which are hedonism and self-identity.
Hedonism is connected to personal rewards and compliance (as cited in Luxury values and experience as drivers for consumers to recommend and pay more).
People buy those luxuries to gift and satisfy themselves.
In addition, consumers choose products not only focus on luxury's performance and quality but also consider the extension of product value, which means they want distinguished service.
The motivation about buying luxury is to be treated in a superior way and be identified as a successful person.
, 2013)Furthermore, motivation of Chinese buy luxury goods is associated with self-identity.
Some people in China becomes wealthier and wealthier.
They want to show their economic strength through holding luxury products.
Meanwhile extrinsic oriented also affect motivation of Chinese buying luxury products.
External influence is bringing by a social group.
People use luxury products to show their social status and integration into a social circle.
Luxury goods show a person's taste and their role in society.
When a person's economic strength reaches a certain height, they would tend to seek social status.
However, the luxury goods can commendably reflected their position in society.
People who do not have enough food or have low social status will never consider buying a Patek Philippe watch.
According to Sandra Maria Correia Loureiro a, n, Cristiano Mineiro Branco de Arau jo b(2013) states that Social values are closely linked to what others say and reflect the participation of the community and society in general  , so this phenomenon lead to a consumption view, which is herd consumption.
Consumers would not buy luxury product independently, they pay more attention to high social status that bring by those products.
Whereas, poplar fashion of luxury goods are not immutable.
It will be changed with the changing of popular themes.
  Moreover, they often effect by public taste and what is popular.
Chinese social method is anther cause affects the consumption of luxury goods.
Thus, people may get useful information though giving luxury goods.
Courtesy calls for reciprocity is a common way in Chinese traditional culture of communication.
Precious gifts will show more respect, so luxury will be the first choice.
To sum up, as all the information showing above present that Chinese people purchase luxury by given three perspectives that clearly describe Chinese buying patterns.
Consequently, luxury market can segment consumers to different groups.
  The results of our research Dr. Tucker concluded, did not support these opinions.
Hurry hurry up.
After the meeting please take your paper and thing.
keep down all An electric appliances.
example: lamp, Air-conditioning.
March 7, 2014.
Parents are presons who makes us come to this world.
Parents give us life, but that means they should give us future.
In contemporary society, many parents spend too much time helping and determining their children's future.
They think in this way can give their children a sunlight and seplendid future.
But in my opinion it is not absolutely right.
There is no doubt that as elders parents have more expenience than children.
As we mature and grow older, we look back on what parents tould us and appreciate how right they were.
For example, the waay to get along with persons.
The good habits which we must keep.
The healthy attitude to life.
In these general direction, parents help childern making choice is really necessary.
But, parents should not do all the decisions for children.
On some part of the things in life children can make the choice for theirselves.
For example, which extracurricular activities they should attent.
Which friends they want to play with.
Which books they need to read.
How to allot their pocket money and how to arrangements for learning and activites.
Parents do all these choices for children is no good for them.
It only let children lost self-mangagement skills and independent thinking ability.
And these abilites are very imporpent.
In modern society, if they don't have these abilities, they can not choose in this complicated world.
Maybe they will miss opportunities and challenges.
Maybe they will lost success because of low ability.
In conclusion, parents should direct children in general direction and let them go in thire own life.
Finally, I want to say, everyone's future is in our own hands.
Parents can not always for you .
But now, some person come out to cancel the spring festive party , they thought that there are too many commercials in the spring festive party and the style of the party were in the same every year.
In fact, most of people are still like to watch the spring fetive party .
I do not deny that not to establish free libraries has its own merits.
Just as saying goes, Knowledge is power  .
In our society now, we are just chained to hard work and poverty all our life if we don't have any knowledge.
However, Read ten thousand books, travel ten thousand miles  , we could acquire knowledge through reading books if libraries were established in each town.
Secondly, many people have no more money to buy books, and they can just live from hand to mouth.
Last but not least, if our government establish free libraries in each town, instead of going to other places to play, many people would like to go to libraries to read books.
In this way, our country would be full of atmosphere of reading books.
Obviously, we can conclude from the foregoing reasons that the government should establish free libraries in each town.
It's also good for students.
The story is based on the us Civil War.
At first, she thought Ashley Wilkes as her Mr Right.
But Ashley had a major crush on gentle and kind Melanie .
After a short time , he went to his hometown in the war.
there is a man Rhett still always loving Scarlett.
finally, they got married.
but the woman was still loving Ashley so that they had a difficult time getting on with each other.
Because of their daughter's death they hated deeply with each other.
As I can see, love is complicated that we should use a long time to find our true love.
we should cherish what we have now, love the people around us.maybe you love something better than the first one, but you didn't know about it.
How that we have graduate from the senior high and began our college life.
Thous is my rough plan.
and with them.
I believe my winter vacation would be meanful and colorful.
My winter holiday plans me studying for my Englishi, I will make great efforts to learn English.
In my class, there are forty-eight students.
Our teachers lessons last for forty minute.
We do something in class, example convercation in English.
Our English teather is excellent, and she explains English grammer so cleearly, so than we aren't worry about grades.
We can know each other as well as get along well.
It is centain that if pretty independent will be too difficuIt to get on well.
Also a school doesn't have enough computers for students to use.
I think a good teacher-student relationship is mutually beneficial.
Firstly, teacher can teach us a lot of knowledge which we don't learn before.
They also teach students some good quality so that we can be a kind person.
When we built a good relationship, we can study more and more active and we can always communicates with them when we have troubles.
The second, our students can make teachers feel that they were young forever, we can deliver them our energy and passion to them.
Teachers can work in a happy environment.
The last, teacher and student can become friends.
Whenever we go, we will remember our friend  .
So, a good teacher-student relationship is mutually beneficial.
Interpersonal relationship is our life an important component.
To improve the relationship between colleagues, you need to learn from the other point of view to consider problem, is good at the appropriate self sacrifice.
To provide opportunities to help others, the realization of the goal of life, to deal with interpersonal relationship is very important.
In the modern society, people are not only satisfied with go to the mall shopping but also they made the online shopping.
Then it has become a fashion trend to shopping online.
Online shopping has obvious advantages.
On the one hand, it is convenient.
On the other hand, online shopping continuously offers various products to meet consumers'differing needs lifestyle.
However, each coin has two sides.
Secondly, online shopping also is troublesome at the same time.
When you require to exchange or refund what you purchase.
It becomes extremely boring.
According to my own experience.
Last but not least, Do not anxious to get things on the cheap.
In recent years there has been a dramatic in the intelligent phones.
The fact that intelligent phones are so popular that they are useful and convient.
Use intelligent phones.
Can make us to find others easily and quickly, there are also have many games music.
Course we usually use it, chat two online.
However, every coin.
Has sides now some people can no longer imagine life without their intelligent phones, because of the more and more chatting online our face to face skills may decline.
And more and more students use intelligent phones on class.
As you know, more and more people are born in the world, you can see people here and there.
On the one hand, many places are short of food, water as well as energy.
The traffic can be busy in some big cities.
What's more, the environment seems to be awful.
In order to solve these problems, the government is taking action.
My Life in The future In ten years, I think I will be a doctor.
And I will live in Qingdao.
As a doctor, I think it's a interesting and difficult jobs, and I must to study biology hard now.
And I want to have a pet dog, I can't have any pets now because my mother hates them.
If you often see other eyes when you talk about with else.
If you not, it isn't a good habit.
Listen to others carefully that will make he fell be respected.
Then when parents and they child have a bad relationship don't worry.
You should listen to your child that what do they say.
Maby you can find some new things of your child.
Listening not only can make a good relationship between parents and children but also can improve friendship with your friends.
In short I think we should see others eyes and shakehead.
The others don't think so .
They make sure that more knowledge means more chances.
because they think parents' decisions are the best .
but he waste many time on it , it's a very bad thing for him .
so , if parents really want their kids to have their own life , they should ask kids do you like.
 not  i think you will like .
 percent of the students think that an entrance fee shouldn't be charged.
In their opinion, the park is a public place where people can get relief of the cares of the day.
If the entrance fee is charged, it is neccessary to build the gate and wall .
 percent of the students hold the opposite opinion.
They think that the entrance fee should be charged at a low price.
In this way, the workers who work in the park can get well paid.
I think that parrots make the best pets.
First, parrot can live for up to 50 years.
As a result, they can stay with you for almost half your lives.
Second, parrot can know your mood easily.
For example, when you are unhappy, the parrot will make you happy though many different ways.
Third, parrot is very clever because it can talk, this is very funny and interesting.
A parrot will bring you a lots of happiness for many years.
There's no doubt that a parrot makes very good pet.
I am glad to introduce my hometown to you.
I come from X.
It is a small city but it is beautiful.
but the main river is Y river.
long history of paper, A lot of people like the X of paper.
And the snack very famous .
For eaxmple, HUShi MeiWenDing.
There are also several cinema halls, some amusement parks and have mang flower and tree.
Last, I hope you visit my hometown.
With time goes by, I have passed a wonderful year.
Now I was a sophomore, graduated from this college just a year.
Although sometimes I couldn't speak English well, my classmates still give me pertinent advice and encourage.
Such as I spent all day play the computer games or watch so many movies.
I realize I didn't learn how to range my time reasonal.
The evaluation of teachers is no respect for teachers.
Dear Tim I realize you hope to go to china for teaching English.
This is a good change that forward high school need anEnglish teacher.
Nonetheless the school require to teach two class and ten class for a week.
As an English teacher should be responsible to the school English activity in free time.
And will provide round trip tickets.
Also accommodation which is free.
Finally you must teach English have one semester.
As far as I am concerned you can do it well and the job is appropriate for you.
I intend to see you soon.
During the winter holiday, I had the Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is very improtant to Chinese people.
In Spring Festival, people always get together with their family, and have a big meal.
The Spring Festival of this year was no exception.
My family got together.
We had so many delicious food for dinner.
I also got the lucky money after meal.
We all knew it's bad for the environment if many peopleset off firecrackers.
In our life, there are some hare-like lovers.
They are gentle, kind and common.
They give you a peaceful life.
Although you can not strongly feel their love, it does steadily exists in every piece of life.
It's more real than dull.
But few of us cherish this kind of lovers.
You may be not satisfied with this dull life and want to explore for something exciting.
An evil mind of hunting come up.
As a fox-like lover, it is yong, beautiful and charming.
It gives you every romantic experience you want.
You can live in a sweet period of time, dancing, singing, admiring the stars.
However, in general, much too beautiful things are not long, a beautiful face may hide an evil mind.
After indulging in creature comforts, you only be left with a broken heart.
As for the fox-like lover, it has already gone with your treasures.
At this moment, you are frustrated, painful and think back of all the wrong you did.
The scene of the kind hare gradually flow in front of your sight, like a sop bubble, easily crashed when you stretch to touch it.
All the so-called dull time for you in the past has been a desire now.
Keeping those old things in memory is the end of the story.
On the other hand, there are some advantages.
At first, it is convenient for office workers to go to conmany.
They can go to work on time.
to go by driving.
However, there are also some disadvantages.
And the more and more traffic accidents are happening, many families were hurted.
been polluted.
In a word, everything has two ways.
Explore the effect of CYP2E1.
Methods: Sixty Wistar male rats were divided equally into six groups stochasticly, including control group (NS) and five test substances treatment groups (ACR 20mg/kg, inductor alcohol 200mg/kg, ACR 20mg/kg+alcohol 200mg/kg, inhibitor sodium diethyl dithiocarbamate(DDC) 20mg/kg, ACR 20mg/kg+DDC 20mg/kg respectively).
It was analysed that the cellular components of primary spermatocyte, prespermatid and spermatoon in seminiferous tubules / stage.
Results: Compared with control group, spermatozoa count decreased significantly and teratospermia and GSH levels increased significantly in ACR, ACR+alcohol and ACR+DDC groups, Other indexes did not change significantly.
Unconsciously, With the inauguration increasingly difficult, led to graduates' Costs in Job-hunting increased.
Why is it, to my way of thinking, it has two root cause.
One reason is that models of employment concepts, most of graduates' are great pains in order to job, focus on clothing, dress, appearance, and the first line on the resume writing case.
The result is to resume the more the system more luxurious, the clothes are more and more expensive.
This excessive packaging, a direct result of the increase in the costs in Job-hunting.
The second reason is that limitations of employment job search, the main form of Graduate Employment Job only at job fairs or to participate in the recruitment exams held all over the country, to the employing units to promote direct contact with the employer and so on.
And virtually increase of graduates' spend much money to transportation, accommodation and communications.
in my opinion, that just a social phenomenon.
As college students, we should correct job attitude, and to focus on improving the level of knowledge and ability as well as the quality.
Ability and responsibility of the employer and do not look at the resume, college students pay more attention to work.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I will have my own family , probably with a lovely child.
I will be very happiniess living with my family.
I hope I'll be a artist.
I will hold art exhibition in everywhere of the world.
In my free time, I'll continue to take regular exercise, such as swimming, running and all kinds of ball games.
I'll read books that I like.
Maybe, I will be going for a walk with my family after dinner in ten years.
Edison said that genius was 99 percent diligence and 1 percent intelligence.
With summer holiday coming, I could not wait to relax myself.
I enjoyed surfing the Internet , playing computer games and going out with friends.
The life which was without homework made me feel desperately excited.
With the time passing fast, I suddenly realized that I hadn't finished my homework completely.
The retribution came soon.
Other students were studying hard while I was playing the game.
Some people like living in the city, because city life has many advantages.
And there are also quite a lot of schools, universities that provide good education.
They think there are more job opportunities in the city, life there is more colorful and meaningful than that in the country.
First, it is close to the outdoors, the air being fresh.
As a college student, I would like live in the city, because there are more opportunities, and the growth space is big can do more valuable things.
Such as we can drink a tea, read newspapers or go out to relax ourselves.
People always make dumplings on on New Year's Eve, I did it as well.
It was very diffcult for me to make a perfect dumpling.
So I learnt from my grandma, she did well in it.
Finally, you should hold the pancake with your palm and put the filling in the center and wrap it into half-moon shaped and seal the edges.
Recently A topic upon that is offering seats compulsory for young bus riders causes of a hot debate .
Some people are in favour of it .
They have two main reasons .
On the one hand, offering seats is a great behavior .
It could introduce a helpful character.
On the other hand, it reflects traditional virtue which are respecting the elderly and caring children, the disable.
However, other people are in disagreement with it.
As far as I am concerned, offering seats isn't essential to be compulsory for young bus riders .
But we'd better to form a habit of offering seats for others.
On the one hand, most people who marry and have children need a steady reliable income because of their family responsibilities (even if they are dissatisfied with their jobs).
On the other hand, most people are ambitious and want to improve their careers as rapidly as possible, and try their best to do the same job.
Certainly some people change careers because of many kinds of reasons, but almost everyone marries, everyone likes security (financial, physical and emotional) and everyone has ambition.
Along with the development of society, college students are required to take part in some social practice, such as being an assistant in companies, or doing surveys, especially during the holidays.
Social practice is gradually becoming more essential for China higher education.
I think it is necessary for college students to participant in social practice.
However, social practice may bring some problems.
Today more and more people pay attention to the blind-date show.
Different people have different idea about this TV program.
In my view, blind-date show is a good way.
On the one hand, many people with the work pressure, don't have too much time find their boyfriend or girlfriend.
They can find their spouse quickly use this way.
Compared with traditional blind-date, we can save time to know the information that you want to know and make friends widely.
My first time to touch English, I can't understand the meaning of what teacher's say, and can't follow reading.
I was quite worried and confused.
I think only got the way to learning, you'll overcome what you met.
Doing exercise is essential in my daily life.
Latin dance is my favourite sport which I dance twice a week.
Sometimes I will do some Yoga , sometimes I prefer running in the school playground .
I also take ballet lessons which turns out the most difficult thing I've ever experienced.
Since I like challenges, I'm willing to persist in learning ballet until I can conquer it .
Besides, I desire to travel around the whole world in the future.
That means I need to make a huge amount of money .
Thus I should work harder and harder from now on.
Studying English brings me a lot of happiness.
As an old saying goes : No pain, no gain.
there are lots of after-school activities in our school, such as, sports, art, seeing English films and so on.
I enjoy the activities so much.
I love playing badminton and drawing best.
Because I can keep fit by doing sports and also relax myself.
And I can give you some advice so that you can enjoy yourselves.
First, you have to choose the activities that you'are interested in.
Second, you'd better spend proper time on it in order not to affect your study.
Friends, if you want to lead a happy life and learn more skills, welcome to after-school activities.
Above all, this activity provide us with a channel through with I could broaden my hdorizon on English study.
The better methods of study could be introduced to those students as well.
Enthusiasmand enthusiasm are my personality, which are based on my independent ability.
Wha is more, Communication ability is effective for us to solve various problems in that job, which I have been practicing in my study and activities in our campus life.
It is my great honor to be one of the candidates in this application, you will not regret to choose me as a volunteer teacher for this job.
As is known to us, English is becoming more and more popular nowadays.
So quite a few Chinese students begin to learn English.
And most of the students study by taking English classes in school.
Everyone needs to get a suitable education.
So an excellent English teacher is needed.
In my opinion, the best way to learn English is using it.
We should make full use of each time that we can practice our English skills.
Also, we are not suppored to translate every word into Chinese and understand it.
However, many English teachers teach their students in this way.
The main reason is the greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide, methane ang so on.
However, this gases a large number of emission which the reason is people burn fossil minerals to generate energy and deforestation, and the burning of Carbon Dioxide, in addition, the forest a number of a decrease so that reduce the Carbon Dioxide absorption.
These gases increase in the atmosphere like wearing a thick sweater.
In my opinion, the government should take measures to reduce the burning of the fossil.
More and more goods are packed well.
Some commodity packaged of several layers, but the product itself value is not great.
The reason is the first packaging look good to attract customers that is increase business sales.
Second relative in the festival are gifts of beautiful package what will make people feel a face.
I think that the goods do not need excessive packaging.
Businesses should understand the essence of commodity to sell rather than sell rather than sell appearance.
  in old times.
Even by now many old people consider it as truth.
Personally, i think this is a totally prejudice.
However science research shows that generally women are cleverer than men in many situations.
Maybe most of the people would think that Vera is courageous, sensitive and kind, yes, i agree with that.
She could loved the man six years ago, and also could wrote to him, breaking their romantic relationship when she found the man trivialized their love and he was selfish.
After six years separation, Vera chose leave the man again without hesitation because she recognized he was not changed at all.
besides, she not only remembering the details of happy old days but also understanding better the strongly feelings of pains and joys.
Thus I think her character must have defect--too sensitive, which is one of the vital reasons for the one break heart easily, and to be cautious to restart a new relationship.
Her ex-lover, a self-involved and egotistical man, who was total incomprehension of Vera's thoughts and feelings.
He restored to his old habit of interrupting her, never paid attention to Vera's plight and continued to talk about himself and his travels, at the end of the story, he had the audacity to put forward that they were both self-engrossed, all of that had showed his shortages clearly.
With the development of the third industrial revolution, the society into an information age.
In recent years, Almost every family has access to the internet.
Cyber space bring people advantages -please-sure and convenience.
Cyber space bring people advantages.
To begin with, We chat on the internet, We frequently communicate with families and friends, We can get along well with them.
We can do shopping.
We not only save money, but also rescue time.
In addition, We can read novels on the internet.
Students can do homework with the help of the internet.
Google and Baidu are conveniently searching engines.
We can get full of information.
Such as sports.
Nevertheless, Cyber space bring us problems.
First, Cyber space is full of dirty, Unhealthy and violent information.
For example, Internent of fraud may consume our time, energy and money.
Numbers students are addicted to computer games, Lead to some students don't continue school.
Computer v-irues are frequent and annoying.
Traveling is very exciting for everyone.
If you haven't enough time, you will take a trip to the nearby mountains for climbing or having a picnic and go to the beaches for swimming and sunbath with family members.
Nowadays, a lot of young people go to another cities to find satisfying jobs.
The lonely life of the aged people is painful, so we should take attention on them.
When I chat with them, all of they said that them want to play basketball forever.
But they haven't trained difficultly as the Professional basketball player.
As we all know , the first step is as good as half over and a watched pot never boils.
Everybody is various.
In this way , we should try our best to chase who is more intelligent than us.
The fire is the test of gold; adversity is the test of a strong man.
When we have to face to difficult , we should know patience and the application will carry us through.
Everyone has a dream .
If you want to make your dream came turn , you should try your best to do it.
One day, I alone think about English problems.
When I am in a mystery.
I thank my friends to help me solve the problem.
We set up a study group.
If so the problem very difficult that we don't solve the problem.
We'll the teacher for help.
By studying group learning English and by asking the teacher for help is my secret of learning English.
If you want to learn English, you also find a way.
Firstly, I like English very much.
Thirdly, learning English has changed my habits.
Since I learned English, I have become very hard.
Friendship is a very important emotion , and it makes a very essential influence in our life .
First of all , if you get something introuble , friends can give you necessary heip.
When something makes you sadness or annoyance, friendship is the best medicine to cure your anguish.
It doesn't make you feel loneliness, because friends will accompany you.
If you are puzzled for a choice, they will give you more useful suggestion.
When you stand big pressure, you can chat with your friends about your idea.
Never forget your friends whenever what you encounter.
You must believe the power of friendship.
Everyone has the equal chance to success, realizing their dream.
Why someone succeeded and someone failed.
Many people envy other people's success.
At the same time, they blamed God, thinking God is eccentric and doesn't give them the opportunity.
'so do I.
It is vividly showed that the dove failed to find the true reason of the wafting of the strange smell.
It wants to wipe off the unpleasant smell just by removing the nest, but it is not aware of that the way to remove cannot solve the problem, and the unpleasant smell still waves around the dove to annoy it and leads to a bad mood.
After it removed its nests for several times, the smell still exists, it should turn to find the other reason at that moment.
After reading the fable, it tells us a fact that sometimes we cannot find the truth of one thing and it may confuse us for a long time, at that moment, we should try to find another reason, and for many times, we must exam our own conscience.
With the development of society, there is a joke around young people .
I've done it hundreds of time''.
All in all.
English is easy, but you must be careful with learning words.
I am glad to help you remember English word.
First of all, it's important to read English word aloud every day.
What's more, you should remeber 10-20 words a day.
Because it is good for you.
At last, it's a best way to write down the mistakes on your notebook.
In a word, I suggest you remember words every day.
In my opinion, only if we deal with it very well, online shopping is very useful .
I don't have time and i want to do during famter.
I am hope have many time give me study and outdoor.
When I was asked the country I'd like to go.
Switzerland occurred to my mind.
It located in the middle of Europe, covering an area of 4.1 square kilometers.
Switzerland has a population of 7.5 million people.
The capital of Switzerland is Beme.
Maybe you don't know about it, but you must hear about Geneva.
Switzerland is a developed country in Europe.
They are Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
I know something else about Switzerland.
It famous for the watch and the development of chemistry.
Shopping is the thing important in the history.
People did this thing possiblely.
And it developed now.
It is a fashion way in the world.
However, it also has good ways and bad ways.
First, it is easily to buy and easily to get.
Life has its ups and downs, and as Johnson well says, we must experience  .
Nowadays, more and more museum is going to be open to the public for free.
On the one hand, museum is an invisible spiritual assets, but not everyone is wealthiness enough to visit, just because of this, we need the free resources .
There are many dancers encouraging me on the way when I grow up.
Neverless X is the greatest dancer that inspired me.
X is a younger and excellent dancer, she is also my best friend.
There are three aspects that she influences on me.
First of all she is very working hard in the class.
After class when I saw her, there are many sweats on her face always.
Secondly, she very like dance.
When we talk together, she has many questions about dancing ask for me.
Last but not least, she is very charming on the stage.
I feel very lucky that I have a good friend.
She always gives me some encouragements.
My homeown is located in the northeast of Anhui Provience .
But my birth place is a small village in Huainan.
It is surrounded by a famous river whose name is Huaihe river .
The clear water flowing quietly near my huose everyday.
In summer , I always liking seating in the ground and looking at the sky every evening .
Even though my hometown is smal , it has a quantity of earth where grows all kinds of crops.
Walking along the narrow road , breathing the freash air and you will fell that's so wonderful.
Countryside is always peace and serenity.
I still remember when I was young , we , all cherden got together to go swimming , having a bath in river which makes you feel comefortable every summer day.
And old people always would like to seat under the big tree, playing cheers or having a talk and etc.
Apart from this , my hometown is famous with the soup of beef .
It really sweets good.
And it has all sorts of fishes in fish ponds.
It's big and weight.
Not only the environment and specialty are beautiful and famous , but slao the people in my hometown is kind and good.
In high school, teacher Li came to our school, and he said that you have to undergo countless hardships and tremendous sacrifice to achieve any success.
Whatever you 're going through , tell yourself you can handle it.
In the book , it must be admitted that there is no better school than adversity.
Teacher Li is asserted that let us learn how to improve the quality of our life .
Take time to think , it is the source of power .
Take time to read, it is the foundation of wisdom.
Take time to be friendly, it is the road to happiness.
Although I like teacher Li very much, as well as his words.
If you want it and you dream about it , there's nothing that's going to stop you.
So, in this term, I will try my best to study.
In many people's eyes, loser is a bad word.
I rember this , because I learned a lot about writing study and I meeted my English teacher on 2014.
The people that got a protessional degree have 2.4percent of the unemployment rate, and the master have 3.6 percent of the unemployment rate.
The people that got a Baxhelor's degree have 4.9 precent of the unemployment rate.
Besides, the people that got a associate degree and didn't got degree have 6.8 percent of the unemployment rate and 8.7 percent of the unemployment rate.
some people only went to the high school, their unemployment rate is 9.4 percent.
Nowadays, we found that many university students never say thanks to their parents.
First, parents and children living together.
It's very familiar with each other.
So it is shyness to say thanks to their parents.
Second, children like to take actions rather than says.
As I said above, students can take actions to thanks their parents.
For example, give them a warm hug when you went home or buy some gifts during the festival.
Even, you can talking with them.
Perhps, students should ovecome shyness, because they are your parents, no one will laugh at you.
We are glad to inform you that we had shipment the goods of No J-29 Sales Contract by Pearl and transshipment at Hongkong by the May flower  .
Nowadays many students in English learning do not take the spelling.
Many of them think that spelled their English study useless.
Appear this kind of circumstance is the cause of the various factors caused by the comprehensive.
On one hand, from students'speaking, they lack of self-control, more rice and lack of interest for learning English.
In addition, they do not take the spelling above his business is the one big drawback.
The school pay attention to the training of students'English examination skills and relying only on a lot of the topic thus ignore students' basic training.
In order to change this situation, I think the school should pay more attention to students'basic training and increase students to spelling attention.
The teacher should strictly to spelling checks to the students have very good urged role.
Everybody, attention please.
The library is located on 15 FuKang Road.
There are over 3200000 books, about 6000 DvDs and CDs.
You can find magazines and newspapers from 1990 up to now.
If necessary, you also can ask for surfing the internet.
The library opens from 8:30 to 19:00 except on Monday and Friday mornings.
You can walk to it or take No.47,48 Buses.
It is worth reading books with your family or friends during holidays.
I hope what they has been mentioned will be helpful and wish you have a good time.
There is a visual picture bellow which concerning about the rumors on the internet.
As we can see, the rumors on the internet are so harmful that to be described as mines.
Because using computers are extremely convenient and interesting.
Nevertheless when it comes to some people, things are not wonderful.
Especially the famous and the rich.
Because the internet can spread the wrong information fast.
And doing a lot of harm to people in mental and physical.
For example, a few months ago there was a rumor that our country's salt is running out.
And it made the price went up strongly.
This phenomenon made a negative influence on our daily life.
Moreover, many newspaper magazines often publish some things of the super stars which are not true.
I suppose we should establish much more perfect system to prevent the people spreading the rumor.
Noboby wants to become friend with him.
The Great Wall is the symbol of china.
I was the first time visited the Great Wall with my foreign friend.
so I take a prefect plan to travel.
first we got up early in the morning .
We began to climb the Great Wall , although the weather is very hot , but we still insist on down , when the noon we finally reached the top .
Meanwhile we took a lot of pictures, and then we came back home , although we are very tired .
Above all, you should cheer up and be happy, I want you to be happy, that's the most important thing.
Everybody wants to an interesting weekends, so i think making a plans for me is very important.
On the Saturday morning , i'm going to get up later until eleven o'clock.
And in the afternoon, i'm going to see my good friends.
On the Saturday morning, 'm going to have to do my homework.
And in the afternoon, i'm going to have my English lesson, it's my favourite lesson.
Someone may say:  The most innocent one is the happiest.
Great changes have taken place in Chinese family life in the past 30years.
When they were young, there was no TV, no computers, and so on.
To be honest, as far as I'm concerned, I like Spring more than any other seasons, including Autumn.
I like the color of green, because it looks so live and cheerful.
And as you know, when Spring is coming, trees are getting more and more green.
Eveything seems so hopeful, if only you worked harder, could you succeed, at least in my opinion.
While in Fall, everything differs exactly from that in Spring.
There won't be many green trees or green things around your surroundings.
What's more, you don't be happy any more.
So that's why I don't like Autumn very much, especially when it contrasts with Spring.
A large number of students like reading .
Many students prefer to read books in the library , but more students like electronic readers .
As far as I am concerned , as college students, we should preserve the paper books and also stay open to the electronic readers .
Because when we think of the electronic readers , the first thing that come to my mind is that it is convenient for us .
Firstly , it is very simple and easy to download e-books through the internet , you can download and start reading them within minutes without leaving our home, and we do not have to go to a bookstore to buy them .
Fourthly , the electronic readers take up less space , we do not leave any space to store them .
But every coin has two sides .
Electronic readers also have many disadvantages .
Firstly , it is harmful for our eyes , when we spend numerous time in reading e-books .
At the same time , the radiation from the electronic readers is harmful for our health .
We prefer to stay at home to read e-books instead of going to the library .
In my opinion , I think that we should use the subjective eyes to analyse it .
On the one side , the electronic readers are the symbol of the development of technology .
J-29 under the goods have been shipped per S.
This is about system at cost price plus freight turnover.
  I can introduce you to the Great Wall and its history.
We talked a lot, and we were happy.
First, you should try your best to learn English well to have more communications with others.
Second, being willing to help people can make a good impression to others.
Dont give up and be confident.
As is vividly depicted in the material above, the report says that the people who practice square dancing had influenced the neighborhood residents seriously.
Thus, this issue had giving rise to a lot of confrontations between them.
And the residents in order to prevent themselves from the loud music's disturbing, they take some measures to against the people.
For instance, they fired a shotgun into the air to make the practicing square dancing people sacred and go away.
What's worse, the residents who are living in Hubei province threw rubbish at people who are dancing.
Confronted with this confrontation, students are much wiser than those residents, the just organized a silent protest against that phenomenon which people playing loud music by blocking the stage of the dancer in a square.
Dancing is good thing for people to build up their bodies.
Meanwhile, dancing can make them more active and let them lead a happy life.
What's more, the people who are dancing are supposed to understand that other people who are baby or elder people need have a rest , especially, at night.
If the voice of music is too loud, the baby and elder people cannot feel asleep.
For this, maybe do harm to their health both physically and mentally.
Besides, the residents should take a effective measure to solve this problem, rather than do some bad things, such as, scaring others or throwing rubbish at others, which is unwise.
Last but not least, the residents and the dancing people shouldn't have so many confrontations.
All of them need step on others' position to think things.
For one thing, the residents should make a understanding that people dance to train which is not only to build up body, but also, motivate other people to practice.
To put it in a nutshell, the residents and practicing square dancing they must understand noting is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.
They can solve this issue perfectly and peacefully.
On the one hand, some people support that e-book is necessary in the furture.
when it comes to spring festival, most of the chnese people would like to set together with their family members.
they talk about the pasted year and the coming year.
they think the spring festival gala is a wonderful way to celebrate the spring festival.
because the spring festival gala shows the great artists' work by the TV.
diffrent people like diffrent things, for me i like the short sketch.
i'll never miss the short sketch made by zhaobenshan, guodegang, fenggong, panchangjiang and so on.
the teenagers like the famous stars' shows specially.
and for the older , perhaps the Folk art are their favorite.
for the audience the like all kinds of programs .
First, this is love.
And language is at the heart of the Internet, for Net activity is interactivity.
According to Mesthrie et al.
Many college students have unhealthy habits.
Many students may sleep very late after we come to college, and even some student may sleep at 3 a.m.
It leads us to have no energy next day.
And it is dreadful for our health, it may make us get many diseases.
When we got to the university, we have more spare time, the Internet is convenient, and many people are addicted to the Internet.
So many boys will play computer games all night or even cut class, they may not drink or eat.
It wastes the education and it is bad for our body.
We have heard a lot of cases that someone is syncope and even be dead with playing computer games.
Information on the Internet is large and complex, it is very convenient to shop on the internet, many people are addicted to the Internet shopping.
It can easily lead to excessive consumption.
Unhealthy habits are easy to form, but it is not easy to be corrected.
If we want to correct it, we should make strict time schedules.
If we cannot do it by ourselves, we can ask our roommate to give some help.
Of course, I have a lot of unhealthy habits, too.
Such as, many things that I can do now, but I am usually procrastination.
I have made some plans to do it.
Last week, i receipeted some staff complainted to me that our purchased the laptops from DEF company.
I receipted a call from PatBaker, the sales representative of ABC company, he would like to collct suggestions from our company, he added that two engineers to bring back the faulty equipment.
The use and maintenance of the equipment.
It's essential for the couple to obey the order.
First, the bridegroom should appear in the front of audiences .
A short time later, the bride and bridegroom should say the wedding vows which can guard theirs love .
And then become a couple.
In the Meantime, they can exchange their rings to witness their love.
Finally, they will kiss and enjoy future life.
With the development of society people attach greater important to wealth and health.
Some people think we should love our body when we were young, or the body worn down will repent at leisure.
As far as I am concerned, I like to wealth, but I value health more because body is the source of revolution.
In my opinion, youth is the period for establishing foundation of the whole life.
Everyone is energetic and full of zeal for work.
From this picture we can see there is one man whose words like a bomb in the computer.
This picture reflects the harmfulness of online rumors.
As the Internet technology developing, the Internet rumor is also developing.
It's not a good phenomenon for our lifes.
It can give rise to people's fear and cover people's eyes.
It can also control people's actions and tell people wrong information not to believe the true things.
In my opinion, I think governments should strengthen the Internet legal system.
Give the knowledge of the Internet rumors publicity to people.
Improve the ability to prevent the Internet rumors.
Thank you everyone.
I don't know much about success, because I don't think I am a winner.
He said, win the first place.
He is a very successful business man.
This is obviously a big success.
If I pay enough, I can buy what I deserve.
Promise me now, Rose, and never let go of that promise.
My heart was cold when I stood on the same ground with them.
First and foremost, it is the environment in which human beings are developing for thousands of years.
To start with, giving advice to fine those who is not friendly to nature to the government is the most direct way to keep them away from it.
In other words, Let them handle life by themselves.
If everything done by parents, children may lack ability of solve problems.
They can do what they interested in and find the world in their own ways.
I am a student in Tianjin NO.1 Middle School.
I'm in Class One, Gread Eight, with forty-two students in it.
In the class, there is a student named Wang Hao.
He's not only my classmate but also one of my best friends.
He is tall but not very fat, and he's with glasses.
So we often playing basketball and singing together, and we have ever joined a singing match together.
We always have the same hobby.
Our studies are both good.
But I'm not good at maths, so he often helps me and I'm really thankful about that.
One of them vert like singing, even in the late at night.
One night, I was reading a book.
Suddenly, he became singing.
I was very angry, but I could do nothing.
    You're welcome.
For health, we should take some measures to make the air cleaner.
On the one hand, We should dirve electric car instead of gasoline-powered cars.
The theme of the speech is the English Novel L Like Best.
There are some matters you need pay attention to.
Such as the speeches cannot more then five minutes and you should speak fluence.
The English speach competition will start.
Since 1st January,2011, we can't smoke in the the public in China.
The purpose of this rule is that all the indoor public without smoking.
The measures of this rule is that post the no smoking signs.
In our country, about 350 billion people like smoking and 75% of the smokers are men while 25% of the smokers are women.
Now more and more people like going shopping online.
Some people suppose that it is better to make purchase of goods online than in a shopping center, because it is convenient and cheaper.
The customers can get what they need without going out.
All kinds of things can show us online and you will have many more options.
Of course, if you did not satisfied with your goods, you could require the seller to return the purchase.
On the other hand, some people think that shopping online is not so good.
Because some shops on the Internet sell fake and inferior products.
It is not safe to buy food online.
And some pictures of clothes online look very pretty, but they won't find the clothes are not fit for them until they buy them.
Furthermore, the clothes' color and qualities are not correspond to the pictures.
Though you can require the sellers to return the goods, you also need to pay the freight.
In my opinion, we can buy things online.
Because shopping online is often cheaper than in store.
You can try on clothes in the store and memorise your size and color.
Then you can search the flagship store online.
I think you will be satisfied with your goods.
Many students who are in college are short of social practice nowadays.
They only attach importance to study but ignore the importance of social practice.
Firstly, students can take part in many activities those are held by school.
It can bring students too much experience from these.
Secondly, students can try other activities in order to improve themselves.
If so, they can help themselves better and better.
Last but not least, they can finish their tasks when they work.
As far as I'm concerned, taking part in social practice is a good way to improve ourselves.
We should pay attention to it.
But we should keep balance the time between activities and study.
Social practice is important, but study is the first.
The gift was a beautiful and lovely Teddy bear.
The bear was brown and wear colorful dress.
I think this bear is one of the best birthday presents.
Helen Green sent the gift to me, I was so happy, because the gift was particular and she was my best friend.
If I have some problems, she will help me solve the problems at once.
No matter it is good or unfavorable, self-confidence can make a magical change to us.
Firstly, a good attitude can make people feel that you know everything about it and increased your confidence in the invisible.
Secondly, focus everything on ourselves, because no one is perfect and everyone can make mistakes.
If you realize that, you will have a good attitude and confidence around with you.
Finally, sometimes we may find we are not capable of doing things well or something beyond our ability.
That is alright, believe yourself, just do it and don't give up.
In addition.
Preparation is another key to building up self-confedence.
There is no doubt that people have a mature plan can easier finish their jobs.
For example, you will do some important things, if you don't make a plan, when you meet some problems, you may feel anxious and you do things will have no confidence.
But if you do some preparation, you can foresee what will happen and deal with it calmly.
Then you will feel happy and increase your self-confidence.
In our daily life, we are supposed to upgrade our learning skills and renew our literal information.
By way of conclusion, it is my personal position that keep a good attitude and have preparation can not completely set up confidence.
There are two key points to make people feel confidence.
But if people real want to have confidence you will believe yourself.
But there are many problems in the evacuation drill .
. For example , individual students run and chase each other , , or maybe just stay in the class room .
They don't pay attention to the evacuation drill .
Instead , , some students are too nervous to look after each other .
So how to survive in an emergency .
Firstly , , stay calm and don't lose your head when the misfortune comes to you .
. Then , you must listen to the commond of your teachers and escape by designated routes .
In short , , everyone should seriously participate in the evacuation drill .
Nowadays, with the development of the economy, more and more new industries have made a great progress.
Some people hole the idea that competition and coordination should be separated.
But I cling to the idea that each of them has an important effect on another.
In the market system, if only having competition, there will come into being monopolization and make the economy exposed to danger.
Besides, good competitions will contribute to reforming the old system and improve the efficiency.
It's been two years, two years ago, I was a junior high school student.
It happened a lot of things, but all of it are little things.
I can barely remember those.
I just remember one thing in junior high school.
In 2013, We had PE lesson, In that PE, we had many sport to do, running, rope skiing, Jumping.
I was so tired that I fell in a faint.
Two of us came to help me.
They knew I can't walk anymore, so they put my arms to their shoulder and sent me infirmary.
People say that the first impressions are very important.
In English class , we all listen to the teacher carefully .
And after shool we do our homework carefully too .
Mrs Yu is very kind and patient.
She explains English grammar so clarly that we can all remember the grammar clarly .
I like English very much .
All I have shown to you is only a part of my love.
All I have shown to you is only a part of my love.
So I like to study in the library.
The Spring Festival is the most popular festival in China.
It's happens every year.
but not on same day.
Spring Festivai is celebrated from the evening before it.
It's a time for a tradional dinner with jiaozi amang family.
We watch a special TV progamme until a midnight.
As soon as it's12o'clock.
then we play fireworks in the street .
However, Montgomery did not refute these criticism by speech but practice.
My parent are extremely kind to me, they give me so much love, they always care about me and give me power every morning, they wake me up and cook breakfast for me.
When I am in trouble , they always encourage me and cheer me up .
I still remember once i argued with my best friend , they talked with me and finally helped me deal with the problem.
I am extremely thankful for all that they have done for me.
When i was came across difficultly , my parent always give me encourage .
As we all know, the life has changed a lot in the recent years.
It was an very old way, and also it is not convenient.
As for me, I used to study just in the school, but now I can use computer to find good lessons in order to improve myself.
So I can learn a lot from the internet, it can open my eyes .
Mother would return a smile to them, and say  Thank you for saying that, I just know how to do skin care.
If you do not work, you will become lazy and of no use to society.
They are always dizzy and tired, with sleeping not well very, what's worse, they cannot eat the amount of food which is necessary for them.
Thirdly, a warm bath or a milk which is good for sleeping.
Finally, in my view, the parents' encouragement that gives them energy also works.
But that was not the end, .
I'm a new college student, but after I experienced some things in the college, there are some opinions of mine as follows: Firstly, I think college is important for students at our age.
You can join in all kinds of apartments, and then you can take advantage of this change to exercise yourself, to improve your ability and develop yourself.
What's more, you can meet many new students and make friends with them.
Then, You can absorb much knowledge in your college, which is very use-full in your future life.
Without knowledge, you will lost many chances, not only in your job, but also in your relationship.
Last but not least, maybe you can discover your precious girls or boys, and even your girlfriend or boyfriend will become your wife or husband.
In a word, college is very necessary for you to take part in.
Yes i have.
I've been very tired this day.
when i got home i tired to cook some rice, but i burnt it.
i feel very lonely.
I want Mum and Dad to come home soon.
When I have a problem with my homework, my father can help me.
when my parents come home, they were happy to find that i could cook and tidy up now.
The population on earth is increasing rapidly, and with the development of modern industry, more and more people are flowing into cities.
There are many suggested solutions to this problem.
And I'm favour of the idea of building satellite cities in suburbs.
The fresh air and beautiful scenery will attract people to leave the busy city.
With many people leaving the city, more space will be available for those remaining.
During the activity, students came to the music relaxing room for relaxing themselves in mental and physical.
Finally, each class performing the class meeting for the activity summary.
In the past , we get information from the newspaper .
Nowadays , we look though information by internet webpages .
The fact is more and more people think the internet is a better source of news .
For one thing , we can get news from internen quickily , efficiently and conveniently .
If we want to know what happen that day .
We can only import the content and click the webpage , a few seconds later , there will list a lot of sources on the webpage .
we can choose the information what we need .
For another , getting news from internet is enviornmental .
All of us know that the paper made by trees .
China has a huge population , if 1.3 billion people read newspaper everyday , can we imagine that how many trees will be cut down .
So it is environmental to look though news from internet .
The students whose scores are high are much admired by the other student and are respected by the teachers.
They always have a lot of special treatment and the school always give them more chance to try many interesting things.
Many people always think the top students are ponderous and hate to communicate with others, but i don't think so.
According to my opinions, i think the most top student have similar feature.
They have a clear head, they know what they want and how to get it.
They have burning ambitions, and try their best to achieve it.
They spend enough time to read and do a lot of things which are useful to their future.
I also want to be a top student.
So i decide to try my best to do things perfectly.
I will be strict to myself and learn from others.
I will communicate with teachers more, and read much books.
I manage to use the time after class to work to know more about the society.
On the one hand, it provides us with an opportunity to put what we have learned into practise, which will surely accumulate our working experience.
Besides, it may make our spare time meaningful and partly relieve students' financial burdens.
Reading as a great way to get knowledge and spent spare time can have deep influence on one's life.
So what books can be choosen can be important.
A bad book like terrible wine.
Not only can it do harm to your body , but also can it hurt you soul.
So selecting a good book makes a lot.
In addition, interst is the best teacher.
When we choose a book we don't like , it's defficult for us to read it over.
In a word, if we want to read , we must select carefully .
Different people have quite different views on group cooperative learning.
It is held by some people that group learning is good.
Those who hold the first opinion think that it can add vanity to classes.
And it is good for the teachers and students exchanging their views and developing Cooperation and collective consciousness.
In contrast, those who hold the opposite view think that is not right.
They argue that someone doesn't participate in activities.
Sometimes, the rules of the cooperative are confused.
As far as I am concerned, I agree with the first one.
Admittedly, this way gives students more chances to show themselves.
Furthermore, maybe they make a mess, it brings them inspiration.
As is vividly shown in the picture, the teacher is giving the student a literature book.
What she tells the student is reading it just like a story book.
The caricature implies a social phenomenon that more and more people begin to ignore the importance of reading literature.
Firstly, the literature is usually written by some famous writers or famous people.
The books impliy some thoughts which are very reasonable.
Secondly, literatue can widen our knowledge and open our eyes.
Thirdly, wo can learn a lot of ways to deal with the problems wo meet in our lives.
Last but not least, the tradition literature books won't do harm with our eyes and health.
In my opinion, we should read more literature books to enrich ourselves and know the history of different countrys.
It's high time that we called on people around us to read together.
It is available and we can do every day.
I arrived in River Beidai at nine o'clock with our classmates and teachers.
nowadays, the computers are widely used all around the world, and it has paly an important part in our daily lives.no matter you recognise it or not, we are more and more rely on computers.
we are too lazy to go outside for shopping, instead of it, we may go for a look and shopping on the internet.
We will have few time to communicate with each oter.
I am glad you can learn English.
It is not difficult to learn English.
First of all, you should listen to the new words in the morning.
Then, you can try to speak the new words aloud every day as much as possible.
In a word, English is very interesting.
I believe you will like it.
Besides, communication is mutual.
After we see this evidence, there is no way we can agree with what they say.
We take in knowledge in the school when we were children.
In the school, we can learn a lot of things, we can also increase our ability to learn.
We should also learn other things such as the character and the quality on the important way of education.
Character education becomes more and more important in the 21st century.
Some parents think their children's character education is unnecessary.
Some parents have their children study hard only to find a job, but they don't know quality is the real thing that a person should have.
If a man who loses quality of honest, he can't succeed in the 21st century.
Wang Li, I'm very happy to know you want to learn Enjlish.
English is very difficult but very interesting.
  But I think time is much more precious than money.
Because if we lost time , we can not find it again.
We can try to work heard to get more money.
I know time connot be won again .
so Iwant to make full use of my time , but when find the TV or the one thing I like I may be break my plane.
I remember that I was welcomed by several sophomores at the gate.
I went through the registration procedures in the hall.
Today learning English is very useful.
I learning English for different reasons.
First: English is very popular in the world.
More and more people use English as a second language.
We should makes me keep up with the trend of society.
Second: I think more 50% people use English in the furture.
So we learning English look as important.
Last: learning English makes me very happy.
Life includes everything that teaches us .
Wherever and whenever we are , we can learn numerous things .
Life has full of experiences .
Growing up from being a kid then into a mature person makes our life create its own chapters as we take challenges , risks , struggles and the bliss after obtaining the fruit of labor .
We learn new and old things from every people we meet , from historical and new-found places, from the modern technology everyday.
We are trained to do our work so that we can become good workers.
We are taught with values and self-esteem.
We get our inspiration from someone we admire, thus we feel influenced, motivated and inspired to do our tasks to impress them or make them happy.
Definitely, life is the best teacher.
It teaches us experiences that we have encountered and will encounter in the future .
Love is an abstract concept, which we can't see or touch but feel it.
Love is so special and precious that anything else cannot compare with, It has a strong power that can changes the world.
No one can deny the fact that nowadays many colleage students prefer to stay at home rather than go out.
As can be clearly seen from the above picture, student study to in front of the computer all day.
Even he was order for dinner .
Althoudh the development of science and technology brought us a great convenience.
But there are several bad influence accounting for the phenomenon reflected in the picture.
First of all, people will lack of social communication and interpersonal communication when they stay at home for a long time.
In addition, it is a bad effect on the health of young people.
Because they stay at home all the day.
Last, they may become very autistic.
It is the most important for school to take some measures .
Those bad habits do serious harm to students.
They may get sick , if they do not get enought sleep.
finish their work on time because of a lot of time being used to play games .
To overcome the bad habits , in my opinion , students must form a good habit.
Nowadays with the development of the society the graduates suffered employment pressure .
In the modern life college student are more ambitious when they graduate they want choose the big city like Beijing Shanghai Guangdong or other big city to find their job instead of the small city .
I felt tired and bored about my past Senior High School days.
As we all know, there are many ways of learning.
And different people have the different way.
Each of the ways has its own characteristic and is great at the same time.
Also, I have some ways of learning ones are good for me I think.
My favorite way of learning is to strike a proper balance between work and rest.
Because it's a healthy style for us.
There is no doubt that leaning is very important for us, so wo should study hard to get satisfactory grade.
So it's very important that we insist on striking a proper balance between work and rest.
Sometimes if we work for a long time, wo should take a rest.
You can listen to some light music to make you relaxed, have a walk in the nearby park, or take a nap.
All in all, take a rest to relax yourself.
Life have many things to prove it.
Learning is a good example , these people who have good result.often are diligent.
A wise man, he doesn't work hard, and just a waste of time, is not going to get good grades.
Physicist Isaac Newton; In the world of chemistry Nobel, master dmitri mendeleev; Radioactive the discoverer of the element Madame Curie.
He had read the entire World Book Encyclopedia by the age of 9.
After his graduation from secondary school, Gates was accepted by three top universities in the USA--Princeton, Harvard and Yale.
He chose Harvard and began classes there.
One of his project was called DOS, short for Disk Operating System, and it was purchased by IBM in 1980.
And now, as CEO of Microsoft, Gates is known as a brilliant man.
In spite of his great wealth, Gates is still humble and ordinary.
He eats in fast-food restaurants and flies economy class.
And when praised for Microsoft's great success, he has been heard to say, All we do is put the software in a box and if people see it in the stores and like it, they buy it.
His attitude plays an important role in my life and I have made an idol of him.
I miss you so badly.
I have got some nice friends around me, it's been so much fun for me to share time together.
One of my best friends is Jindy.
We both are athlete.
So we become the best of friends.
Jindy is a humorous and active girl who always makes me laugh.
Sometimes, she tells a joke for me.
We like playing Chinese chess and watching comedy together in our free time.
She's a lot of fun to be with.
It's necessary to keep friendship in the future.
I treasure something that I keep it and care for it carefully because it gives me pleasure and I think it is very special.
At the same time, he was a leading author .
social activist.
He established the first library and hospital in Phildelphia as a social activist.
In the American Indenpendence War, he helped drafting some critical files and went to France as American ambassador to help to make the indenpendence possible .
As I see it, the healthy body, the thankful heart, a true friend.
It's a very clean and beautiful city with many kinds of flowers and trees.
It was at the top of Marina Bay Sands.
When we got to Sands Skypark, everyone was shocked.
Through the windows, we saw the grand port, the beautiful Gardens by the Bay and nearly the whole Singapore.
What a pity that we couldn't go to the Skypark Infinity Pool.
on the face of it, the answer will be positive.
However, this is not to say that the northerners do not care about the money, but they care more about the face.
As a result, before the beginning of the business cooperation with their friends or relatives, they often show the least concern about the money by saying  you and me, who and who  .
Secondly, the inclination of expression is different between the people from the south and north of china.
Kate, one of my roommates, is a typical northerner.
Even though we have only ten minutes to relax during the recess, she would keep talking all the time and in most cases what she said is just a bunch of crap.
There is a fact that the northerners not only tend to outwardly express their emotions more than the southerner, but also speak in a more direct way.
As a conversationalist, Kate likes to get along with sall kind of people and the people in the north who know her all think that she is a frank and popular person.
However, during the college years in the south of china, she was troubled by her direct way of speaking for most of the classmates from south can not stand it.
In the cases, if i have done the wrong things, Kate will leave no room to piont out rather than keep silent or use euphemism like Lily.
Nowadays the phenomenon that students take phones to school has aroused wild concern.
At first, there are some advantages.
Studets can make use of phones to stay in touch with their family wherever they are.
However, there's no doubt that using phones in class can disturb teachers and have bad efforts on other students.
From another perspective, it's a waste of money or time to chat and send messages by phones.
As far as I'm concerned, as a student, I take it for granted that we should be focused on study instead of playing in class or cheating in exams.
The are many environmental problems in our world.
The population of our world is six billion.
The increase of population is very fast.
If we do nothing to make it increasing slowly.
It will become a horrible problem.
Everything is numbered.
But someone don't care this.
Plenty of the forest was cut down.
The earth don't have the lung, how do we breathe.
We need water, the shortage of water resources is a problem.
So the government must devised proposals to deal with air pollution.
When it comes to my internship, I think it is boring.
For one thing, I realized my own shortcoming.
For example, fire fighters more excellent than me on the physical and operation.
For another thing, I learned very useful skills.
Such as they taught me how to use the generator and cutting machine.
As the proverb puts it, happiness consists in contentment.
Put it in another way, only when we are satisfied with what we now possess can we feel happy.
To begin with, happiness stands between greed and contentment.
Apparently, Greed, not happy.
On the contrary, someone who always appreciates what he gets, he will absolutely live a happy life.
To continue with, many a person take the rich life as their happiness criterion.
Unfortunately, life can't cater for anbody'needs.
As the pursuit of money is endless, no one can be really happy if their unsatisfied with their current life.
Finally, lower you demand, job, family, friends and anything else, be contented and appreciated.
Recently, a large number of people including students prefer new ways of consumption such as group-by deals to save money.
To start with, being careful with money is a virtue that can always benefit from people.
That's will do a lot of help from all over the world especially when the economic condition is not very good, it's much harder to make money before.
So group-by is an excellent way for most people to save money.
What' more, it is convenient for people to book in advance and we do not need to spend too much time waiting.
Thank you for your letter.
Second, Delivery date two weeks too late than a predetermined date.
There are mang requirements in colleges and universities for students to evaluate their teachers.
It means students can appraise both teaching methods and individual characters of their teachers.
Students' respect for teachers is important.
However, it also caused mang disputes.
Some individuals disapprove it.
They think there would be have unfair on teachers.
Students evaluations may be based on prejudice.
If he like one teacher more not because of teachers' teaching methods but personal friendship.
Some others think studengts do not know the standard of evaluate their teachers.
It is more effectiveness to evaluate one teachers by the other teachers.
They know how well the teaching methods and subjects.
I think it's necessary for school to require students to evaluate their teachers.
Students can evaluate what they want to learn in a course .
And teachers can clear know what they need to change and improve.
The day when peter leave, his mom said  remember to care of yourself.
Not all knowledge get from books , for example when you are cooking the book can just tell you what need you do, but we always sum up the exerience of puting seasoning or salt .
But when you are writing homework(especially the Math) , the books will tell you the principle or formula.
Now you see that there are different situations for the knowledge get.
anyway, sometimes you need to combine those together.
when you go to climb the mountain, and you done that before, that will needs you experience : last time i did not get the warm cloth, i need to bring it this time.
After the sports meet, the national-day have come, and this day is the longest hoilday.
This hoilday is very cold, so I almost stay at home.
The last few days of the hoildays, my parents take me to Alashan.
Alashan is desert densely distributed region in China.
There are many people.
They came from all parts of the country.
We saw the beach sports utility vehicle match.
It's very cool and excite.
Then we went to North Temple, the temple sits on the hill, during the road, scenery has ethnic flavor.
I think it's holy.
When I reached the top, I am very tired, but my parents was calm, they told me I need to exercise.
In the evening, we went to my grandparents'home.
I have a big family, we ate dinner togther.
I hope time can stay at this time.
Today, l am glad of a foreign friend will come my hometown.
ln my eyes, my hometown is a beautiful place.
lt has the scenic spot of Tianzhu mountain and the waterfall.
So l can take him to play in some place.
There are a lot of delicious food in my hometown.
for example, l can take him to eat tofu and barbecue.of course, l must take him to eat food of my mother cooking.
My school day is very busy.
It is useful.
In addition, I usually go to school by bike.
It is no denying that the way is good for my health.
When I get to the school, my busy day is start.
I need to learn a lot of subjects such as maths, physics, chemistry, history, English and so on as well as a lot of homework to do.
After schol, I do not go home immeditaly and I like playing basketball with my classmates.
When I back to home I have to do my homeworrk.
I'm delighted to tell you that I'm spending my time taking part in the Chinese and western cutural communication in China.
I'm lucky to celebrate the Spring Festival with my host's family.
We go to visit plenty of places of interest and watch Peking Opera.
It's also very enjoyable to taste delicious food in Bejing and learn about Chinese history.
Now I live in my Chinese friend's home.
We study, talk and do sports together, just like we are sisters.
I love the life here and everything here impressed me a lot.
I am a student from Yang Zhou University, I have been here over one year .
This is to certify Susan Hobson lady who is worked for my office secretary up to two years.
She is an honest women, willing to work for us.
When she was work, she worked hard everytime.
As is known to us, when Spring is coming near, it will bring vigor and vitality.
Everything in this warm season begins to revive.
There is a beautiful picture in our eyes.
In contrast to spring, there is a depressed in autumn.
The trees and flowers are falling, which make people feel like the life going with the fallen leaves.
And the temperature is down with an autumn rain, so people have to take more clothes.
Maybe most people like spring superior to autumn, but to the farmer, no matter what is spring or autumn, they are busy with their field, where they can harvest.
Different ideas flooded our mind.
Though both helps strangers and not help strangers have advantages and disadvantages .
For another.
As every coin has two sides.
There are people that are against the idea.
As far as I'm concerned, I think help strangers is better as helpful is the traditional virtue of the Chinese nation We should do right thing.
Carry forward the virtue.
The study is student's duty all the time .
Only in this way, we can be confident to deal with any exam .
Now I find a time-table is able to arrange everything well .
After class, we can take an active part in a great variety of clubs .
As we know, part-time jobs have become a part of college life .
As the saying goes Giving is receiving  , volunteer is the best choice to enhance us .
To be honest, job market is in poor condition .
When it comes to the death penalty, a variety of death methods occur to us .
I admit that all sorts of penalties for criminals existed in ancient china .
It has been argued for a long time .
Many people claim that the criminals deserve the severe punishment .
In the first place , in the light of human civilization , the death penalty goes against the progressive trend .
From the time primordial , people had no regard for human life .
They ended others' lives who had made mistakes with the cruel and heartless methods .
We treat them as the savage people .
Nowadays, If we insist the death penalty , what's the difference between the educated and the savage people .
Last but not the least, death penalty totally infringes upon human rights .
People are afforded to life equally on the world .
The purpose of it is to cut the rates of crime, but there is no obvious effect on the reduction .
Nowadays, some of the sweethearts in the college get married.
In my opinion, the college is the place of studying.
It is a place where the dream will come true by trying again and again .
Once the lovers become a couple, they must devote more efforts to their family.
Compared to the studying, the life every day seems to be more important.
Meanwhile, the students in the college are so young.
In addition, I think that the life of them isn't stable.
When they graduate from the college and go into the society.
They will face many problems, such as the place of working and living , and it is the problems that have a terrible effect on their matrimony.
Above all is my opinions.
It is also the essential time before I face the College Entrance Examination.
To begin with, keeping a balanced diet is the key to building up my body.
Fresh fruit and vegetables contain plenty of vitamins.
On the other hand, outdoor activity is an important ingredient of affecting my learning efficiency.
Do not be concerned about the present and the future is in your hand.
with a motto from American dreams in China  called seek the victory in failure, and seed hopes in despair.
Nowadays, there exists an increasingly serious social problem: Excessive Packaging.
Packaging's funcion is just in order to keep the goods clean.
For one thing, people like buy some excessive packaging goods to give their friends and relations.
Because many excessive packaging goods are very elegance and beautiful.
For another, the manufacturers want to earn money.
As for me, excessive packaging is a kind of pollution and make a lot of refuse.
I think our government should manage market.
I was born in a small town, from then there will be a heavy burden on my parents's shoulder.
My father, a grocer, had been under the financial pressure for several years.
I was the one of three children for my parents, as I have two sisters, an old one and a young one.
When I was in a primary school, my mom prepares breakfast before I awake every morning.
But at that time, even a good bye I didn't say when I left for school.
I still remember one day that I fight with others and braked the slide.
I was scolded by my teacher, and I was afraid of my dad's scold.
To my surprise, he didn't blamed me.
As I grew up, my parents get older and older.
There are more and more wrinkles on their skin, and there are more and more white on their hair.
I am adult now, I'm still young, but most of my parents' youth devoted to my growth.
You raise me up, so I can stand on the mountain.
Somebody think cars are good for us.
Firstly, cars are very conveniencing for us.
They are not only saving the time, but also becoming a tool for riding instead of walking.
In addition, we can travel whenever, it's a good thing for many persons .
Besides, they has made a great progress in the science and technology.
Of course, some people disagree with it, they think it's bad for us.
For example, they has been used much oil.
The oil became less and less, and we need find new energy to replace the oil.
What's more, they are polluting the environment.
The air has became worse and worse.
In my opinion, the cars have dual character.
Although we need use it, we also need protect environment.
It's such a difficult choice for me.
We aim at study and we have a clear objective, that's to get access to university.
Though it's hard and tired, We need to get up early in the morning and go back to the bed late in the night, our parents keep nagging us and we are always worried about our grade, but everyday is full and meaningful.
Compared with high school, the university life is more colorful, free but complex.
Though we can do anything we like, but we don't know whether it's right or not.
We will be in danger if we are not so careful.
In addition to this, the relation between people gets complex, we can't identify which one is our friend, people are lacking sincerity.
That's my opinion, maybe it's a bit subjective, maybe it's because I am not mature enough, But I choose high school life as my prefer.
At the same time, I hope I can have a right direction in my university life.
As we know, frustration is a part of life and it also give some challenge to people.
So, frustration can not only enrich people's lives but also build people's confidence.
But most college students are short of the ability to face the frustration.
For example, some college students can't pass the exam, they usually give up the course or sleep in the class.
Except that, many college students are the first time away from home, all things only rely on themselves.
If meet some difficulties, they may complain and don't think of some ways to deal with.
In my opinion, many college students are the only child in their family, parents prepare everything for them.
In order to reduce phenomenon, I think school should develop student's independence and studens should learn how to deal with frustration.
It can help students whether in learning life or future life.
Parents should encourage their child to do more things by themselves.
Now University campus, being late, leave early, absenteeism is a commom phenomenon.
Ensure the attendance of students on university education has a great importance.
Ensure that students arrice on time, can effectively improve the academic achievement of students.
In fact, it is very important for the students to attend their classes.
First, attending classes regularly is a way of showing respect to your teachers.
your teachers will feel bad if the students do not attend their classes, which, in turn, will affect their teaching and be no good for the students.
I usually stay up late.
I often play computer games.
I use the Internet every day.
She says it is good for my health.
Benjamin Franklin said: Human felicity is produced not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen, as by little advantages that occur every day.
Then, what should we do for it .
Now, many young people use up their money very month.
They are called  The Moonlight Clan  .
One the one hand, Some people hold the view that this is the fashionable concept of consumption.
As far as I'm concerned, it is not wise to spend all money without saving.
For example, if you were ill, when you need much money at that time, you could not take up so much money to pay the medicine.
To my credit, it is necessary to save some money very month, with which, you can buy some expensive things and donate some to charity.
In addition, it is hard to make money, so we should use it economical.
The more money we have, The less money we can get from parents.
When I was a little boy, I was always taught by my father.
As soon as I am getting older, although my father does not always teach me the tips for lives, he begins to lead my way to how to be a triumphant man .
and I am always patient to listen to him.
people always say that father is a mountain.
Originally, life is not an easy task, but Willian E, Hoy made it wonderful and colorful.
On may 23,1862 Hoy born in a farming family in Houckstown, Ohio.
When he was a baby, his family lived a tough life.
Sometimes, things can be worse.
In 1865 He became deaf when he was four years old.
Because of his disease, he delayed the time to go to school, until 1872 he at-tented the''Ohio School for the deaf''in Columbus and learned to play baseball.
In 1880 he graduated and started playing semi-professional baseball, at the same time, he had to work as a shoe maker to support his family due to poverty.
After six years training, he became a consummate player and began playing professional baseball for Wisconsin of the Northwestern League in 1886.
In 1888, he started as an outfielder with the old Washington Senators, and then became the Senators leading the hitter due to his outstanding performance, and also invented arm signals.
In1903, he attented the last ball game because of serious injury, and played for Los Angeles of the pacific Coast WinterLeague.
On the day of the match, he couldn't see ball clearly because of thick fog.
However, he managed to catch the ball, and at last Los Angeles won the pennant.
From 1904 to 1924, he led an easy life.
He run a dairy farm near Cincinnati and took 4 and 10-mile walks several mornings.
The U.
What's more, as for the rising trade deficits, the growth of foreign production capacity has played a major role as well as the appreciation of the U.
I am a responsible newspaper.
Now we need to think of the students as an English version of the editor.
The job mainly includes two parts: one is to Choose articles from English newspapers and magazines and the Internet for students.
We hope that he could meet the following requlrements: first, he is Willing to devote spare time to the students' service.
First , he is very kind and awalys give a simle for everyone.
I think it is good to get along with.
Then, I am carlessness, I am easy to make mistakes, so, he always points out my mistakes and encourges me to deal with them, he is always caring and thinks himself little.
When I have diffcults to do, I oftencan see him.
He also is good son for his parents, he is a good helper at home and do housework on weekends, so, I need to do the same things.
Mr Gorky said: books are the ladder of human progress.
Currently, cohabitation without lay permission become more and more common in our society, especially in the saint campus.
Different people have different points on this phenomena.
Some people look down on those students cohabiting.
Because they think college students are only pure consumer and the only aim for them is to study and get their diploma when graduation, they should spend much time on their study.
Some people think college students are adult already , they can face every question.
Everyone has different points, such as strict and unsmiling, tend to be angry when the students make mistakes.
I think a good teacher is rich in konwledges.
Maybe he likes to give students a lot of tests, because it can make them progress.
But he isn't very strict and unsmiling.
The chemistry teacher at my Junior High is a man, His method of teaching is nothing like that of other teachers in my school.
While others don't think so.
In my opinion, I think it is harm that university students are used credit card.
Firstly, I believe that some university students dip into their purse and loss of self-control on the shopping.
such as buy some electronic products and brand clothing.
Secondly, university students don'have a formal job to repay the money.
Some students usually overdraft , but they have no ability to repay the money.
And then the banks will lead to some loss.
At the same time, students will loss credit on the banks.
We should know that if we don't repay the credit account in time, and we will get a bad credit record which will have an adverse impact in our future.
As far as I concerned, I think credit cards are harm for university students.
To charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons by the management can be seen as a response to the problem of hustle and bustle in tourist spots.
Sad to say, this policy has turned out to be widely accused, combined with lots of complaint and questioning about what in the world the value of tourist resorts.
From my prospective, the policy of charging higher entry fees during peak travel seasons looks far less like a solution to the problem, more like a big mistake made by relevant officials.
Over the past years, all kinds of unfairness and discrimination have been severely condemned or made illegal.
But one insidious form continues to thrive: unfairness for sake of the so-called public interest.
The tourist minister claims that charging more fees during peak travel seasons is helpful for controlling the over rushing tourists and protecting the environment.
No clear-cut distinction can be drawn between overcharging the poor and prohibiting them from enjoying the beauty created by human beings as well as the nature.
That does not mean the less rich people can not afford the ticket, but it does mean that it adds extra but meaningless burden to them.
Tt is a shame that the less wealth is overfunding the quest for the beauty while underfunding the reach of it.
Although some argument in favor of charging higher entry fees during peak travel seasons are telling, the fact remains that this can not solve the problem completely.
The real problem is not rooted in the visitors' misbehaviour or the vulnerability of the nature scenery, but in the less equipped operation by the tourist government.
To charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons is far less than a fundamental solution to deal with the complex problem revealed in the tourist spots.
Nobaby knows.
We can't predict our future.
So something of good or bad always occurs unexpectedly.
In my mind, the most unforgettable experience, it occurred three years ago.
In that year, I graduated from high school.
Because nothing to do in the house, I worked for a shop near my county.
A day, I was working, suddenly, my mother called me and give me a very bad news that was my uncle has got the serious disease and was being in hospital.
All of the relatives have arrived on the scene.
I stood there and didn't know what I could do.
(My ID has been lost before I took part in the MET.
Under my uncle's help, I got the chance to participate in the MET) However, now.
The first time, I felt that the death was so close to me.
After two days, my family still felt sorrowful for my uncle's death.
However, bad news was continuing.
I was sent in hospital.
And the doctor said that I had the acute appendicitis.
When I laid on the surgery bed, I realized that the disease was so terrible.
It could kill a person completely.
Because he has left forever.
Statistics show that recently there have been more and more people moving in cities.
give some possible solutions to them.
First, the government should take strong measures to avoid violence between students no matter they come from urban or countryside.
It's necessary for us to change our belief that more children, more fortune.
that is wrong.
Second, we can encourge people to live in the country by investing more money in those remote areas, only in this way can we improve our living standard in cities.
Francis Bacon once said, Reading makes a full man; conference makes a ready man; and writing makes an exact man.
There is an undeniable fact that the economic globalization brought the scientific globalization to the whole world.
Several years ago, we stepped into the age of information which becomes an irresistible trend.
At the same time, Internet technology helps produce e-book.
In our daily lives e-book becomes more and more popular with people in a very short time.
On one hand, e-book leads the fashionable trend with its advantages.
E-book readers are very thin , like a magazine, and can store hundreds of titles on a device.
What's more, e-book is smaller than most paper books.
So it is quiet convenient for us to read e-book at any time , at any place.
That said, e-book will be the next ten years of a great revolution, it will completely change people's lives.
On the other hand, e-book has its limitations.
First, it is harmful to us to read e-book on the mobile phone for a long time because of the radiation.
From my point of view, though it is in a foreseeable period of time, e-book is impossible to replace the paper book.
But I hold that e-book is a necessary in the future.
At the age of information, e-book is available and convenient for us, and so that it can save our time.
In this term , i join the club of grade four english training , this club is very interesting .
i hope you will be a member of us .
Spring Festival is the most impotant festival in China from thousand years to today.
Before Spring Festival, people alway prepare to the festival.
We make lots of traditional good at the appointed day, for example, we make special candy and eat it before Spring Festival.
During Spring Festival, we visit our friends and relatives.
We say  happy new year  .
Spring Festival is not only the time bu also a chance that make us get together.
There is a saying reading a good book is same as owning a good friend  .
Like these people who makes friends in everywhere, some people prefer to reading extensively.
They say no matter what the type of the book, no matter where I find it , the only thing I considering is wether it interests me .
Reading more , knowing more , that's what i want.
However, there as some critical voice, from which reading selectively people.
They believe life is too short to read every book.
So they just choose some typical books.
In my opinion, reading is a happy experience.
Due to this, what we need is just follow our heart, read what we are truely interested in.
Hello everyone.
Switzerland is situated in central Europe and the capital of Switzerland is Berne.
The Switzerland measures 41000 square kilometers and 7.5 million people lived here.
In addition, Switzerland has a famous city which called the watch country  , Geneva.
Switzerland is called the garden of the world, because the scenery of Switzerland is pretty beautiful and the environment is clean.
Switzerland and its neighbours Australia, French, Italy and Germany are developed countries.
Watch, chemical and food industry in Switzerland are the most developed.
Not only the cities in Switzerland are great, but also the people in here are friendly.
They love nature and protect animals.
Switzerland is a civilized country, our country can learn form it.
At 8:30, he will get up, and then brushing and washing.
He plan to write the homework carefully at 9:00-10:30.
At 10:30-11:30, he device to do exercises in the park.
At 13:00-15:00, he will have the computer lesson and the English lesson .
At 18:00, he will have a little supper.
At19:00-20:00, he will search for the information on the Internet and watch his favourite TV progremm.
At 20:30-21:00, he will put things away.
There are four people in my family, father mother sister and l.
We are very happy.
also my parent are peasent , my father told me to study hard.
He hopes after the college enterence examization.
We can get a good achievement.
In the future we can get a good job.
My father is introvert but my mother is outgoing.
they love eavh oyher .
in the summer it was hot, father went to do farm work.
but he can not my mother go .
Nowadays, some workers get up early to work and sleep early.
While some others get up late and work until night.
Firstly, getting uo early contributes to bringing us fresh air.
If we get up at 6 o'clock, we can breathe fresh air at the beginning of a day.
This may give us good emotion to start new work of a day.
Secondly, memory works better in the early morning.
As students, we have a lot to recite or remember, which demands our good memory greatly.
Thirdly, getting up early leaves us more time to work.
Given that I get up at 6 o'clock everyday, then there are 18 hours left on a whole day.
Generally speaking, getting up early is a better choice than getting up late while working until midnight.
A man lives in computer , he is opening him large mouth , spits two bombs .
After saw this picture, I have known that online rumors very harmful .
They are as follows: Firstly, online rumors can make a bad affect to national security, it can disrupt social order .
Scondly, online rumors can make people's heart frightening.
Thirdly, online rumors disruptsminors heart, makes them lose the ability to distinguish between right and wrong.
that is very harmful to monors'growing.
Because there are so mang online rumors harmfulness , sowemust take measures to solve this problem.
Firstly, gover should take measures to for online rumors.
They can teach people to learning how to distinguish online rumors.
National Day Holidays is coming soon.
As is known to all .
China.
I know most of the students design to away from school.
Because they want to spend these time to go outside.
Some people go outside for fun.
For example, they go to another city .
Or choose go home to spend their time with their family.
But not all students think so.
They think holidays is a chance to improve themselves.
continue study at school or work part-time to earn money or travel around Nanjing.
My program is going to chengdu for travel.
And I'm planning to visit others historical sites.
For example, foodwater and energy are shortage in many places.
Second, the traffic is crowded and the houses are not enough as well in many big cities.
get a job.
Now.
Let me tell you why .
Because the products designed by china were so boring, no impression, no creative .
To be chinese, it is very sad to see that present situation.
Be a designer , the happiest moment is to see the pruducts designed by you which are uesed by everybody, your products can make people feel happy .
I studied with my Chinese friends and we also do some sports together.
I visited many famous Chinese scenic spots which impressed me deeply , such as the Forbidden City and the Summer Palace.
I was very interested in Peking Opera though I could hardly understand some of the actor's dialogue.
I also learned about the history and culture of China.
This is the first Chinese Spring Festival I'v ever spend.
I enjoy the life in china, not only because the scenery and the food, but also the friendly people.
As we were children, we always said that Mother's Love is the greatest in the world.
Now I also think so.
Though my mother is nearly 50 years old, she is beautiful and tender.
In my memory , my mother is kind and patient all the time.
She ofen gives someone who is faced with diffcult things a hand.
I have a big family.
But when we come bake home from school together on weekends, she always try her best to make delisious food for us .
No matter how tired she is, she is willing to do anything for us but she never complaints.
In that my father was often out of home before, my mother not only cared for us but also went in for farming.
As I was growing up, I began to uderstand her and study hard every day.
My mother do so much for us that we have none in return.
The only thing I can do is studying hard.
I love my mother, so I will do the same things for her one day.
Family education is very crucial to us.
A kid is a gift from god for their parents, and for a kid, the family education could influence his whole life.
It is a person said:  Successful family education the success of child, failure tutoring make children  .
Doublemint was launched in the U.
In 1914 and has since become one of the world's best-selling chewing gums, enjoyed by generations of consumers worldwide.
Blog is a platform which people can write down everything within the law, for example: some reactions to a book or an article, or experience and some photos during travelling.
When people write something, their friends or other people can read it, understand information about the blogger immediately.
As we can see the picture, a group of people gathered together to have dinner, but when host took food to the table, the rest of people have concentrated on their phone or laptop as if the delicious food not existed.
Nowadays, with the development of new technology, it has brought a great influence on people's life, some people think the new technology has brought lots of conveniences to the society, However, other people hold the oppsite idea that technological devices has brought neglect impact on the society.
First of all, people really have been benefited from the new technology.
Neverthelss, people has over depend on it, just like the picture.
even if people sat together, they have addicted to their technological devices instead of talking to other people, How sad it is.
In the second place, I think people do most things on the technological devices, for example, more and more people prefered reading on the internet to going to the library.
i think it's the most disadvantage of new technology.
you cannot learn some really important thing on the internet, although it can provide huge resources, and read books is the heritage of chinese culture.
Last but not least, the new technology made people alienated from each other, people paid a lot attention to it.
for example, people downloaded a lot of chatting applications on the phone, and they talked to eacn other on it.
In order to protect wild animals , the famous film star Jakie Chen, who takes a photograph of advertisement about it.
In an advertisement , there is a saying that touch me deeply , No business, No killing.
Actually, For the sake of getting rhinoceros' s horn, the people kill the rhioceros; For the sake of getting tigers' skins and tigers' bone, the people kill the tiger ; For the sake of getting bear's palm, the people kill the bear; For the sake of getting turtle's rind, the people kill the turtle and so on.
In order to protect wild animals, some of acknowledge people make a great efforts on it.
Therefore, protecting wild animals is crucial.
Weare not only forbid running restaurant but also forbid catching and killing.
What's more , It is necessary that we should punish the people who have a dreadful habit of eating wild animals .
Of course, as the same time with punishing the customers ; we must taking a strong stance against the poacher , too.
As a college student , we should develop a correct value system , we should try our best to persuade the people who have a bad habit of eating wild animals .
Maybe what we do is not enough , but as long as we strive with the people around us together , the world will become more and more beautiful .
I am a preparation meeting of college students in school , our school will need to open a metting , about 100 people , the need for a large conference rooms and four small conference rooms, meeting time for two days.
Some students believe listening test should be canceled because in the test every where's effect are differen so its not fair.
Later, the black sky was lightened by lots of fireworks with colorful light .
We also began enjoyed fireworks.
At aboutt 12 o'clock, I made a wish in New Year.
Then I began to sleep.
This is my happiest time of the year.
Nowadays the excessive packaging of goods become very common.many companies wrap their goods with kinds of bags, boxes, and different baskets.
The reason for excessive packaging include of follow cases.
the nice packaging can let their goods looked beautiful.
many people have an idea that the good purchasing equal to quality.
but sometimes we would pay more attion to their beutiful packaging without care the good's quality.
First of all we should let people know the disadvantages of excessive packaging .
Spring festival is the most important traditional festival in China.
Before Spring festival, people usually clean their house and buy many foods.
They also decorate their house.
On the eve of the Spring festival, people often have the gteatest dinner together.
They set off fireworks after dinner, and then they don't sleep until tomorrow.
During the festival, people visit their relatives and friends.
Parents' love is greatest.
However, children often neglect their parents' love or take it for granted.
There is a common phenomenon that we often say thank you to a stranger.
This phenomenon demonstrate that we are strict with our relationships, moreover are kind with unfamiliar people.
Parents give us too much love from we were born.
On the contrary, if we do housework at home, we often ask for reward.
In short, we should learn the skill which can sustain our love forever.
The skill is saying thank you to familiar people frequently.
Long long ago, there was a little boy born in a poor family.
His parents died in the war.
After he grows up, he became a doctor, after met a lot of life and death to leave.
He thought that human's life is so fragile.
His destination is Africa.
Then he departures his hometown for 20 years.
In the 20 years, he tried his best of saving people's lives to let the number of deaths decreased.
And he declined all the returns.
Day by day, he was getting older, can't like a young man to help people anymore.
On the day he came back, he hugged by everyone.
About this story, I want to tell everyone that no one is special.
We are identical.
This is to check details for an event next week.
My father thought a moment and said I calculated that it couldn't.
Hello, everyone, my name's Liu, I'm a sophomore now.
Nearly two years ago, I participated in an extremely important exam, means college entrance examination.
I had been a hard-working student before I went to high school, and I was admitted to the best high school in my city, all of my family believed that I was surely to enter a key university.
But I failed, because of my laziness and degradation, I sunk to nearly the last of the whole grade at the first semester of senior two.
Until then I realized that I couldn't act the fool anymore, I had to continue studying, I should be responsible for my future.
After my effort I made much progress, maybe it was a little late, I didn't went to a key university finally.
I love basketball best, although I don't play it well, I enjoy watching NBA, it's filled with passion.
My favorite NBA star is Carmelo Anthony, he is so handsome, so cute, so strong and I really take a fancy to him.
OK, let me tell you about my family.
I'm in a three-people family, my father, my mother and I.
My mother is a teacher, she teaches Chinese in a professional school.
My father is a police , I admire him so much.
Once my dream was being a police, I thought it was very handsome, but I found it was so busy and so dangerous gradually, I gave it up.
I come from Heilongjiang province, northeast of China, it's very far from Shanxi province.
This is the first time I leave home for another place.
To my surprise, I don't miss hometown so much, but I really miss my parents.
I still will be bachelordom.
I will enjoy the freedom.
When I was a child, I want to go around the world, such as Paris London the Dutch town, those is all my love places.
Nowadays, it is more and more clear that there are many differences between college and high school study .
In that many may perform well at high school , but badly at college; while others may be seen as common at high school, what's more no way for their future but do well in their study at college.
First, the method of studying must be changed, when in high school, one have so rich time to concentrate on his courses , yet, the situation has been changed at college, one must think as much as he can to adapt to the college study.
Second, teachers are the major roles in one's study, but at college the role is the student himself.
And students hold different attitude on it.
The reasons are as follows: Firstly, we can access information via the Internet and broaden one, s horizous.
Secondly, we can communicate with friends and share with them.
However, some students hold negative attitude on using the Internet.
And it, s bad to our eyes if we use the Internet frequently.
I think it has disadvantages andadvantages.
If you can control yourself and use the Internet to do something which is good for our study.
Today, the busy life and work make us under pressure.
There's nothing more important than having a healthy life.
But proper stress will work for you and turn into a pushing force behind your struggle.
I will make some example about how to resolve the conflict between work and health.
First, you should learn to relax in the fact of your stressors.
Second, you should be realistic and keep your lines of communication open.
Third, make time for self-renewal.
I usually live a happy life, but sometimes have some trouble either.
Nowadays, more and more people confront a big problem, live in the city or live in in the country.
At first, If we live in the city , we have good education , good hospitals , and, the traffic must very convient .
but in the other way, we have many environment problems, such as, the air pollution, the water pollution.
As far as I'm concerned, I like live in the country, althrough there are a little work chance, but, I think there are many advantages for live in the country, For example, in the country, the air is fresh, the water is clear, the traffic is good, the people are very friendly and so on.
As we all know that Lunar New Year has long been the most essential cultural celebration on the Chinese calendar.
The first step is clearance.
We will per-pare it for two weeks.
Then, the next step is doing new year shopping.
To be honest, I enioy doing new year shopping with my mother extremely much.
We buy a slew of food , such as candy , fruits , cookies and so on.
The third step is getting a haircut and new clothes for the new year, we buy many new and beautiful clothes for our family members.
In our country, there also have a special convention , which is picking pommel leaves to boil with the water, and use it to take a bath.
Finally we will have a big feast with our family member in the Eve of the Lunar New Year, we eat the delicious foods and share the happy things with each other.
Spelling is very important in learning English.
We should know enough words.
First we should practice English every day.
When learning a new word, you should keep it in mind.
In everyday life the wrong spelling will bring a lot of trouble.
In the future study work life brings the problem.
Immediately find the words you don't have to look for.
If we to know more, we can know more.
We Learn to be able to pass an English dictionary.
And we can internet access to more.
Listen to the radio in the morning.
Multiple dictation, More practice.
To change this affairs and make students pay attention to spelling when learning English, there are several measures.
First, teachers should think highly of spelling, and then make studnts pay attention to it.
Second, spelling can become an important point in exams.
After all, exam is very important to a student.
The spelling is important.
She is a beautiful woman.
Nevertheless now she lost her curly hair.
One day, when she fell asleep in a deeply night.
Next day, when she woke up.
A grass which appeared in her dream was beside her.
She ate this grass and her hair grew fast.
I am writing to inform you that the foreign language training will be started on Fridqy.
Our company has won a large export order, so we should speak the foreign language fluently.
I went to the Beijing when I was 14 years old.
the Great wall is very wonderful.
I am looking forward to next trip.
It is the behavior that human being.
We always intend to realize why.
We should protect curiosity instead of limiting it.
Curisioty is the source of creation.
On the other hand, curiosity is dangerous.
We should remind ourselves that being too curious can be dangerous.
We ought to take a good way to lead our curiosity.
Taking into account all these things.
As a student, a new semester stands for a new start which contributes to the next journey of my learning.
  So I will work hard to improve my level of English.
I will also pay more attention to the breaking information at home and abroad.
For example, many Chinese are holding demonstrations for these days, which express their indignation and resentment of the Japanese occupation of our territory(Diaoyu Islands).
As a young patriot, we absolutely do not allow such a thing-Japan has ever invaded our country-from happening again.
This is my plan for the new semester.
I am ready for it.
There is a controversial issue about whether formal examination is out of date.
Opinions vary greatly on this issue.
Some people deem that formal examination is served to crame teaching, and students were exposed to books, students did not have a positive access to study .
Therefore, they intend to in quest for a another form of examination, and tend to American's.
By contrast, other people argue that we need to remember that in the long history of human education, testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability.
As far as I am concerned, formal examination is not out of date till now.
As is known to us, guilty points to someone who has committed crime .
To some degree, it means violating the law directly.
What's more, only meet the conditions of the crime , in this case, the authority can convict somebody of crime.
Actually, before being condemned, the authority is supposed to collect crime solicitation.
However, if the authority dose not have any evidence to prove one's guity, then, according to the law, the person who is suspected dose not have guilty.
In short, our nation is democratic and everyone is equal in the law.
I am seeing your questions.
Don't worry.
It's natural to forget new words.
First, I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.
Don't forget to use them as much as possible.
What's more, you can find some English stories to read.
It's a good ways to remember a lot of vocabulary and get to know a lot about the world through reading.
Watch and listen several times and guess the meaning of the new words.
Each time you will learn something new.
Such as Boxfishi, Shanbay and so on.
These are my ideas.
In general, we pratice after reading because we want to know it is right or wrong.
Through careful practice, we can enjoy the beauty of environment and hunman and develp our skills.
Pioneer helps us decide our direction and offers perfect way to our life .
Worker has experience and can tells us what is a perfect way in future if we do the same thing .
My hometown is Guigang which is one of the cities in Guangxi Province .
My hometown is located in the south of Guangxi Province and along the Yu river.
Guigang has a total area of10,596 square kilometers.
And it was home to 474 million people .
Its native language is Guigang language .
Guigang boasts plentiful sources , such as Gibb-site , coal , iron and so on.
Guigang is famous for tea and tropical foods .
Guigang is also a historical city .
The Taiping Rebellion originated in Guigang .
In social practice activities, some people will feel fear, fear of rejection, the feeling of social practice too tired too bitter, or some people think teachers layout of social practice activities just to complete the task and so on each kind of mentality has.
With the development of our society, we are stepping into the information times.
Computers, mobile phones and pads are as same as clothing and food.
People may never stop using and developing it.
I don't have any Blog, because perhaps I'm not fashionable enough.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, I observe that this thing is good, and that's why there're numerous people choose to use it.
First, internet covered is an essential reason, so people can use computers, phones and pads on the internet everywhere.
It's definitely conveniently and efficiently.
Second, human are social animals.
As same as the other internet communicating software.
Blog also has some hidden danger that we must be aware of.
The cross stands for enormous responsibility that individuals should assume without hesitation.
At the very beginning, I was fully confused, not only because I lived very far away from my home, but I had no friends or relatives here.
My first aim is to study hard in order to pass all the exams.
I want to be skillful at every object, especially the Oral English because it is a method that I can communicate with foreigners and develop relationships with them.
My second goal is to get along well with my classmates, especially my roommates for they are extremely important to me, therefore, our friendship even can last forever.
Besides, I also can call help to them when I come to having trouble.
I think the more friends I have, the more benefit I can get.
The last but not least, I want to past the postgraduate entrance exams in NJ University, nothing because I like that place.
I read the following, I felt very excited and alarmed.
Especially newborn babies suffer from AIDS.
To this situation, Ifelt very sad and helpless.
People who Infect AIDS is very thin.
Not only these people is low in spirits, but they also lack money to diagnosed AIDS.
Hello everyone , I would like to check details for an event next week with my two assistanrs.
first, we booke no.8 rooms for the event.
And you need attend the event in time.
In recent years, Online Shopping is becoming more and more popular.
It cannot be denied that online shopping has Many advances.
Most people choose the goods they like on the internet.
People can buy something that they want without door.
And when people make online shopping, they can find out more items than in physical store.
On the one hand, customers can't see the goods.
People don't know the real qualities of these goods.
And sometimes, people receive some items that are not the same as it looks on the computer.
But we must have a high care.
There is no doubt that opportunity like worm always appears around us.
Nonetheless the only way to catch it is the diligence.
The reason why the early bird can catch the worm is that it is earlier than the others.
As the proverbs goes The early bird catches the worm  , So deep do I believe the proverbs in that I have a deep be keenly aware of it.
Back to ten years ago, I was a pupil.
Not having waken up to the importance of diligence, I lived in a terrible life.
So sluggish was me that I achieved the most dreadful mark one after another.
Perhaps it is the fate , I was changed by a story.
In my intention it caused a deep shock, Like breaking undulation lapping.
I respected his ruthless driving of myself, My absorption in my work.
All in all then, as it witness, I increasingly believe diligence is indispensable.
The reason why the early bird can catch the worm is diligence.
With this conviction, I hold this belief to meet new challenges.
Satisfaction with the open hours is 87%.
If you want to get confident.
You will get more confident on campus, you will get ahead.
I'm very much regret I was unable to attend school this morning.
Because I had a cold.
I am enclosing here with a certificate from the doctor who is attending me.
He fears it will be several days before I can come back to school.
In modern society, it is extremely common for us to discover that wasting exists in everywhere and our natural resources in our earth are limited and gradually reduce day by day.
There are great many reasons for us to save our energy.
First of all, campus is the most important place in which we conduct our daily activities, so it must along with a lot of wastes.
As a result, we can contribute a lot for saving our precious resources.
Accordingly, we can also take a large number of measures in this program.
For instance, we shoulden't leave the tap running after using and turn off the lights when we leaving.
Moreover, the road light in campus should turn off partly in the night.
In my eyes, it is convenient and easy for us to save our precious resources, and I cherish a belief that if every one of us can do from little thing everyday and under our constant insistence, our energy will definitely be saving to a large degree.
During the May Day holiday .
I went to Beijing by bus with my parents .
It was wonderful.
Then we went to the Great wall .
Then we ate a lot of delicious food in the restourant .
In the afternoon , we went to the Beijing zoo by bus.
We saw many animals such as elephants , tigers and monkeys.
My father has been on January 7th,1968.
He is honest, sincere friendly, confident, kind-hearted and generous etc.
My father is kind-hearted and generous.
He always likes to help poor people.
He always shows up when people confront with troubles.
He plays an I am your servant role.
It's his principle.
My father is good at sports.
He likes to participate in various of activities.
When I was in primary school, he took part in a basketball contest and played an essential role in the activity, as a group leader.
It's very good to coordinate their steps.
With their cooperation, they win first prize.
However, he has a bad habit---drinking.
Last year, just the Spring Festival, he had already drunk, but insisted on drinking.
My mother is afraid that his stomach is bad and very annoyed at his drinking.
It's always make me frustrated.
Although my father has some bad habits, I still love him.
My name is Q and my English name is Mandy, I come from Z, which is a beautiful city.
There are many scenic spots.
When I am a child, I like reading very much, especially the detective novel and English.
Therefore, I like English class and English teacher.
I have many hobbies, such as playing ping-pong, skating, climbing and so on.
In my future, I want to be a lawyer, because it is my dream, though it is not my profession.
On the other side, I dream about being a businesswoman.
Only by study hard, can I achieve my dream.
I do believe the motto , Where there is a will, there is a way  .
The population of the city is becoming larger and larger.
Some people have moved to the countryside and some are intent on marching to the countryside.
There is no doubt that rural areas have some advantages.
First, the air is clear.
Second, The temperature is lower than the city's in summer.
What's more, living in the village can bring you a comfortable and quiet life.
On the contrary, living in the city is also a good choice.
You can use modern facilities in the city, which make you life easy.
In my opinion, I prefer living in the city.
As far as I am concerned, I can have fun in gyms, cinemas, parks, KTVs and malls, all of these are in the city.
Above all, my relationship is built in the city, my friends and families are in the city, I can meet them anytime.
J - 29 have been loaded on the ship PEARL  , and will Transshipment in Hong Kong May flower .
For a long time, examinations is regraded as the best way to measure one's knowledge and capability.
Nowadays, there are a lot of formal examinations, just like NMET, CET4, CET6, etc.
In quest for a higher marks, crame teaching is used to students.
There is no sense to do this.
Many students passed CET4, but they still can't communicate with foreigners.
The aim of education is not a high marks but to teach the students how apply the knowledge to life and think independently.
I like it very much my college life.
Then their studies are becoming worse and worse.
First, let students learn the importance of study.
Second, tell students about negative impact on compus love.
Third, To divert attention and university students active in the campus activity.
I heard about your help when i was surfing the internet.
frirstly , you should talk to chinese as much as possible .
You should express your feeling .
Nowdays, problem of piracy become more and more serious.
First, you can see that everyone buy the private things, so that the creater can not get the equal income, for a long time , they must lost their interest in craeting other productions.
Therefore the people would not enjoy the new things , the technology can not develop and the society can not be progress at last.
You can image that today if we use the Iphone 1 , drived the car that used 4 hours from the X to Y.
So, i think we should protect the intellectual property.
As a student we can not prevent those who make the piracy, but we can do as an example .
We never use the pirate products, never buy the piracy, when our friends , our calssmates or our relative use the piracy , we stop them and ask they to do this with us.
Although it looks impossible that everyone we asked would help us to prevent others, but when we ask more people, the small part of it will be a strong power.
Then i think our country should perfect the relevant laws to protect the creator's right.
The law must be severe on piracy.
I am Wangtao who is a senior student.
On the one hand, it is a fact that the smart phone has its merits.
To name only a few, it is universally acknowledged that it's convenient for us to keep in contact with our parents.
On the other hand, on the contrary, nevertheless everything has the two parts, positive and reverse.
So we should recognize that what is baneful when we use the phone.
The first all, there are no doubt that it will influence our academic record.
After all, the wrong behaviours that should be controlled by parents will spread between the teenagers.
At the same time, it is natural that wasting the substance and spirit to chat or sends the messages.
In contrast, I strongly support Three beliefs  .
Only in this way can you solve the problem.
In particular, above all else is that youths are no longer in use that belongs to the phone during the studying.
Time is gone, which we spent in using the smart phone.
By the way, don't use it to play games that will be replaced by reading or learning.
Of course, don't cheat too.
In a word, please control yourself and pour attention into yourself.
Hollo, everybody.
Myhometown is Qingdao.
Qindgao is a very beautiful city in China.
Qingdao is near the sea.
And I always play in the sea.
There is the subway in Qingdao.
Qingdao give me a warm feeling.
Qingdao is one of the most living cities I have ever seen.
A lot of people from other cities say Qingdao is very beautiful.
A I agree with them.
In my impression of Qingdao environmental is more protection than before.
This is my hometown.
it attracts many foreigners to visit , They are deeply impressed by the lasted development of our country .
Everthing, however, has two sides, Tourism gives rise to a number of problems , for instance, It becomes a burden to our ineffecient transportation system , besides, with the vistors growing, the historical relics are destoried by people , making it become worse and worse.
Human's ability is not inborn.
In the world does not have not to pass diligently, is child prodigy's person.
Such person does not exist.
Formation of a genius when determining factor should be diligent .
Due to the great pressure which in the study.
They do not have enough time to study.
So students become look for the shortcut to study.
For example , students think in order to work in foreign only be good at speaking .
As far as I am concerned it is no problem if they can communicate with foreigners .
In addition, as the life become better and better, it let the students become lazy.
Students do not want to use their body , especially their hands.
They consider it is too troublesome to write.
Again, many schools also does not pay attention to cultivate students's spelling ability.
In order to solve this problem, I think, we should change the wrong thinking .
At the same time, teachers should help students pay attention to spelling .
For example , let them write composition or diary.
I'm very glad to talk with you.
First, you can try to do your best to read and spell the new words loudly.
the new words and you never forget it.
The second is writing.
the new words.
the third is speak the new words as much as possible.
these is all the suggests for you.
  .
Although spring is beautiful; summer is hot; autumn likes a beautiful painting, but winter is what my favorite season, which brings me more inspiration.
Sometimes I imagine that winter is coming, and autumn left.
The cold wind blows, while our hearts feel good.
I enjoy it as much as i like, then open my arms, take a breathe deeply.
At that time, i feel everything is wonderful.
What impresses me deeply is the beautiful views.
In my opinion, it is necessary to learn English.
Because you can learn adanced technology.
It is good forinternational communication.
It also make us more in depth understanding of western culture.
It is abvious that we should strengthen the English practice.
Although compared with English, I prefer to learning Chinese.
Learning English need put more vim, but grade always low.
Someone think learn English is of no use to them.
And someone in order to deal with the test.
So different thinking lead to different results.
We must work hard instead of for the test.
As a Chinese, we have difficulty in learning English.
People take different views on this question, sixty percent of them are in favor of the idea that parks shouldn't charge entrance fee.
Because parks are pubulic places for people to have a walk and relax themseves .
What's more, if parks begin to charge entrance fee, there will be more gates and walls in our city .
People who are against it think that if paks begin to charge entrance fee, they can pay for the salar of gardeners and buy more new plants.
In a word, they have not arrived at any agreement yet.
on the weekend, I get up and then eat some eggs and dirnk milk.
after eating I do the dishes.
I do my homework for a long time.
I sweep the floor in my free time, and get one's bad in morning.
I have my mornth watch TV.
I plan study playing paion in last year.
I will remember this experience in the bottom of my heart in my future.
It cannot burdened that a person's honesty is the most important aspect of this life.
Honesty is like the wind, I can't see it, but I can feel it.
There are many dishonest phenomena in current society.
For example, lie steal cheat corruption and so on.
Vanity is the main cause of dishonest people's greed and the social bad phenomenon.
Although many people believe that make an honest man will scff, I doubt whether the argument bears much analysis, what these people fail to consider is that honest people is the biggest winner.
I think honesty is the best policy, as an honest people should have two things lips that won't lie and love that won't die.
Now many students in a number of different views on the promble, but it can not be a friendly solution, and finally fights can occur, so I think in the schools, the students if have different contradiction between, and students should be good communication, not the use of force to solve the problem.
I think extraterrestrials are exist in the world.
However, they may disguise humans or animals.
We shouldn't only regard them as evils or what will do harm to humans.
They may give something helpful to us.
But we can't find or contact with them by nowaday technology.
On balance, we have only known a little about extraterrestrials.
Credit card is a common occurrence in our lives today .
Some people think credit card is a very convenient way and has become irresistible trend in our society .
because only you import your password , you can get whatever you want go to ATM .
Lots of students as well as me take part in them.
But some students say that we should not take part in them because it is a waste of time.
But I do not think so.
For instance, I take part in after-school exercise.
I used to be very weak and unfit.
Since I take part in it I have been more and more healthy.
I have got strength and power via the activities.
Thanks to it, I am not afraid of running any more.
As you can see, after-school activities offer us a chance to improve ourselves.
But on the other hand, we should choose activities which are really good for us.
First of all, we should know what we exactly want and avoid spending too much time on useless things.
I want to say them again:  I love you.
With the rapid development of economy, great changes have taken place in life style.
In the past, people kept in touch with each other mainly by writing letters or using the public telephone.
As everyone knows, , Necessity is the mother of invention  .
Now everyone has their own phone, they can access the Internet using WiFi.
Today is the era of network communications.
It used to take several days to hear from each other, but now it takes only several minutes, even if they are in two different continents.
As far as wechat , publish dynamic, let your friends and family know what you're doing.
According to a recent survey, Wechat has six hundred million users in the world.
A lot of people make money using Wechat, you press your fingers, someone will put meals delivered to your home.
Now, seeking romance is become more and more popular with us students.
On the one hand , the critic hold the views that as soon as students lost themself in the romance, so they pay less attention on their study day after day, which will lead to failed in exams .
The romance can have a bad influence on their future.
Not only this, if the romance become show a lack of continuity in its appeal, but one people love another people too much, both of them will suffer from harm.
On the other hand, there are some people tihnk the romance can inspire two students to work hard, and two people can talk with each other mind to mind, they will have a good time on Campus.
In my opinion, our teenagers can'tcontrol ourselves enough, so we should learn to deal with the relationship between romance and study.
Firstly, the first impress is very important.
Actively making communication with other people and with a smile on your face, it will be better than smile-less.
  I just love your earring, they looks good on you.
Likely It was a pleasure meeting you.
After reading the passage   once more to the lake  , what impressed me most were the charming scenery and the exquisite feelings described by E.
The experience that E.
I still remember a song, my father told me when I was young, there was a sentence of song lyric: how much I want come back to the past , back to my hometown-.
After reading the passage, I feel I have fallen in love in the lake as E.
I dreamed there is a time when I can  once more to the lake for E.
Recently, the voice of China, which belongs to TV reality became very popular.
It has a talent structure which deserves watching most.of courst, it is blind cudition.
to the music which is created by singer with their chairs back to the singer.
if the judges were keen on the singer's performance , they would turn their chairs and give the singer encourgement.
theirselves.
our planet.
However, more people are aware of the importance of protecting the earth.
used.
complication.
People are supposed to be more natural .
As a university student , it is high time that we took action to have low-carbon lifestyle.
begin with, going out by bus or by bike is of great significance.
other instant contact rather than facsimile printer should be more used.
As is known to all, Blind-date Show has roused a wide attention.
Whenever we turn on TV, those scenes of blind-date Shows would pop up on the screen.
In reality, I think that the phenomenon is normal very much.
For one thing, recently, the lonely-hearts are rapidly increase.
More and more people cannot find their partner, so the Blind-date show is a good way of solving the problem.
As far as I am concerned, I support the Blind-date show.
First, the Blind-date show can help a lot of lonely-hearts to find their partner.
It is a great platform to communicate with each other.
Second, the Blind-date Show can enrich our life.
It can bring happiness to people.
As the saying goes, Actions speak louder than words.
We usually write something which is so stodgy that no one may affirm at all.
However, almost nobody can observe.
My school has various kinds of activities, as a result, I has taken part in many club activities which do me a lot of good.
For example, I can make some friends and I can learn many life exprience that is important in the future as well.
Sports can not only improve my physical ability but also let me have a break among the heavy study tasks.
Besides, it can offer lessons about teamwork and make our friendship closer.
When we watch English movies, I have learned many useful everyday English which help me make progress in English.
And below are some suggestions for you.
It's important to know that you should choose an activities which you are interested in and fit for.
Also, you need to understand that your mainly work is studying so I must say that you had better not let the activities make an affect on you study.
The first day of my university is wonderful.
This is a lake which can bring happyness to me .
WhenI saw that lake I believe I will enjoy a colorful life .
we were walking around to the university.
After that we went to the hall, and we got some more information about this university .
I think this is a place which always appear in my dream .
I am so happy to take part in this big family .
It belongs to a real people show, in fact, it is a match of singing a song.
At frist, singer sings the song while the judges sit in the turnable desk , which are backed at the singer.
If the judge interests the singer, he will turn around the desk.
I think it deserve looking, every singer sings very well and behaves excellently.
Tell me your view of that.
As is known to all, rapid developments in technology brought us a new era.
With the aid of highly-developed public transportation, long-distance travel isn't trouble any more.
At the same time, the group of private car owners is growing bigger and bigger.
The smart car who can see and hear and feel and smell and talk and act under the control of electronic sensors fixed in the car is expected to solve some driving problems.
It can eliminate the existence of the drunk driver and the sleepy driver.
We are eager to see a decrease in the number of people that are killed or badly injured each year in traffic accidents.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
Most of us have already taken part in them and enjoy the colourful activities.
As for me, different club activities and sports are my favourites.
They not only make me go out of shyness, but also develop my abilities and make me strong and health.
What's more, I love watching English movies very much.
I can learn real English and know about foreign cultures in this way.
If so, you can choose a club for your hobbies.
Then you can choose some after-school sports.
There are also a number of interesting activities waiting for you.
Britain is the most powerful period in the 19th century.
Nowadays, the Internet is becoming more and more popular.
People throughout the world use it to chat online, shop online, finish the task which is assigned by the boss, play the games and so on.
As we all see, the Internet has occupied our life.
In my humble opinion, at the moment people aren't able to live without the Internet.
However, as the saying goes, Every coin has two sides.
We should look to the bad aspects of the Internet.
With the spread of the Internet, people no longer communicate with others face to face.
The relationship between friends, family members, colleagues is worse than before.
They all have less communications.
In the picture showed above, we can see the interpersonal communication between the father and the daughter is very brief.
It should be noted that we must focus on interpersonal communication.
We should realize that while the Internet can bring us a great deal of convenience, it can not take the place of interpersonal communication.
We must focus on both, especially interpersonal communication.
If we communication with others face to face, we can eliminate the contradict and promote the relationship and emotion between people.
Then, our life will become more colourful.
In my free time, I like playing basketball with my classmates or my friends.
I like playing basketball very much.
I play basketall every Friday.
So I am very tall and strong.
If I am very happy, I will do some sports.
Because sports can help me to more excited.
When I am sad, I will talk about with my best friends or my parents so that I can be happy.
I think when I am very sad.
I used to imagine my college life while I was in senior high school .
University life is very boring.
I do not know how to deal with the plenty of spare time.
Some people think that the university should learn a personal life in order to adapt to the future social life.
I think they just live for life, No matter whether happy, I think they are real robot.
Studying in college is a brand new start of our life.
You should live your different ways .
This article introduces the impact of WTO and NAFTA on the economy of U.
Even though supporters say U.
What's more, Fast track trade negotiating authority is not for the nation and will not have any effect on the economy.
With the implementation of NAFTA, the substantial appreciation of the U.
S dollar has stimulated FDI from U.
In all, even though free trade is the long-run trend, WTO and NAFTA has fatal flaw and can not achieve the desirable outcome.
Today there are much problem of pollution in our life.
For example, water pollution, rubbish pollution and so on.
In my opinion , the most pronlem is the water pollution, because if we do not have water we will die at once.
Wo must do something to protuct the envicoment, so what should we do.
First, do everything from our llife.
From the above analysis, we can see that the contemporary college graduates want to take the jobs that are consistent with their own characteristics.
In the passage, the author told us an anecdote that he found difference between Chinese and western learning style.
Chinese style is teaching by holding children's hand, which were regarded as resulting in lacking the creativity.
But the western-style education is not that superior in every aspect, at least it isn't effective when I learned tennis.
Here is my story.
About seven years ago I began learning tennis and took a lesson given by a foreign teacher.
He taught in a downright western way, he never talked about the elementary movements of tennis, just let us play.
Three months later, I found myself still clumsy in such sport, I thought tennis was so difficult for me that I quit the class.
I think, creativity is not the principal thing in learning everything, for example, swimming, languages, physics, math, etc.
When learning something sometimes we need a template, and sometimes we need to get the facility first so that we can be confident of getting into further learning process.
There is an increasing interest in live together .
There is some truth in both arguments .
Nowdays, internet are more important in the daily lief.
We can communcate with our friends on QQ, renren and MSN.
And share our feeling on our blong.
There are tow parts of the internet.
One part, the internet to the benefit of our lief.
Firstly, we may be made many friends on line.
And we can gets some important things, like the news, the weather variations and so on.
Secondly, we can buy clothes, shose, furniture, and so on.
On line these things are very cheap.
So the internet is good for our daily life.
Like, it have many blight, such as blight webpage, the bad person.
We can buy something on line, but went we couldn't choesen the better we should be cheat.
In my oppinion, the internet is gooa for us.
It can save ouer time and make life easier for the population.
Although, the internet have many blight, we can balance the good thing our the bad thing.
I think the internet can give us a good lief.
We can use it change our lief and developing our world.
We hold our  s breath.
When I hace a different opinion, I will keep my opinion and check my opinion.
If it is right I will listen to others point of view.
And then compare the two opinions to find which is better.
It is easy to know the mean of two heads are better than one  .
More people means more power.
If it is a genius opinion, not only I will share it, but also I will persuade others.
Why do the phenomenon appeared widely in society, here are some of  reasons.
Almost all the merchants want to earn more and more money, people who bugs something wants to spend the least money.
At the same time the dishonest people widely to see in society.
If anyone of the society does anything dishonest to each other.
We should be honest with other.
I love my families including my mother, my father and my younger brother.
Now I'd like to introduce my father to you.
My father is tall in acquaintances , but his height is just 1.68 meters.
I feel my father is very thin because he stays up to work hard to bring up my brother and I. Especially, there is a little mole in the middle of my father's forehead.
What's more , my father is a optimistic and very nice.
Sometimes he is strict to my brother so that I'm a little afraid of him.
That there is one of the anecdotes left an deep inpression on me is he gave up working to go back to my senior high school as soon as knowing my foot was scalded by a pot of boiling water.
At that time, on the one hand, I feel I would go to pieces because college entrance examination was approaching and it was just in one month .
However, the bubble was so big that I couldn't wear the shoes.
I thought I couldn't get through it.
It is so much news about  safe in school  these days.
In my opinion, it is impossible to keep safe at school because it is impossible.
We shouldn't do anything to keep safe.
I am very happy that you will come to China.
lt has a history of more than twenty crnturies .
However, it's very hard to define one's success ; the standard differs.
The key word of my success is beyond.
As we all know , the talent , from which we inherited our parents , essentially to our achievements , is not equal.
Thus we shan't define one's success by their final achievements, but progresses.
If one makes progress and is in the way of being better than who him used to be , albeit without outstanding accomplishments, he is among the most successful people.
When it comes to the factors , there exists three kernel factors of success--persistence, confidence and diligence.
Persistence owns the priority over the other two , because success is a process of accumulation .
What's more , confidence that provides motivation for going further and diligence that concrete our foundation are both necessary.
Nowadays we all talk about being rich.
Some people think that being rich means owning more money.
It is known to all that health is the basics of our life.
There once a millionaire.
He opened such a big company that he even did not know how much money he had.
Obviosly, he was the happiest person in common people  s eyes.
However when he was interviewed in a tv, he did not feel so happy as common people felt.
he said that he had little time for their children and because of that , his children did not want to stay with him .
Moreover, he had a unhappy marriage.
Shotly speaking, he cannot feel the warmth of family.
The train is more fast than car.
We went a lot of place, such as the Great Wall, the Summer palace They are very famous.
And then we ate many delicious food in Beijing.
My favorite food is noodle.
My parents and I enjoyed this trip very much.
The reform of college entrance examination influences the English tests.
Students can select the time and the number of times they want to take the exam.
Compared with the current college entrance examination system, I don't think the new one is better.
The current system tells students that there is only one chance to get into a famous university.
What it teachs us is that there are some vital affairs in our lives which may offer you only one chance, and you must make full use of it to achieve success.
At the same time, the new exam system increases the students' burden.
Although they can take sereval exams, the more they take, the more pressure they will suffer.
When a student get a good mark in an exam, he may worry about whether he will still get a high grade in the next exam.
What makes me feel the current system is better most is because it can find the bright students more easily.
I take the current college entrance examination in gratitude.
It lets me experience a lot.
It is helpful for us to read English book to know more knowledge.
In today's society , English became a recruitment requirements , so we need to gain a high English level that the company require.
Students' Union will hold an outdoor activity this weekend.
It gets warm recently and it's a good chance for us to go out and get close to nature.
Now let me tell you some details about the activity.
We will get together at the school gate at 7:30 on Sunday.
It will start at 8:00 and end at11:00.
We are all busy working or studying in our daily life.
I'm sure it will be a good way to relax.
I'm looking forward to your coming.
With the development of society, the life of people become more and more rosy.
The government came up with creating conservation-oriented society.
Creating a conservation-oriented campus require students to save resources.
Due to the students' waste the phenomenon is very severe.
For example, firstly, we always can see an army of students remain much meal in the canteen.
Secondly, we also always see some students don't light on.
So far as, resources are short when we share them.
So creating a conservation-oriented campus is essential.
So we should call on a sea of people participating in the activity.
In daily life, we should get into the habit of good.
In recent years, civil service exams become the popular topic that people are talking about.
People are increasingly realized that the civil service is a very good job.
Civil service is working in government departments.
This particular work determines the welfare and the retirement security of civil service are very good.
I think to find a good job, not necessarily to become a civil service.
I think the real good job is everyone you love, is suitable for everyone.
The most important is everyone could be happy.
We can have the fish for dinner.
His wife said, Oh, the fish was eaten up by the cat.
Confronted with the high pressure of life, we always short our cuts.
We want to use less money so as to get more goods.
So we collect all kinds of coupons and look for group-buy deals to meet our needs.
First we always buy something that is unnecessary to use the coupons.
Sometimes, the coupons are for some commodities that we are not really need, while we buy it just for the fact that they are cheap.
Actually we don't use it ever.
Second, although the commodities are cheaper than not using the coupons, the quality of commodities can not be promised.
When we purchase it home, later, we will find those may be fake, or second-hand, such thing can be irritating.
When we buy the goods, saving money is not the only thing that we take into account.
This just like our parents.
My name is Y.
I am a 18 years old girl.
I live in a beautiful city of X.
As far as I am concerned.
I am a happy girl.
I think friendly is so important.
So I began to bring to bring up this character.
As time goes by .
I have many friends.
My hobbies are listening to music and reading different books.
I will do exercise in my spare time.
My favorite subject is English.
lt's more meaningful to learn English well.
All in all we need to communicate with different persons.
So we should learn English harder.
With the time going by, and the winter holiday is coming.
I am away on holiday until 1st of March.
It lasts fifty days.
It is so long that we have much time to do something, wich we like to.
Nonethless, we can't forget to learn English.
In my heart, learning English is useful and interesting, and we can know about the customs and the scenic sports of other states by learning it.
It is said that creep before you walk.
So we ought to make a plan for it.
First, we can make a list of the things that we need to do every day accurately, such as reading the words and passages loudly in the morning, learning some good sentences by heart, writing weekly composition, and asking a friend to study together with you.
So you can monitor each other.
Then, I want to be an English education to practise my spoken English.
Besides, I can earn some money for myself to buy a computer.
I think if you follow the prescribed orders, and everyone can be goog at English.
It's very useful to have a part-time job for students.
On the one hand, Part-time job can give us the additional cost of living.
Good exercise their various aspects adility and function, convenient your better integrated into the society in the future.
On the other hand, relatively, especially the girls go out part-time.
They easy to be deceived by society.
College students less time.
The advantages and disadvantages of college students part-time is actually a pair of contradictions.
In our country , there are a lot of students whose parents can not provide the cost for their daily school life.
Therefor The ministry of education carried out an education loan system .
Students can apply for a loan to the government during the university life.
However , many impoverished students intentionally forget it after they graduated .
They don't pay back the loan on time.
If we look for some information we need, it helps us to find useful information effectively.
I assume that free libraries established in each town, our living standards will raise gradually.
There are many students like to sleep too long time in university, I think that is a very serious problem, they are wasting time on the bed.
My father is the one I love most in my life.
Seen through the eyes of many other people, father seems to be a kind man , easy to approach , thoughtful , and forgiving, always care about other people.
As to me , father is a good teacher and friend of mine.
He is a hard-working man and always tell me that : hard work is the only thing that will lead you toward to success.
when I accomplish something unusual , he show his happiness as well as pointing out my mistakes and shortcomings, then, provide some advice about what should I do next.
I'm proud of you, my father, I'm proud of being a son of you.
In the last part, the author concludes several causes of the rising trade deficits, such as the sustained and substantial appreciation of the US dollar and devaluation of foreign currencies, the creation of the WTO and NAFTA, which were fatally flawed .
Now we are entering a brand era, and great changes have taken in our daily life.
In ancient wirting letters is a sole way to contact with others while recently we can use it to contact at any time.
However, everything divides into two.
Although mobile phones can make our life more convenient and reduce the distance between people.
Oppositely, it also have negative influence in our life.
On the one hand, using mobile phones frequently will do harm to our health, like myopia etc.
On the other hand, with the technological development, mobile phones have many foundations.
We can use it to play games, communicate online and so on, which spend our too much time to concern people around us.
As you know, I was invited to go to China as the messager between Canada and China during the Spring Festival.
During these days I studied with my friends that come from China and talked with them and we also did lots of sports.
It was happy for me to visit the snece of Beijing and watch Peking Opera.
I can not forget them , espiecially jiaozi is my favourite food.
I spend a few wonderful days.
With the development of society, there are more and more people who beg on the streets.
For this phenomenon, I disagree with it.
First and foremost, some of those beggars are cheaters, they just make use of the people's sympathy to get money without going to work.
If we take money to them, there will be more and more beggars on every coner of the street.
The other reason is that everyone have hands, so they can rely on their own hands to make money rather than beg on the streets.
Making money by themselves is the long-term solution to solve the problem of food and clothing.
In my opinion, I think we should help others, but we should choose a better way which can solve the problem completely rather than give them money.
When it comes to college life, we can't ignore this fact.
That on campus we can see some not good phenomenon widespread which do harm to their health.
Typical examples are followed, some of them stay up too late which easily resulting in waking up late even skipping classes.
Others consume too much money in an inappropriate way.
It can be noticed that the majority has a good learning of the negative impacts.
In the first place, they have difficulty in focusing on lessons about what teachers said in the daytime.
In addition, they are likely to neglect their studies and drop out.
They gradually become physical or mental ill-being.
Therefore, we just can not leave youngsters alone, or they are likely to be influenced by unhealthy tendencies.
It's high time that the college students should take effective methods to get rid of unhealthy habits and live a colorful life.
It is advisable that college students themselves ought to strengthen the awareness to lead a healthy life.
Furthermore, they ought to gather the courage to participate in outdoor activities and go to interesting and meaningful clubs.
Last but not lest, students themselves should control their lives in an appropriate way to maintain a balance between playing and studying instead of yielding to the temptation.
There is a general awareness that smoking is harmful and would lead to cancer.
Whether smoking should be banned in China has aroused a heated controversy.
The Chinese government has passed the law to ban the smokers that they can't smoking in public.
The smokers argue that the government shouldn't interfere their smoking right.
On the contrary, many other people insist that smoking should be banned in China.
First of all, they are not willing to breathe the second-hand smoke, because in public, the gas would be always filled with the smoke, it is evident that the air will hurt their body.
Secondly, they consider that smoking is not only harmful to the body, but also wastes considerably money.
They spend the money in harming themselves.
In my point of view, quitting smoking is so tough that although many people know it's harm but they can't refuse to smoke again.
The law would perform practically no functions like the condition going on.
As far as I'm concerd the noise pollution is harmful our life .
It can be make us upset and lose heart to do everything .
thus , If we have a good sleep we can do everything better.
so to making noise far away form us are different.
What known to us all is that computers are a part of our life.
But it do not means that we must use computer to do anything.
Of course we have to admit that internet is very comvenient and quickly.
As far as I am consider, I think chat to friends face to face are better than on computer because I can see him and feel his morales.
So I just use computer to do office work.
I am a man.
Nowadays, with the development of technique and science, person's life improve obviously and quickly.
So almost every family has their nongovernmental car.
In order to rescue time or become convenience, people wouldn't like to go to work by foot.
More and more young people are used to driving a car or taking a taxi.
From my point of view, the traffic jam is a very essential problem to resolve.
In reality, the traffic jam takes a serious affect.
For example, ambulances can't get across quickly, as we all realize, the speed of ambulance meas the hope of life.
So, the government should solve this problem timely.
Some students put themselves under games.
Some won't go to sleep until night.
Some choose excessive consumption to satisfy their desire, and so forth.
So in order to lead a better life, they must make a chang as fast as they can.
Here are some suggestions might help them.
In the first place, they should realize what they want to harvest during the college period.
Forthermore, set a goal to push themselves to go ahead.
Then, try their best to change the unhealthy habits.
As the old saying goes, Where there is a will, there is a way  .
Except summer holiday and winter holiday, the national day holiday is the longest.
As far as I am concerned, I plan to stay at school .
First, as we can know, one factor is that we always pay more attention to the methods which we used to do homework when learning English.
That day my father angry with me.
With the fast development of the world, people live in a quick fix society, and have a lifestyle in a fast lane, the ways of communication among people have changed.
For example, the Blog, shorted for Web log, has appeared.
First of all, bloggers can record what they see, what they think and what they feel by using Blog, just like the diary, but compared with the diary, Blog can protect the secrets of bloggers better.
Secondly, bloggers can express the emotions through the Blog, to show the happiness or sadness.
Thirdly, the celebrities also have the Blog, and bloggers can learn about some information of celebrities whom they are interested in through Blog.
However, every coin has two sides, Blog also has some disadvantages.
Firstly, in order to improve attention, some bloggers will write some dishonest, unhealthy information in the Blog.
With the gradual development of society, people more and more important to find a job for degree, and think a degree to prove one's ability.
Of course, the view is right, but I am not totally agree.
In my opinion, a pice of paper cannot proved personal capacity.
On the one hand, Even if social progress very fast, but not everyone have the chance to accept university and other higher education, there are many people did not have a college degree, But this part of the people there will be other skills, not just confined to study test research.
They maybe can create a new space.
On the other hand, theory of current employment environment, apart of education, experience is also becoming more and more important.
The west country which I want to go is Switzerland.
Switzerland is situated in the middle of the European.
With a population of 7500000, it's over 4.1 million square kilometers.
Berne is the caption of the country while Geneva is another famous city in it.
Among Switzerland, there are some famous cities, such as Austria, France, Italy and German.
Switzerland is knownas the  World Garden for its scenery.
It's one of the most beautiful cities in the world.
I think The holiday is benefit for me, I feel wonderfui .
I think, when my parents go back, they will happy to see me.
My English is so pro, but I like speak chinese english, I can speak PUTONGHUA, My chinese is very good, there are many chinese grammer in it, I can speak it smooth.
It is the space where I release from books , I am free to make any choice to go forward to my destination .
Everyone has an unforgettable thing in winter holiday.
Before the yesterday, i read a bookcalled The adeventure of Tom sawyer  .
It is also one of my favourite great book.
Tom the hero of the book, lives with his aunt Polly.
He is alively and clever boy.
he does not like people telling him what to do, so he always get into trouble.
He and his best friend, Huck Finn, run away to an island in the middle of the Mississippi River.
Tom has more trouble because a bad man named Injun Joe.
Joe is looking for him later, Tom escapes from a cave with another friend, Becky.
It tells how young people grow how people love each other and how bad people pay for their actions.
On the one hand, students who use it can disturb others and make bad influence in the study.
Our schools should spend every moment they have told this to our children: This is life, this is what you are going to face, and this is how you deal with it.
When I was a child I have a lofty ideals, I tend to be a teacher, because I think teacher is the best occupation and teacher is the engineer of the human soul.
From then on, I always try my best to study hard to realize my dream.
Today many teenagers go to college.
Nomatter how their aim to what, but they have a same goal, such as get many knowledge and want to be useful people for ourself or society.
Up to now, college student already all over the world, if you have never get university education, you can not to live in the future.
In china, have one words knowledge can change the word  .
The world has changed a great deal since universities were established.
So i think .
Date back to May 1st 2014, I went to Neimenggu to plant trees with my father.
It was the second time that I took part in the significative activities with him.
This activity was held by Japanese.
Chinese students and Japanese volunteers formed a group to join it.
Desert climate was very bad so plant trees here was very difficult.
To my surprised, there were a lot of trees standing here like a desert guardian.
The guide told us that several years ago, a Japanese called Yuan Shanzhengying adhere to plant trees here more than ten years like one day.
His team have made such a great cause.
The guide taught Chinese students the way to plant tree.
Because of the heavy wind in winter, we must dig a hole as one meter deep.
For me, it was hard.
The sun shone on the earth like a ball of fire burning.
Although there had some wind, but I felt sweat down the neck down, I had to wear the long sleeve and sunglasses in order to protect my skin and eyes.
My father also accepted this task.
As a man, he planted faster than me.
But he didn't help me.
When I told him I was so tired, he always ask me to try my best and never give up.
The Jepanese's efficiency were very high and they enjoyed it.
They thought a variety of a tree, as much a minute for glory.
Now I can proudly tell that experience.
From then on I wasn't afraid of difficult courage and stick to it.
I'm L.
I'm eager to be a translator or a teacher in the further.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of them think it necessary to go online frequently.
Because we can get knowledges from it.
Our minds can be broadened by going online.
What's more, we can communicate and share our ideas with our friends.
But one coin has two sids.
In the other hand, some of them consider the Internet as a useless one.
They think it does harm to our eyes when we go online.
And we will abandon ourselves to chat and play computer games.
In my opinion, the Internet can help us with our studies.
We can get online some times in our free time.
spring Festival is the most important festival in China, which is greatly celebrated among the Chinese.
For example, almost everyone in China is allowed to take a few days off spending time with their family.
Speak of family, family have great influence on the Chinese.
Recently, nobody could have failed to notice the phenomenon that the square dancing is becoming more and more popular.
Consequently, it has aroused heated discussion among public that whether it is appropriate to practice square dancing in the public area.
In addition, it is good for their health by this activities and further more, it can make a harmonious society and promote the fork music's development.
Others support the opinion that it is not appropriate to practice square dancing in the public.
Although it is their right that they can join in any activities, they should take other's feeling into consideration.
when they are practicing square dancing in public, maybe someone just sleeping , studying and so on.
Everyone has their own life, we should better obey to the social morality.
As far as i an concerned, to deal with this phenomenon, we should take a reasonable attitudes.
Square dancing's development is a good thing to some extent, but we should advantage it in a environmental and beneficial way.
Some people take some measures to inhibit it in extremely way , it is obvious that it is not a sensible and good way to cope with it.
It is time for us to take measures to avoid this trend.
Firstly, dancer should choose reasonable time and place to practice dance in order to not influence others normal activities.
In other words, they can make their voice lower to use it better.
Secondly, passers-by should adopt a sensible attitudes to this.
Injuring is not a good way to solve problem.
Nowadays, the blind-date show is becoming more popular whenever we turn on TV, those incredible scenes of blind-date shows would pop up on the screen.
This type of entertainment program is intensely popular, especially among young adults.
First, the rapid development of chinese economy and the growing gap between rich and poor people's lifestyle, , the busy fast-food life is a large number of young people, high education cost and other economic pressure make young people feel hard to fall in love and get married.
I think that parrots make the best pets.
Besides, they respond you spirits easily.
What'more, they are really smart.
The reason why I say they are smart because they can speak.
Finally, we can learn responsibility from keeping parrots.
We have to feed them, play with them and take good care of them.
It is really great for you to keep a parrot.
There are more and more teenagers to start smoking.
In that teenager have excessive pressure, they intend to smoke to relieve stress.
They have more homework to do, and they tend to have a good grades.
Nonetheless smoke is harmful for our health.
It's not only less impressive for smokers, but also unfavorable for others.
As far as I am concerned, smoking is extremely dreadful thing.
Now governments have banned smoking in school.
That's a good idea for who isn't smoking.
As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment.
Smoking contribute to many diseases, such as lung cancer and pneumonia.
Cigarette smokers to non-smokers outweigh harms.
Passive smokers than smokers are more likely to get sick.
In schools, the harm smoking is greater.
The cigarette via the release of harmful gases into the air to pollute the environment.
If one intends to smoke, I think he should smoke in private, not in the public places.
For example, school.
If smokers can quit smoking, this is how good thing.
In fact, smokers still have the freedom of smoking.
Recently, a survey conductded by professor Bron, concludes that graduate students are dependent on mobile phone and textmessaging , in the belief that they can reach other people instantly .
However , what afflicts them is that they can be reached by others, too.
The application of high-tech in social life , makes it possible to communicate with each other immediately.
Yet we must admit that , to some degrees , it will weaken our relations with relatives and friends , in that we just keep touch with them by phoning without expressing our personal emotions face to face .
In addition , we have less privacy .
Imagine that if a person know every detail about you at any time and any place, it is scared you .
Considering all these basic facts, we should be aware its advantage and disadvantage.
The entire society should work on it together.
Government should make regulations about its use correctly.
What is more , teachers should give students advices and guide them , which can bring benefits to them .
Then I read some interesting books.
Firstly, those who shop on the internet cannot know how the goods are before they buy.
I am a 21 years old girl .
In many people's eyes , they regard me as a college student .
Actually , I am a part-time teacher .
I came into college at September 1, 2009 .
After one year's learning , I felt school life is boring .
I have nothing to do everyday expect having classes .
At that time , I decided to find a part-time job to fulfill my spare time .
I searched on the internet .
Finally I found there is a room for a part-time teacher .
So I called the leader of that education constitution .
We made a deal that meet each other at his school .
It was my first time to be interviewed .
I stood on the stage nervously .
I can't hear anything and feel empty in my mind .
The leader said you can begin now .
Suddenly I realized I should deliver my lecture .
I encouraged myself in heart .
It was a long time to stand on the stage to deliver my lecture .
But I kept smile all the time .
After about 25 minutes , my lecture was over .
Unexpectedly , the lecture was smoothly taught .
Then I heard applaud under the stage .
The leader stood up and said , you are a confident person .
Your lesson is full of passion .
Now I have 45 students .
I can get on well with them .
As for them , I'm not only a teacher but also a friend .
I can not only teach them knowledge , but also teach them how to be a man .
Sometimes I told them my experience about to be a teacher , the first thing is confident .
In a word, the trend of taking part-time jobs in college students is a good sign for our society.
I think that college students should do more part-time jobs to enrich themselves.
Last Friday, something happened in our school.
In a rest a student fainted in the classroom.
Every student was surprised at first.
Sunddenly a student sent him to the hospital immdiantly, so that he was helped by the doctors in time.
Some times later the teacher called his mother about this things.
His mom was very worried.
When his mother came to hospital, the student who fainted is waked up.
The student get well now.
I think we should help each other when someone is in trouble.
With the development of information technology, we change the way of communication with others.
In the past, people wrote letters for others who were far away from him.
When Bell invented the telephone, we used it more often.
Then, the mobile phone was invented.
We could send messages anytime.
It was very convenient for us.
But now, we can communicate with our friends online, even making new friends.
First of all, since the advent of QQ, facebook and other information exchanges, our circle of friends become more and more widely.
If we get in trouble in reality and don't want to tell our friends, we can tell our friends in the network.
And we are never worried about that people talk to any others, because we don't know each other.
What's more, making friends online is a convenient way to communicate from different social classes and foreigners.
In spire of never traveling, we can know a lot of beauty spots and plenty of custom.
And it's a good way to expand the field of vision.
Finally, nowadays, more and more people have a blind date online.
It solves a problem that many people can't find a right spouse, but they can find them in other area.
So, many dating shows are on the rise.
In general, it is wise to make friends online.
A student fainted suddenly during the break between classes, but other students were calm when they saw it.
Some of them called  120 at once, others looked for the teachers at the same time.
The teachers knew it and arrived there soon.
They saw the weak student and then noticed that it 's serious.
At the moment the car came, and the student helped her go into the car.
And they sent her to the hospital.
She was treated in time, and her life was safe.
The teachers also call for her parents and told them good news.
From the thing, we know the students are calm, kind and helpful.
They helped the people who are in trouble.
We can make a large number ofpreparetions to make a good impression.
We always say that the first impression is very important.
So we must keep a good figure to face the daily life.
As one of the undergraduates, we can see all kinds of appearances in the schoolyard, especially bad.
For example, arrive late, leave early, truancy.
From now on, as an undergraduate, we should restrain our actions.
Keep a good job and rest habit.
First, go to bed early so as to get up early, we can attend class in time.
Second, in the classroom, listening to the teacher carefully, concentrating on what they say, and we will finished the class on time.
  Posting a reward to look for evidence, while at the same time deleting the evidences, makes people feel his claims lack sincerity,  Fang said on his micro blog.
. Hanhan responded by saying the articles were deleted in 2008 at the request of his publishing house and to protect his copyright interest.
He is questioning my integrity and moral quality.
With the evolution of the technology and educational, people experience more and more pressures in today's society.
Nevethless without the confidence you could not stang in your life.
When you meet various problems, you will sense frustration.
As we know, confidence is one of the foundation of success.
For example, a musician joins the music competition.
In the play, he found that music has some problems, but all the judges say music there would be no problem.
After much hesitation, he believes that his judgment is right, so he said in a loud voice: no, a certain wrong in the music.
The words sound just fell and the judges left the seat clapping, and they said, you are the champion of the competition.
In today's society, we have to confront more and more pressures, if you want to beyond others, self-confidence is one of the most important basics.
In the past, a theater group need to pick up an actor, most interviewees are shy that they cannot believe that they can success, in addition to a person looks very young.
  And the young man asked the director: Why cannot look straight into you.
Finally, the young man is selected by the director.
On the whole, maybe we do not take the most comprehensive knowledge, but we should have great assurance.
Jobs, a successful entrepreneur, who has a miracle of life is become the focus of the public now.
Not only he found the Apple company in 1970s but also the iPhone become the fashion.
The Apple products's successfully isn't accidental.
Thare are some reasons accounting for this fashion.
Firstly, He was the first people to see the potential that selling computers to ordinary people in the 1970s, Secondly, the design of the iPhone is so popular that which become a fashion quickly.
In my mind , I think the Job's life is a common life , he just did what he best.
Everyone is keen to win success, but sometimes we can suffer a failure.
It's certainly usual that we come across success or failure, so we should take it peacefully.
First of all, we feel disappointed when failure happens to us.
That might seem extremely reasonable.
On the other hand, we could obtain some experience that is beneficial to our development later from failure.
Otherwise, failure has a positive contribution to our life.
Usually, most people will get into trouble when they meet failure, and they even get hurt.
In fact, it may be an opportunity to improve yourself.
In a word, once failure occurs to us, we should adjust our attitude to it.
Then, face failure.
I even thought that I had just done the schoolwork when I was the pupil.
And it was the sole one in my brain.
However, it's wrong.
Nevertheless it's not everything.
I need enrich myself, including the interpersonal skill and so on.
They are like arms for us.
Listen to the professors carefully.
supports.
The key to be the top one is my disbursement in my study.
Second, I have to join some groups, for instance, the student union, the troupe.
I should take an active part in them on weekends.
I believe time is wealth.
I try my best to do things what I should do.
Third, I have to support myself by my own's labor as I have grown up.
That is a boy, he is so young.
His hair is longer than the general boy.
He has a pair of watery eyes and a straight bridge of the nose.
His legs are thin and long.
This is a very handsome boy .
He is keen to help people in need of help.
He kind of let me very moved.
He is a kind, generous, honest, clever boy.
Sometimes he let a person feel very strange, it's not like that, because he was thinking that ordinary people couldn't thinking of problem.
He told everyone around him is very good.
He likes playing basketball, table tennis, running, swimming and something like that.
But he was also a very love to eat, every day he eat a lot.
Sometimes, he also like a joke.
Remember once, he dressed up as a ghost to frighten the class a female classmate all cried.
It makes me feel he was naughty.
But he is a man who like a genius, various branches of learning achievement is very good.
Nowadays, the problem of the relationship in dormitory has drew many people's attention.
Because many students don't get along with the roommates very well.
Some feel very lonely and some are abandoned.
There is no better time than the present to patch up the problems.
The first thing you have to do is to find the problems and summon the courage to face them.
Second, you need to have a talk with someone.
Third, no one should allow himself to be emotionally abused by anyone.
Nawadays, mobile phones have become one of the most important tool of communication, and are becoming more and more important.
Mobile phones offer much convenience to college student.
But there are also some problems.
A research concluded that what the students like most about their phones was that they could reach other people and what they like least was that other people could reach them.
Generally speaking, college students are far away from their parents and their old friends, and the mobile phone is a convenient tool to contact with them by phone calls and test-messaging.
It is very necessary for the freshmen to have telephones to contact with their old friends when they can not be accustomed to the new surroundings.
However, some students are afraid to make new friends and lose contact with their old friends.
Anyway, the mobile phone plays an important role in our life.
We should make good use of mobile phones to colour our lives.
On this holiday, a naughty boy who is my former deskmate gave me a call.
He invited me to his celeb-ration party, because he was admitted by a famous university.
it to my mother, she was very angry.
I know the quarral between my mother and me owe to the genertation gap.
tion gap between parents and children is very common at present.
tions and have different views.
-unite with parents as soon as possible.
The opinion would cause a large debate.
Different people have different opinions.
In my opinion, it is correct in a large part .
Firstly, most of the people have inertia .
If they want to insist on doing something , they must learn to control themselves and have perseverance .
But most of the people always can't insist on one thing for a long time such as reading book .
Many people would put them in a corner or just read a part of them but not finished them after they buy several books .
Because they always have the thinking that the book could not run away and they can read it at any time if they have free time .
So , day after day they haven't read them completely in the end .
Secondly , books is a motive power to a certain degree .
As we know , if we borrow a book that means we should take it back to others one day and we just have short time to read it .
So , we would try our best to read it in our free time .
Of course, this is no deny that some people must be read a book when they get it in spite of the book borrowed or brought only if they have perseverance.
But I am sure that they almost read the borrowed-book faster than brought-book .
In a word , I support the opinion that above just was debated in a large part .
We should learn read books with our heart , putting them as our friends in our life rather than read them under the press .
Now, I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is one of the most important holidays.
Before Spring Festival people write or buy couplets to attach.
People prepare for the Spring Festival about half of month before the Spring Festival.
In the Spring Festival, people make jiaozis to eat.
According to the report from the Students' Union, there are some safety problems hidden in the dormitory such as the floors and the steps are too wet, charge while playing mobile phone.
Climb up and down on the starrs.
To keep us safe, we should prevent the possible dangers.
Then the producers embroil themselves in the judgments .
From my point of view, it's not necessary to require students to do written homework every day.
The assignment is just a method for students to review the thing they learned in class.
There is a common scenario that students in China go home with a lot of homework after school.
In order to get all the work done, students have to spend plenty of time on it.
However, actually some of the task is so easy that int's a waste of time for students to do it again and again.
Beijing is in the north of China.
Summer in there is hot, and winter is cold.
Everyone has his own secrets of study.
These secrets make great contributions to their study.
From my point of view, what is illustrated for a secret is something that someone have in private.
Besides, a secret is applied by one in secret.
Working hard does not mean that you will be sure to be triumphant.
However, dropping industrious personality must be your damage of study.
When I work hard everyday and never drop in, I am going to have a chance to chase others and defeat them.
In addition, making the most of time is another secret to my study.
Obviously, wasting time means killing oneself.
Because my time is limited, I must do my best to divide it into each subject, and I can take great notice of time in order to soar the speed of studying each subject.
Each subject is very crucial, they each needs to be paid enough attention to.
What'more, they each needs essential time to be completed.
Because of this, I must make the most of time.
Secrets need to be stuck to by me forever.
If I stick to my secrets, I will have more chances to achieve higher and higher grades and be much more brilliant as well.
Sometimes, I may feel too tired to stick to them.
But they are useful to me and they are my own secrets.
my dream job is being a translator, I like English, I appreciate those people who can speak English well.
When I was a child, I wandered how they can understand what the foreigner said.
I want to go through something special, so I join some associations, just like dancing team.
I think I will grow mature.
When I was a senior school student, I was full of curiosity about the college life.
In order to become a college student, I studied hard in my senior school.
With my three years' endeavor, I turn into a freshman in the college eventually.
As a matter of fact, the college life isn't terrific as we thought before.
Although we have much freedom, we lose our directions of study.
College teachers are not similar to those in senior schools, they nearly do not ask you whether you understand this question or pay attention to their qualities of classes.
In a word, they always finish their classes casually without responsibilities.
Many teachers said we should be independent as a college student, getting much knowledge through studying by ourselves.
As for the changes, what really interests me is all kinds of communities, and we can make some friends who have the same hobbies and improve our capacities there.
All in all, as a college student, we should make good use of our time to chase our dreams rather than idle away.
First, in the onlinelearning english your vision will be more open.
You can improve your ability in play at the same time.
You can make some foreign friends and they use english dialogue in this way .
You can not only understand the local costoms and practices abroad.
Second, online-learning can save a lot of money, when people want to take the course, they have to had in a lot of money buying books paying for the teachers.
While studying online can skip over these unnecessary stuff.
University study can be divided into two parts.
One part is to learn knowledge in the book and another is to learn skills which can be helpful for your future career such as the capacity of communication.
For the first part, you should acquire knowledge in the book by yourself a lot.
Because teachers in university are quite different from teachers in high school.
They don't often check your assignments as well as your attendance.
So if you want to acquire more knowledge in the book, you should be self-disciplined.
Library and self-studying are good places for you to study.
As for the second part, the knowledge is invisible so that you can't learn them in the book but in outdoor activities.
So when you have finished your assignments, you should go out to meet friends to establish your own community.
In a word, you should keep a balance between outdoor activities and book study.
Through times of war and rebellion, peace and estrangement, as well as becoming friends and allies, the UK and the USA cemented these deeply rooted links during World War II into what is known as the Special Relationship  , still described by a leading commentator as the key trans-Atlantic alliance  , which the U.
S. Senate Chair on European Affairs acknowledged in 2010 as one of the cornerstones of stability around the world.
In World War I, the U.S. and the U.
The U.S. and U.
Although the U.
In modern society, more and more teenagers begin to use cellphone.
Many people think that using cellphone is a good thing.
It is convenient for us to communicate and connect.
On the other hand, some people believed that teenagers use cellphone is a wrong thing.
Because some teenagers play it all the day so that they can not study better.
In my opinion, every coin has two sides, we should use cellphone properly.
I signed up for the 800-meter long distance run, which was demanding.
A case in point was that I failed to pass it last semester.
All the participants set out with the gun went.
I've never felt that the time past so slowly.
I was not a little exhausted after half of the distance.
I was taken over by other participants one after another.
Finally, I came up to their exceptions that I stuck to the finishing line.
I didn't get any ranking.
On the contrary, I realized what matters is the process, not the consequence.
To begin with, we went out by bus at 7.00 on saturday morning.
Our destination ia golden beach.
In the morning, we went to swimming in the sea.
swimming is a healthy sport.
besides, there are all kings of seafood, so we ate seafood on the beach.
The seafood tastey very delicious.
In the afternoon, we walked along the beach and enjoyed the view of the sea and took some nice photos.
This trip left adeep impression on me.
Though it was very tireed, we still felt very happy.
Today, as more and more students use the mobile phone, and they have the habit of carring on the body all day, so it's common phenomenon that they use mobile phone in many public places.
There is no doubt that this behavior will have no good effect.
We need to have an editor at school.
Firstly, you choose some articles for student which from English magazines and Internet.
We hope that the students meet demand.
Previously, you are happy to contribute free time for students service.
What's more, yours English level and arts are making satisfying.
First.
As can be seen from the photo, a man is writing an application for getting a job.
When he is writing, he is thinking of what job suits him.
His left hand holds his head and his face is full of sweat.
There are Plenty of papers in the table, most of the papers have wanted column.
Obviously, this man has difficulty in hunting for a job.
This is a common phenomenon in today's society.
Besides, lots of graduates have highly standard to choose a company.
Furthermore, when they study at university, they don't work hard and have no idea what they would want to be in the future.
Last but not least, A majority of professors impart students too much theoretical knowledge.
They are lack of practical skills, and when they enter into a new occupation, they need to make a fresh start.
So many companies will make fully consideration whether to hire graduates.
There are some tips.
First, you should collect much information about finding a job and acquire job opportunity.
This saves your time and money.
Interest is the best teacher.
If you are interested in the job, you will be willing to spend more time in doing it and you will have a good mood which promotes highly efficiency.
Third, you should write many applications to lots of companies which you choose and you also can write on the internet.
Many people will see it.
The words you write should express your confidence.
Although the job is hard to find, the opportunity is only for the prepared mind.
Every one has a dream.
Last year, I took part in a wonderful table-tennis match.
I learnd a lot from the game.
In addition, we need some audience .
So, you can imagin how busy I was.
I should have asked for three assistoes.
He asked some high grade students to help.
Having gone through last failure, this time Hershey became more careful and thus, his business ran fluently.
Being an excellent basketball player, Kobe also has his own most memorable moment.
There are plenty of children in the world and some of them were spoiled by their parents especially in china.
There is no doubt that give too more to children just like the parents in last paragraph may contribute to a serious result, lack of independent, which will become a great resistance in the journey of growing.
It is a good idea to communicate with children so as to let them profess them devotion.
All of us should afford children more space to develop themselves.
recently years, with Economic business rapidly developed, more and more people shopping online.
Online shopping can bring us many benefits.
For example, we can shopping at home, it's very convenient and needn't go out.
Then, it can save much time, we can buy something just click the mouse.
What's more, it's price very reasonable and also to be able to deliver.
Online shopping has a big advantage that we can shopping at any time and any where.
At the same time, there are some problems online shopping.
When we shopping online, we only can see pictures of goods instead of the real goods, so, the receive goods may be diffirence.
Besides, pay online may not security, password maybe stolen.
As we can see , online shopping still exsit unsafe problems and some question.
Currently, the major problem for job hunters to obtain employment.
After they solve this problem, most of people will have some doubts about their choice: choose a high salary or a promising job.
In the choice of employment, some people will prefer to have a high salary job.
As a job hunter, maybe he or she has payed much for thier job hunting.
They need money to make ends to meet.
Most people need money to afford their family.
For example, the peasant workers.
As we all know, the peasant workers undertake all of expenses of their whole family.
They are eager to high salary.
To them, the job with more high salary is more important.
Also there is another person maybe choose a job with high salary.
The graduates who are come from countryside and their family is poor.
After graduation, they want money to pay off loans taht their parents lent for their tutions.
Other people will choose a promising job.
This kind of person have a long term vision.
They want to walk further.
They are willing to do a small job with a promising future.
They have a strong mind to themselves.
After two years later, I will become a job hunter.
In my mind, i will choose a high salary job to do.
On the one hand, i want to make money to make my parents feel free.
On the other hand, i just want to live happily.
I think that i can find a high salary job which can make me happy.
If i find a job with a promising feature, i think i will bear more various of pressure.
I don't want to live with many pressure, i like easy life.
Love cannot be expressed in words and they must be felt with the heart.
Definition of a lot of love.
Friendship and love.
These is the people cannot be a lack of feeling.
I love my family and my friends.
My parents gave me life.
My friend and I had the best day and will always continue.
My parents and I get along as friends.
They will listen to my advice.
Never forced me to do things you don't like.
Our relationship is equal.
I thank my parents .
They gave me encouragement and happy life.
In eight years time they gave me a lot of laughs.
Cherish every person around.
Confucius said: learning without thought it is no use learning without thinking, thought without learning is perilous.
Socrates said, look at this issue, we reached the agreement.
Confucius said: I, three provinces in my body.
Only reflect upon themselves are not enough.
Confucius said: the book leave the question open, silence the rest, is betrayal, especially rare que perilous, running-in, the rest are few regrets.
Confucius said: the gentleman anakims; in speech and action.
Confucius said: knowledge, fresh is benevolence.
Confucius said: the gentleman and different.
In my school, you can jion lots of activities activities after school.
I suggest you jioning them, because you can learn learn a lot from them.
In my opinion, I think basketbaii activities is good.
In my opinion, it is really useful for us to learn by reading books.
So I always do some reading in my spare time.
When I read a interesting story book, I can feel more calm and relaxed.
All kinds of books have different styles, but whenever you often benefit from them easily.
Reading can not only open our minds but also make many friends by joining clubs.
Many cities are suffering from overcrowding.
They frequently drive to work instead of walking.
The increase in the number of the car, it brings a lot of problems.
Such as, it will lead to the traffic jam.
And it will bring the problem of environmental pollution.
The more population, the less house.
Some people will not have houses to live.
Some people will have enough money to see a doctor when they fell sick.
And their children will not have opportunities to receive education.
Because of the increase in population, it adds more pressure for people to find the job.
The quality of life of people can not be guaranteed.
Third, the overcrowding will lead to a shortage of resources.
As a result, though so many serious problems we are facing, it doesn't mean we can never get over them.
I think as a excellent teachermost important of all have a wealth of knowledge.
Some of the teacher help his students to learn who with knowledge.
But I don't think all good teachers should be kind, sometimes it is more useful to be strict.
The modern science and technology abundant and convenience people's life .
The air-condition , dust collector and microwave oven are the technology's product .
For example in the past people's target was to have enough to eat and wear but now people for keeping in a good health .
Open the traces of history, classic always plays a role can not be ignored .
whether in the pqst, now or in the future.
As a student, in my opinion, china vast territory and abundant resources, a long history, take thousands of cultural history.
For esample, with the improvement of people's livng stangard, the pursuit of people to higher and higher, more and more people like pop music.
There is no doubt that people can get a lot benefits from reading classics.
It not noly a good way for readrs to broaden their horizon and increase their knowledge in many aspects, but also can learn the society characters by reading classic.
Obviously , the latter is wrong, classic not outdate, classic does not represent useless, on the contrary, it is becsuse of the rapid of modern life, make people forget the classic, ignored in life.
People want is convenient, want is the entertainment, without thinking, yes, we should look forward, but the same do not forget to look back, it may be more beauiful.
As we know, mobile phones are of great benefit to all of us due to its strong functions.
They made our lives more convenient such as wo can keep in touch with our relatives who are far apart from us.
However, its advantages also lead some people to overuse them or even be addicted to them.
In one hand, people prefer chatting on line to face to face talking, so people will be alienated from their families and friends.
In te other hand, people who are addicted to games will abstain their studies and works, for a long time, their future broken.
In my opinion, the use of mobile phone must be limited by ourselves and we should make it useful for us instead of negative influence for us.
Ok. You may wonder what we goanna do about diet.
In modern society, we everyone plays different roles and we need responsibility to face everything.
For someone, responsibility is an important foundation for success.
Responsibility for the family, everybody hopes to have a warm and happy family, because the family is the harbor of the love.
As children, it is my duty to take care of your parents, we owe them a great deal for the love they give us while we are growing up, we should help them and give them everything what we can do and get when they are getting older.
As democratic country citizens, we must have a strong sense of responsibility to our country.
It's our obligation to keep our country strong in the world.
Finally, we must remember that we have a responsibility to the world to live in.
It is important for us to live in peace with other countries and protect our environment.
In the modern society, science and technology advanced so rapidly.
More and more things open our eyes and broaden our horizon.
Meanwhile, the problem of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere becomes more serious.
Continued carbon dioxide increase, it produced by factories and car, not only threatens to exhaust our resources, but also pollutes our environment.
A great deal led to the steadily concentration of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere.
On the one hand, we should take measures to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere and solve it.
Measures and well known to everyone---plant trees and reduce mineral combustion.
On the other hand, everyone must refrain from the global warming.
My name is M.
I am a student in class2, Business English.
I come from Y, N.
I have a big face, so I was looked fat.
Many classmates called me Kay Kay  , I like this nickname, because I think it is cute and it stands for their love.
I like music and sport.
My favorite sport is basketball.
In these days, I have joined the basketball team which will contest for basketball trophy.
When I was a little girl, I told myself that I must to be an English teacher or a foreign trade specialist.
Because they can talk with the foreigner well.
In my college, I hope I have a fluent English spoken after two years, I can do my favorite things, I also hope our teacher teach us more knowledge, I would study hard.
In our childhood.
If you lie to your parents.
Nowadays problems about environment become more and serious .
Taking good care of our environment is very importment wherever you live , you can do something around your neighbourhood .
It is really a tough problem about using euthanasia is a mercy or a murder for patients which have puzzled people for a long time.
Some people consider that using euthanasia is a mercy because they think if a patient is dying and has no hope to recover, using euthanasia may let him escape the misery.
To their families, it can reduce their financial burden and let them get rid of endless sadness.
However, some people hold that using euthanasia is a murder.
Ethicists fear that under the guise of meadical decisions not to treat certain patients, death may become too easy, pushing the country toward the acceptance of euthanasia.
If euthanasia is easily allowed to use, some doctors may not try their best to salvage patients and easily give up the hope of life.
Doctors say prognosis is often uncertain and that patients, just because they are old and disabled, should not be denied life-saving therapy.
As far as I am concerned, euthanasia can be a mercy if the laws are perfect and we have effective supervisory organizations.
Once my grandfather had a good friend who had got a serious cancer.
These days he suffered a great pain and was waiting for the death.
In the beginning, he could still bear the pain, but later he must rely on the morphine.
His family's choices are to put him in a nursing home until he dies or to a medical center for diagnosis and possible treatment.
At his last time, he looks terrible because he was so thin and weak .
  I am very sad to witness this tragedy.
So I think, a person can be given a better way to die, if he is dying.
Mrs Mary , an english teacher , came into my life .
She was like an angel .
I think university teacher's work is not hard.
Second I must be friendly in every day now.
Now more and more person have a various of diseases which are difficult to cure.
Because of it, we must discover a useful way to solve the problem.
Some scientists find cloning can do it.
Cloning helps us find cures to fatal injuries and diseases.
Besides, it helps couples to have babies they cannot have otherwise.
As a result, it can enable endangered species to increase their population.
Cloning is not only used in medical, but also used in agriculture.
We can use cloning to make some crops which can produce a lot.
New students come to a new place.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
First, I'd like to talk about my family.
Ten years later, I will be 28.
I will have a family with a humor husband.
Maybe we'll have two lovely babies so that they can play together.
I won't live with my parents, but I'd like to buy a house for them near my home.
Second, working is a vital thing.
I really have interested in Chinese language and literature.
I wish I can work in Confucius Institute.
I can practice my oral English as well as spreading Chinese culture.
That will be useful.
I wish I can be well-paid.
Third, I think I can have a colorful spare time in the future because I really love travelling and reading.
What's more, I wish I can have a healthy body to support me making my all dreams come true.
All they need to do is to sit on the armchair and click the mice.
The Spring Festival and the Christmas have a lot in common, for example, firstly, they both celebrated in winter.
Secondly, like the western Christmas, the Spring Festival is the most essential festival in China.
Both in western countries and eastern countries, everyone will return home to spend this day with their families.
Besides similar aspects, they have different aspects.
First , one is western festival , the other is eastern festival .
The developent of literature in china has a very long history.
The development of the ancient literature has not ceased.
China has a lot of famous writer, they work with us to grow.
There are four Chinese literature classics  The water margin    The romance of The Three Kingdoms    A Dream in Red Mansions    Journey to the west These works were made into films spread all over the world.
Literature have important influence on our lives and social development.
Each are literature represents the different social and cultural development trend.
In a word, literature not only has great influence in society and also has great importance in your life.
Traditionally, they promise to love each other for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health.
As a saying goes, it is never too old to learn.
When we human beings born in the world primitively, all of us are obviously unsophisticated.
So we have to learn to live.
The first teachers are us parents.
They teach us how to move slowly, how to eat softly, also how to fall asleep quietly.
They are a kind of teachers who really be good forever.
The second teachers are school teachers, they give us useful knowledge carefully, of course, we will use it in our life time whenever and wherever possible, so it is very important to listen to the teachers earnestly in school states.
Besides, I think the most important thing in life is our teacher.
Because we can gain experience from failure, what we do depends on what we think.
So it is necessarily to think what life is ourselves.
Time is money.
As the saying goes, An inch of time is worth an inch of gold  .
Unfortunately, although people know the value of time, they have been always wasting time.
Some people use their time to watching Tv, surfing on internet, playing computer games and so on.
In my opinion, I think we should form the good habit of saving time, do not put off what can be done today till tomorrow.
A famous chinese saying goes like this, Time can not be purchased with gold  .
As a student, I should use my time to finish my homework on time.
lt's not surprising that there is much love around me.
My parents always stand by my side when l am in trouble, and then encourage me to be more confident to solve these problems.
When l get love from them, l feel happy and warm.
Therefore, l will help them to do housework or respect them to return their love.
From all these years in my life, Dan must be the weirdest person I have ever seen.
I was in the drive-training center all this summer to make full preparation for my driving test.
He is slim, medium height and looks really funny.
And he has a crew cut and a thin face with a high-cheek-boned.
His clothes are usually the casual one.
On a hot summer day, he always wears a T-shirt and jeans when he comes to the drive-training center.
People who meet him for the very first time probably consider him as a some kind of scholar.
But he enjoys to grinning to people around him with his deep-set eyes.
It is definitely kind of creepy, though.
Just imagine, a person who simply smile to you without any excuses.
He is so different from other people in a peculiar way.
Generally, you should train yourself for almost 2 or 3 months to make sure you are qualified to pass the test.
He hit the stake intentionally every time he drove .
No one could figure out why he did this.
And finally, I asked him why he did it.
As far as I am concerned, Dan surely has widened my horizon.
And his oddness and unique thoughts would not be forgotten.
Famous British educator Hayek said: Every adult should be, and must bear full responsibility for his own.
English is very import in the social now.
It is very useful in our life .
If you learn english well, you can get more occasions in now social.
English is one of the most import lesson for us.
It takes on a large part in our study.
In fact I dislike English of all subject with out of the my life .
One years ago i am not good at english .
But now i think i really is good at English .
And very importiant of you is you must listen linsten listen and read read read and write write write of course is my impover my English ways but I want tell you this way will change your english just a litte hour for one day that your do anything.
Go through you soul when you are a kid .
The summer vacation is coming soon.
I was going to do a lot of things, but we only have one year to brace for the university entrance exam.
The first thing to do is to practise painting.
We will go to the head school in Fengxian and live in the school from July to August.
In the head school, we will practise painting all day long.
I believe that only in this way can we do it well.
We will prepare for the art exam in this year's December.
The second thing I should do is to improve my Maths score.
It is very essential to me.
I'm always poor at Maths.
I can't give up Maths so I must be more industrious in Maths.
This summer vacation I believe that I will be tired, but it will also be substantial.
As smooth as a mirror, the screen is a full touch one.
With slim design, the whole phone weighs only 105 grams, the body is 104mm long,49mm wide and 12mm high, and the full touch screen is 2.9 inches large.
Just like other mobile phones, my Nokia has many great functions.
However, the most exciting one is its music playing.
My first memory of school was the teaching building is brilliant.
We have grades one to twelve, and ninth to twelfth grade learn in the same floor.
My favorite activity is play basketball , because it can promote our friendship.
Our English teacher is Ms Zhang.
She's teaching method is nothing like that teachers at my Junior High school.
My best friend is KBShinya.
Nowadays, it's a common and grave phenomenon that a vast number of students don't pay attention to spelling for studying English .
From my point of view, there are possible there reasons contributing to this phenomenon .
First, students think that spelling is useless for studying English , what's more spelling is hard work , they don't find method .
As is discussed above , from my point view base on some reasons .
To deal with this problem successfully , we should be made aware of the serious consequence of misspell .
Many times , it will completely change its meaning .
Meanwhile , teachers should also attach due important to spelling .
Students should pay great attention to spelling .
I went to Hawaii for holiday this winter vacation.
It takes a long time to get there by plane and I had nothing to do during the 8 hours on plane.
Suddenly, I remembered that I had downloaded a book to my iPad.
I took it out and began to read.
While I was reading, I found that the man on my left was getting closer and closer to me.
I didn't say a word at first.
But a few minutes later, it was more than I could bear.
  He looked very sad, and he said, sorry, but your book is so interesting, I just want to read it.
You know, I was so boring.
From this histogram, we can get some in formations.
With the growth of year, the drug addicts' age was changed.
In my opinion, it's a very adverse effect that youngsters take the drug.
First, parents should teach their children far away from the drug.
Second, youngsters should take the study as the principal thing.
Besides, government should take effective measure to put on end to the drug.
As we konw, the internet brings us a lot of conwenience.
But the inseparable connection let our personal information becoming more and more insecure.
This method can reduce the risk of information leakage greatly.
Many informal website access to your personal information and then send anonymous calls or messages to you.
What's more, they might sell your information to other criminals.
These criminals may use your personal information for frauds or to steal your bank card password.
And these are the thing that has real happened before.
So to confirm the reliability of the website in advance is very important.
It can protect information security when we need to fill out our information on the internet.
This is to certify that Miss Susan Hobson who has been worked as a secretary in our office for tow years.
During this time, Miss Susan Hobson worked hard, be loyal to her duties and honest.
And she is a competent secretary.
She has a good command of English and Genman, and can speak them fluently.
My name is D.
I am 18 years old.
I'm from Y.
I like the beautiful and busy city very much.
It can make us happy.
My favorite food is French Fries, because it tastes delicious.
I like listening to music especially pop music.
I dislike sports.
Because I 'm not strong, it's hard for me.
I think I'm an outgoing girl.
So in the university I have a lot of friends.
My friends are all kind to me.
They can make me happy.
In the new school I also hope myself can learn how to communicate with others.
I knew W.
I commented, There's a proverb which says that a person who has been bitten by a snake is afraid of a rope.
I'm trusting you by introducing you to them, so you might as well trust me and get to know them.
But at the same time also can bring a lot of problems, instance some one damage the museum'sthings, even destruction thire.
I am very happy you can come to China, as you best friend I will with you vist chinese scenery and places of interest.
the Great wall.
It is chinese sign.
You must will fall in love with it.
experience fairyland on earth.
Hangzhou Weast Lake is very beautiful.
Last you and me will go to the Imperial Palace.
You will understand great build and traditional culture in ancient China, and Beijing Duck is very delicious, you are sure that eat it.
You must think it is the jourmey has not been made in vain.
Though more things we learn, the difficulty being employed is still on the rise.
As a 90s, we have a common experience, we are face with more problems in go to school of a higher grade and getting a job is more and more difficult, the competition is very intense.
So we have more anxious, we can pay attention to oneself and despise work together, we are easy to failing in perseverance and easy to get discouraged, blind aspire and hopes become famous.
But we have more advantages, for example, we are very braving, we are facing challenge and do our work more quickly.
Reading, like other activities, brings unique pleasures to the readers.
Nowadays, more and more people like to read.
Because many people think books can tell them more about the world, and help them become wiser.
In fact, reading can help us with easy access to the wisdom of the ages and delighting stories.
By reading stories, people can learn more about the world.
Besides, they can relax themselves when they are reading.
Today, a quarrel occurred in my family.
I argued with my parents.
This morning, a interview of Jay Chow would be broadcast on TV.
I love Jay, so I watched the interview without doing honework.
My parents were angry and required me to do my homework.
But I insisted to watch the interview.
But I love pop music, my parents do not understand me.
I was so sad.
If you want to acquire success, you need make a plane first, but only do this is not enough.
Exists only in the mind of thoughts can not be reality, you should take real action actively.
But there have a question, is not as long as you work hard you can succeed.
It isnot everyone can get the results he want when he disburse intension.
In my oppinion, this proverb is let person know if you want to acquire success , you should forward first step, try to do everything well you can.
Do not let yourself regret.
As the saying goes The early bird catches the worm.
Ask for me, when I plan to study hard, I always tell myself Today it's the last time to relax, and tomorrow I will study hard.
This respect includes human life not only some rights the law gives to us.
The death penalty is not a solution to solve the criminal problems .
Nowadays, people have higher standard for food and drinks.
However, food safety has become a problem.
As far as I am concerned there are two reasons .
Firstly, Businessman want to get more profits, in order to make the food more delicious, they had to use food additives that are bad for our health.
Secondly, Because of the pollution of the environment, causing the food raw material has been polluted.
I think that the relevant departments should set more stringent standards for food, We should protect the environment.
The climate there is really wonderful.
Some peple think reading selectively is true .
Now, student love reading romantic fiction , the book serious influence study .
Others, however, we should reading extensively.
Because it could help to increase some knowledge, we also understand a lot of other areas , for exmple: science and technology, social activity .
There was a lot to prepare for the Spring Festival , and I take part in it.
Iposted couplets and hung lanterns with my father.
On New, year's Eve, my father and grandfather talked about work, my mother and my grandmother were busy wrapping dumplings.
At 6 o'clock, we start our dinner.
I told my study in the past year and my plan for the next year to them.
My grandfather was so happy that he drunk a lot.
At 8 o'clock, the dinner finished and we went to watch cctv's spring festival gala.
The programs were interesting.
  Three Character Classic thaw in four years, can let pear for this.
Before people have the etiquette, but now we don't have this.
We lost it.
In today's society, can be more and more people learned to reach the goal by hook or by crook, earned to gain can be despicable, learned to benefit struggles can be set to kill.
Now the competitiveness of the society more and more stronger, the to the faster pace of life also, people have more and more desires, people morals to gradually collapse.
May be The Chinese courtesy of courtesy not Suitable for modern society, but that is ancestors left To our wealth, we can't afford to lose it.
First of all, I can communicate with foreigners conveniently who can show their culture .
Secondly, it is very easy to read english books to solve some difficult problems.
Most physicians want to pay appropriate attention and want to do it ethically.
To solve this problem, physicians' organizations endorsed a Physician Charter that commits doctors to medical professionalism in the new millennium.
The first principle of a charter is the primacy of patient welfare.
Insurance was widespread, so many physicians wouldn't be reluctant to order an expensive intervention, unless it offered a good chance of substantial benefit.
It is generally recognized that most U.
My hobby is playing basketball, swimming and so on.
But in my free time, I often play computer games with my brother, we often play SanGuo games.
I often watch TV and fly a kite.
I usually go to the library to buy some books, I thinks it is good for my studys.
My friends usually invite me to his party.
I have a good time in the partty.
I am a college student, but I did not take part in social practice, my classmate is that.
In my apinion, if you want to change the status que.
First of all, during the holidays we need to take part in some social practice more, communicate with experienced people.
There are a variety of researching, while this time, we are focusing on academic area.
My favourite TV programme is The Legend Story  , this TV programme is broadcast on Jiangxi TV.
It began in the evening 9:00, and by the end of two hours.
The content of this TV program is same to its name, it shows viewer one story after another.
In my opinion, each story of this program is especially.
In these stories, one part is about the infill, one part is about the immoral, and one part is about the unfamiliar null of nature.
The reasons I like this program are quite a lot.
On the one hand, it can satisfy my curiosity, every story makes me surprised, on the other hand, from these story, I saw another side of human nature, for example, the human not moral.
The more importantly, these stories inspired me a lot.
It let me recognize, respect the natural law is extremely important.
Also let me appreciate the lack of love, life can not.
We could meet at your home.
The top students of university are enviable.
Fistly, top students are all clever but not the best .
The reason why they become top students is that hard working.
Although they have high IQ , they know : No pains , no gains.
So they always study steadfasty.
Secodly, top students always make full use of their time, they know the time is equal to everyone, but peple use it in different way, and the result of course are different.
Thirdly, top students have a strong ability what they can put themselvese into things deeply.
After knowing the top students' unique advantages, I determine to follow them.
Once, I was determined to go to study so hard that I tested to the first class during an exam.
However, my teacher didn't believe me and she thought that I had cheated.
I studied much harder, not only did a lot of exercises, but also as long as the subject would not understand, I consulted students everywhere until understood them.
The result of hard work was that I tested as the first in class again.
I suppose that playing basketball is the best way to exercise.
Consequently, I have poured much time on it.
When I watch the Park of Basketball, excitement abounds in my heart.
As you can see, the best basketball players in the world gathered in the NBA, show themselves on the court.
Maybe it is not only a kind of sports, but also a great lesson, which encourages us to pursue our dreams.
When we grow old, we can say: I have no pity.
Normally, being in good health is our first dream.
As time goes, many of us are not much healthier than before.
All of us have our dream, and I am only an ordinary boy with my dream.
I just intend to be a healthy boy.
Sports go ahead, then health follows.
Everyone should be in good health, and then they can do anything that they intend to do.
If you don't have a healthy body, you can do nothing.
From the picture, we can see choose the biggest holiday at home people proportion , is thirty eight percent.
While twenty seven percent of people choose to travel abroad.
The other twenty four percent of people choose the movies and friends sing to spend the holiday.
I think the holiday has many benefits.
It is exciting to visit different places.
As you travel , you will see beautiful scenerise typical of the region.
Besides, you can meet and make friends with people of different colors and races.
Finally, you can get to know to customs and living habits of the local people.
The main reason why people travel is, perhaps, for pleasure.
For example, having worked hard throughout the weekdays, people will find a widened trip to the nearby mountains or beaches a real relaxation .
On the other hand a vacation zt home also has a lot of benefits.
Such as cultivation of body ang mind with family.
Each peoples mind , so choose a holiday the way is different also.
Every children are eager for happy childhood when they are young.
They have good self-control.
Thank you for writring me.
Every workday, we should get up at 6:00a.m and quickly eat breakfast and go to school at 6:45a.m.
At school, we should hand in our homework before the first lesson.
We have Chinese, Maths, English, Physics, Chemistry, History, Geography, Political, PE, Music class and art.
When the classes are over, we have to go home quickly and write our homework until 11:30p.m.
As we know, in China, children go to school when they are three years old.
From which we can see China attaches great importance to citizens' education.
For an individual, first of all, we can learn basic life common sense of all aspects such as physics, chemistry, math and so on by receiving education.
Secondly education teaches us how to get along with others and how to integrate into society.
From what has been discussed above, we can draw a conclusion.
Education has been significant progress in the daily life of human beings.
Only through education can we improve our comprehension of things and find the way forward.
At the same time, it also improves the quality of people's lives.
As is vividly depicted in the drawing, in front of the table, people are playing their mobile phone without any conversation, ignoring the dishes.
It holds to apparent that the picture is indicative of pervasive problem with regard to people mobile phone.
People are able to integrate some classmates and invite their friends by cell phone messages.
As we all know, mobile phones can bring people great convenience and shorten the distence among friends.
However, as a growing number of individuals are addicted to mobile phones, more and more people prefer to connect others by phone rather than communicating.
Wha's worse, people become indifferent to their friends, neighbours, as well as relatives.
In my opinion, communication is nessary to our life.
Mobile phones are just tools to get along better with each other.
I have a large family, include my father, mother, and my bother.
My dad is a sourness men and he gives me a lot of good ideas when I make a decision and when I am confused.
I am extremely honnor to my dad and I am very thanks for him.
My mom is a beautiful and kindly lady, she loves me extremely.
Mrs Sun is my English teacher.
She is thirty years old.
Mrs Sun is kind and friendly.
but sometimes she will be strict.
Mrs Sun is a good teacher.
when we got bad marks, she will tell us not to give up hoping, and help us to get good marks.
sometimes she will be angry with us, but we know, she loves us.
When I was unhappy she will make me happy.
With the development of society, graduates more and more.
pressure of society.
I would like to make friends with you, I also want to spend the 3 years of college life with you.
Christmas is coming.
People also be full of happily .
They always have a great time with their family or friends.
Nowadays, more and more people go to the cities consequently the cities become overcrowding.
Therefore there are many problems in the cities.
First of all, the traffic become inconvenient.
People go to work by bus or subway always in the crowed situation and sometimes they should wait a long time because the vehicles are too crowed to admit a person more.
Secondly, the natural resources such water and electricity are consumed a lot thus cause the resources tight.
Based on the problems, I consider that we should take some measures to solve them.
On the one hand, our country could continue to take the family planning policy to control the number of population, which may solve the problems fundamentally.
On the other hand, the nation should carry out some policy to promote country development so that the countrymen can earn their living in their hometown.
As is known to us , many college students are wanting in social practices.
But who can tell us why many college students don't take an interest in taking part in social practice.
But the fact is that some college students keen to take part in social practices .
Though things always have two sides , taking part in social practices do more good than harm.
It is true that taking part in social practices occupies our free time to study or play.
But college students benefit a lot from taking part in social practices .
Taking part in social practices can improve interpersonal skills, through chatting with others.
Taking part in can make us more good to adapt to the society .
Thirdly taking part in social practices can practice our practical ability .
Last but not least nothing is more important than taking part in social practices to college students.
We all know that as the improvement of China people's living standards, the computer be used by more and more people, especially in youth.
However, when they use a computer, some bad habit would result that short-sighted of eyes.
As for me, when we play the computer, we need a bright condition.
Otherwise, we should have a rest when we use computer for a long time.
I cannot remember the not-so-little things during this holiday, but it has influenced my life.
As I think of the summer holiday, mixed emotions come flooding back.
After I handed in the final exam paper, I with some friends got on the train to DaZhou, in which we would take up our part-time job-as a teacher.
It was obviously difficult for us to start our work.
First, we had to rent a house, or we would live on the streets.
Then, we started to advertise our training institution.
Although it was terrible that the burning sun made us tired, we stuck to receiving every student and his or her parents happily.
At the same time, we had to explain all kinds of questions from them.
As an English major, it was reasonable for me to teach English.
I taught middle school students who were very active and friendly, they studied hard and were interested in chatting with me.
Sometimes, they invited me to fish and climb mountain.
Besides, I taught a boy separately afternoons, he called me sister and usually bought some delicious food for me.
A month was short, but memories were everlasting.
During the summer holiday, I learnt how to teach students properly, how to overcome some unexpected trouble and how to be a friend as well as a teacher .
Very few schoolmate our school and our school is poor in resources.
We have difficulty with learning, but there is no one but longs to go to college.
It was then that I noticed the expression reading The early bird catches the worm.
In 2 years after Miss Emily's father's death, Colonel Sartories, the town's previous mayor, has suspended Emily's tax responsibilities to the town, justifying the action by claiming that Mr.
let me tell about it.
At 8:30, he gets up and washes.
At 8:45, he eats healthy breakfast.
At 9:00, he does homework carefully.
At 10:30, he does sports at park.
At 13:00, he has computer lessons or English lessons.
At 18:30, he eats a little food for supper.
At 20:30, he puts things away.
At 21:30, he goes to bed.
After father left, mother said to me mysteriously, He will come back soon.
What I mean is, with distance learning from the Internet, students are no longer forced to study at certain time.
Last but not least, distance learning not only benefits ordinary people, but is convinient for students with disabilities to study from the Internet.
For the disabled students who have difficulties in going to schools, that colleges offer qualifications through distance learning from the Internet  is definitely a good news.
One aspect is the distance learning from the Internet will improve fast and provide everyone with equal opportunity.
The progress of science and technology is bringing us much convenience.
So, e-books are popular among the young people.
Many young people think that e-books can function as a symbol of fashion.
There is no doubt that e-books can become the good method of learning more knowledge about the world.
If you possess an e-book, you will not need wasting lots of time to find the book in the library which you want to read.
Comparing with the traditional books, e-books have more strong points.
For instance, e-books don't take up much space, at the same time, e-books are very light.
You can go to everywhere with your e-book.
  There are some disadvantages of using e-books.
It is possible for us to be addicted to it.
We may become lazy because we needn't finding books in the library.
If we are always stared at the screen, we will have a lasting influence on our eyesights.
Different kinds of e-books have different quality.
Some e-books are of poor quality which will have radiation.
In my opinion, e-books make our daily lives more abundant.
We can keep pace with the times.
It is important for us to know that we should the ture action to use the e-books.
We should try our best to give free rein to e-books'advantages.
In a word, making best use of the advantages and avoid the disadvantages.
I want to study English for three reasons .
First, in the international community, English is world language which is world's broadest use of language.
Second, if we learn English, not only can we grasp a living skill , but also we can communicate with foreigners to broaden our horizon.
In wy heart, wherever you come from, whatever you are beautiful or urgly, you can or to be a hero.
First, maybe they are just ordinary persons, like the leading character in our article.
Few years ago, a college student passed away, due to save a child who fall into the water.
The man need not have done it, he could just stand there or call the policemen.
But he not, his responsiblity said no  in his mind.
So under the  Somebody had to go in the water  , he made a choice that change his live with the little boy.
Only minutes before, he was walking down the street, but then he became a hero.
second, in most of children's heart, there parents are heroes.
I still remember a very moved thing which I haved watched on television.
A family encountered a flood.
They couldn't exist together in that situation, so they lifted their child highly to save him.
otherwise, these qualifies can't form in a short time, I can't believe a selfish person can use his live to save others.
Nowadays pollution has become an increasing concern in China.
When talked about pollution, it always occurs to us that the industrial activities take the most part of the reasons.
Actually there are diverse approaches which have made the increasing pollution.
Obviously worries and complains are of no use changing this situation.
We need take some feasible measures for the sake of our sustainable development.
Firstly, the government should strengthen supervision and management of the environmental protections during the economic development.
In another respect, as factories and farms, forming a strong sense of social responsibility and strictly comply with pollutant emission standards is important.
Last but not least, living healthily is our common dream.
It depends on both government and every ordinary citizen to make this dream come true.
I have been believe that the love between parent and child can never change .
My mother never spend money to dress up myself, one clothes of my mother can wear for many years, but every year she bough some new clothes for me.
This is my mother with my friend's mother of obvious of dissimilarity.
When I failed, my father would scold me for being incompetent and angry for my failure to bring him trouble.
From my mother there, I learn thrifty and strong.
The most important thing is that I learned what love is.
Some of them think that students can get online frequently.
The reasons are as follow: First, they think Internet can help them with their homework.
They can surf the Internet to get information and widen their kownledge.
Second, they can chat with their friends via the Internet though they live far away from their friends, it is convenient.
And they also share happy things with their friends.
Besides , they can enjoy themselves online.
The others hold different opinion.
They don't think it's good for students to get online frequently.
They think it's bad for students'eyes, and make more and more students have to myopia.
And lots of people indulge in chatting online and playing computter games, and make their marks be lower and lower.
But, in my view, every coin has two sides.
The internet has lots of advantage.
But you con't use it well, it may be bad for your study.
So I think it important to control youerselves and arrange your study well.
College is colourful and it can improve myself.
I come here .
I want I must exercise myself and more change.
We shouldn't spend much time making friends and playing games .
But I always spend too much time making friends and playing games.
The most exciting moment of the year is the Spring Festival.
On that day, I got up earlier than usual, and then I put on my new clothes to welcome New Year.
In the afternoon, many relatives came to my home and brought lots of gifts for us.
  to each other.
On New Year's Eve, we all enjoyed the nice diner that cooked by my mom and aunt.
We not only watched the Spring Festival Gala, but also got together to chat each other.
The night sky was filled with fireworks, which is just like a colourful flower.
We went downstairs and set off fireworks.
The old year past, the new year comes.
It was when I chose my university prefessionals that I had a quarrel with my parents.
In my opinion my interests was the leading factor, and what I majored in should be based on my likes.
However, my pareNts thought I should chose the subjects which could bring me a promising future.
When I refused to do so, they said me inexperienced and childish, but I thought they are outdate and stubborn.
we niether gave in, and couldn't make an agreement.
A quarrel hanpened in this way.
There are many people interested in western culture.
An excellent speech maker should not only express what he wants to say.
The following are a few suggestions.
Firstly, speech is not like writing, you should use simple words and less complex sentences.
At the beginning of the speech, you should know about the audiences' expectation and essential information of the speech.
Secondly, after much cogitation, you must arrange your mentality and control the time.
You must have confidence and breath deeply.
Then, you could make the best of visual skills.
You can look at your audiences and don't stare at computer screen or notes all the time.
As is known to us all, there is a trend that more and more tend to live a low-carbon life nowadays.
In gerneral, Low-carbon lifestyle is composed of three aspects.
First of all, in agriculture , much more organic festiles are taking the place of chemical festiles, which does make a great difference in protect-ing farmlands and rivers from being destroyed.
Then, many factories will cope with wasted water in case that it floods into rivers.
Last but not least, in our daily life, we would rather reuse water than pour it out imediately.
On the one hand, if one sits in front of computer for a long time , he will feel tired in his eyes and body.
On the other hand, SOHO lifestyle can help people solve the problem about oil shortage and global warming.
It also can help people save the cost of comuting.
Regardless of any lifestyle, suitable oneself is the best.
In the west there are many festivals , for example, Christmas day, Carnival, Halloween and so on.
The earliest mother's day is to honor the Greek festival of rhea, the mother of the gods .
In this day, go out in the outside of young people will return to their home, to bring small gifts for their mothers.
In the many places in the world are celebrating mother's day, because this day is the best day of the gratitude to our mom .
Nowday, more and more people likes pets.
Most of people apprive keeping pets, because it seemd very lovely , beautiful, if your mood is bad, you can speak with this little pets .
you can take it to where ever you want to go .
Also, some people doesn't approve keeping pets , they will say:  i don't have enough time to take care it, I need work , study , play.
and it very trouble sometimes, To take a shower, food for it , if them ill , we need take them to see a doctor.
We all know that the Olympic is the whole word' games .
Every nation and every sportier all think that they can win the goal.
They do their best to flight and they can do well.
During the Olympic , every nation must have peace with each other .
While the Internet has greatly impacted how to learn, education doesn't simply means learning to acquire iformation because of the following two factors.
Thus while putting emphasis on education, we should cultivate the youngsters' awareness obtaining the knowledge in many aspects rather than just by the Internet.
There will be a foreign language training for all the department manager at 9.00 a.m next Monday.
Department manager should attend to develop foreign language ability.
At that time I thought it would be a fancy time , when I even could recognise some foreigners , who would talk with us in smoothly English , because I have never talked with foreigners .
I stayed silently until the class is over .
Though I knew my teacher wanted to help me , I felt hurt actually.
The class of the third week is peace and harmony .
I just wanted you to know that I didn't like the way you behave.
You know, I'd like to see an out-going you.
Exaggerated as the picture is, the phenomenon behind it is rather thought-procking .
with the development of high-tech equipment , especially smart phones, people in growing numbers tend to become addicted to the excessive use of them.
Judging from the evidence above, certain measures should be taken.
Firstly , certain institutions in China should launch relevant campaigns to limit the excessive ust of cellphones.
An increasing number of college students are long for studying to the foreign.
We know, increasingly students and parents pay attention to the overseas education.
There is no doubt that studying abroad we can widen our horizon and it's easier for us to find a better job in our country .
In addition, if we have studied in the other countries, our English and knowledge skills can be improved vastly.
However, overseas study may cause something problem arise.
Firstly, studying abroad is a huge cost, which will become parents' economic burden.
Besides, chinese students has difficulty in adjusting themselves for the culture of the foreign if they learn a little about it.
Surely, study abroad is a good way to imrove ourselves.
First of all, I think teaching is an interactive process, it require to fit in each other.
Maybe some teachers think he is a good teacher, but his students find he has many dis vantage in his classroom, just like speed to fast, the methods of teaching is boring.
Seccondly, if the students can tell the teacher this way of your teaching we can't stand it, please change the way of your teaching, it will better than just stand and keep silence for the resect of the teacher.
We spend money to school is to learn.
At last, in other hand, I can't understand why some people said make comments or even criticism on teaches will let the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
If winter comes, the leaves on the trees dorp light, the north wind whistling.
Snow give the children a lot of coyness.
  so that I can learn more information that is useful for me.
Secondly, I dream that my study will be better and I'll get better grades so that I will be able to have a better life.
The weather becomes more and more cold bofore winter.
My classmates who can not bear the cold weather have worn their weight coats.
I am not afraid of the cold weather and do not wear the heavy clothes, so all my classmates say I am stronger than them.
personally speaking, I thingk the cold weather is better than the hot weather.
During the summer vocations I always stay at home, because I can not stand the high temperature.
However, during the winter holidays I would not stay at home.
I will go out with my partners to play soccer ball or other sports.
So I feel comfortable in this weather.
Sometimes the weather would be very fine, I will go camping to come close to nature.
Sometimes, the story is thought-provoking.
Reading can improve self-cultivation edify sentiment, feeling the world beautiful, confidence in life.
In short, literature plays an important role in our life.
Reading can build information to improve our ability.
We should enjoy the pleasure of reading.
Why lot of students choose to do part-jobs, in my eyes and experience, i think, we are now in the aweward age.20 years olds , we have ability to earn money but our parents think that we are students, so we must study hard in university, in our heart, we think that we should to find part-jobs in which way parents can pay less.
Along with the rapid growth of science.
Computer has become increasingly in our daily life.
Nowadays.
Computers have been utilized in every field.
The thing lead to computer replace people.
Then it must let an increasingly number of people lose their jobs.
And many people used to computer's high-tech make many crimes.
They make better use of the computer to do some harm to society.
At that.
Computer can put out radiation harm the body.
If people long time to study and work in front of a computer.
Taking into accounts all of these factors.
We have reached the realization that computer only is a tool.
Switzerland is where I most want to go.
It is situated in the cental of Europe, covering an area of 41,000 square kilometers and having a population of about 7,500,000 people.
There is so much smart because an increasing number of people attach importance to pratect the environment against pollution, so that Switzerland is called the garden of the world.
Switzerland is totally fascinating.
One a cold winter.
A farmer walking on the way to home , he found a snake, the snake lying on the road does not move.
At first he thought the snake was dead, then he found the snake was forze.
He put the snake in her bosom with his body temperture to wake him.
When he put the snake woke with his body, The snake finally can move his body.
When it had become strong enough, the snake was cruel nature, this snake killed the farmer.
This story is told, a man must distinguish between good and evil.
Only the hand is stretched out to the good people.
I think that I can remember my first travel was in 2010 .
I'm went to world expo in shanghai with my mother.
I remember my first trip to mount tai in when I was six years old.
I with my mother and my father went to there.
We went to there by train.
It was very fun although it was very slow.
I very like taking the train.
When we get there, we entered the hotel.
The next day we went to climb mount tai and we saw the trees and clouds and stream.
We ate the mount tai pancake.
I very like this trip because the trip not only is my first trip but also it is very fun.
Literature is acknowledged as the most precious product of human civilization and wisdom.
There are mainly two kinds of opinions.
On the one hand, a good literature can get us to know more abundant life experience through the eyes of someone other than yourself, no matter how it is a great wealth for us, on the other hand, reading literature can help us to improve ourselves quality, which is great help to show our own personality glamour.
My name is D.
I come from T city, P province.
My hometown is near the sea, it is very beautiful and the sea is very wide.
In my spare time, I like shopping, reading and go climbing with my friend, I'm an outgoing girl.
Now I am major in Business English.
And they also believe that the money can help their parents become happier so they just leave their parents at home lonely.
Money doesn't mean everything in our life and it can not bring happiness to everyone.
Nowadays, reading becomes an important tool or the method to gain knowledge.
Personally, i think reading selectively is an attitude and reading extensively is a skill.
In his opinion, reading selectively is also important .
I have learnt an extremely inspiring aphorism created by Mr.
Francis Bacon -Histories make men wise; poets witty, the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
Now I believe reading is not for us to find a good job but improve ourselves , enrich our mind and widen our sight.
So as Mr Bacon said, I think it's necessary for us university students to read the books that can develop our accomplishment of personal ability such as philosophy, art, literature and so on.
Therefore, I read some brilliant books recently.
I'd like to recommend the The history of Western Philosophy written by Russell to you.
It told about the history of the evolution of western philosophy and personal ideas of Russell.
Even though not having finished the reading yet, I have been appealed to it deeply and started to look at the world in another way.
Finally, I hope we can share our ideas about the books we read in the university frequently.
Nowadays university merger has become a major concern around China.
Some universities become famous after the merger, such as The Jiangsu Institude Of Education.
Attitudes towards this issue vary greatly.
Those people who think university merger is reasonable believe that it can expand the scale of a university, extend the University faculties.
Also, university merger may change the situation that some universities are lack of students and increase the popularity of the universities.
The merger is conducive to the development of the university.
While others believe that not only does university merger make universities lose its original features, but also limit the self-development of the universities.
Even worse, the merger can be means of annexation that do harm to other universities.
As far as I am concerned, university merger conforms to the trend of the times.
The reasons are as follows.
Firstly, university merger can provide more professional options for students.
Secondly, it can bring a lot of benifits to university.
Last but not least, the merger can provide the university with a beautiful future.
First I will take part in the college's activities positive.
My friend is a girl who is at the age of fourteen.
She is thin and quite tall with short black hair.
She always smiles.
Everyone can make friends with her easily.
In recent years the Internet has changed the way do our shopping.
More and more people like online shopping , not only young people but also some old.
It's seem that everyone likes shopping on line.
First of all, with the development of science and technology, the Internet make our life more colorful and convenient.
Especially shopping on line, we can shop at anytime and anywhere just with a mobile phone or a computer.
Secondly, there are many kinds of goods on online store, such as clothes, foods, electrical product etc.
Although online shopping has many advantages and convenience, we should be a master of shopping on line.
The Internet is a virtual world, its systems are not safe, so being vigilant in anytime.
All in all, this life style is absolutely imperfect.
In order to lead a healthy life, we are supposed to do more exercises and expose ourselves.
Now I am taking the college entrance examination which will have an significant influence to my life.
Having a clear target to enter the ideal university, I have been working very hard in the short term.
Fortunately, providence does not let down a man who does his best.
I made remarkable progress.
What's more, I feel confident that I will pass the exam smoothly on account of peaking my performance.
Finishing a heavy burden of study, I would like to have a rest above the focus on the family.
And I will do more housework and try to learn to cook.
In the end, thank you a lot again.
I will try my best to live up to your expectations.
My father said to me that speed is rather slowly.
He said that I have no time to rest because the exam is coming.
There is a saying going, the early bide catches the worm.
We are collage students now, however, some people think that our academic performance also important.
In my opinion, I think they are both important.
Because we are students.
Study is our task.
study hard.
Besides collage is a stage that we can show ourselves on it.
So good communication skills are very important.
With good communication skills, we can easy show us and let others remember you.
It also can make you different than others.
When you want to join in a new club, you can easily make friends.
Ladies, gent man and our preceptor.
It's the honor for me to stand here introducing myself to everybody.
In that my English is so bad and I can't past the CET4, it is a pity to me.
So, I intend to try again and do my best to past it, and it is one of my aim in this term.
OK, above all, I introduce myself to scholars and preceptor.
My name is F,21, I'm born in B province where gather minority nation said Hui.
I love my hometown very much .
I Think there is remarkably beautiful and comfortable.
I'm a lively girl and often cut down my hair very short.
Of course, it takes much trouble to me, on my study way there are many interesting things happen.
One thing is steep in my heart can't blot out, when I study in grade two in the senior middle school .
Once I'm going to cut my hair down in a barbershop, as soon as I come in , I tell him  please doing your best to cut my hair enough short  , I'm sure he heard and set on the chair quite.
For a long time, he almost finish but say you are a girl or boy  , I can't understand at all, because from my voice can distinguish easely, I think he make a big joke to me and it let me very embarrassed.
From then on I try to leave my hair long but failed because of my curly hair.
I have a big weakness is careless.
My name is F, yi means carefully and xin means upward, from my name I understand that my parents want I can be a carefully girl.
On the contrary, I'm a careless girl, it make me embarressed because I often make mistakes on the details.
Such as count, from I study then on I don't know how many times be bogged down by count, about a month ago, I also have a mistake on a simple count as usual.
then, one of my classmate make a joke that I should go back continuing study count from zero.
I'm innocent.
It has past many years but I can't shake off , to myself it is really hard and may be I just such a girl.
Speaking here, I have a sentence that is  staying half awake staying half drunk  .
I often speak it to my friends or classmates.
I like it very much because I study it from one of my ma thematic teather who is a great teather.
When I come to college I find there are many things have a large change.
At first I can't accept, but when I remember the sentence I can be will and hitherto I also put it in my heart, also it don't have the mean of encourage even more have a little pathetic , but make a great effection on me, pull me out of puzzle time by time.
Ok, next, I'll share my happiness with your, one of my best friend and another is my gift.
above all, I talk something about friend, she is not only my friend but also my classmate.
We have study 16 years from then, and we gather in one class for 13 years.
For many times we should be separate but not, because in this years we have changed three schools and every time left a school and a class we'll gather in another same school and class, we also be classmate.
I think it is very magical, seems we are bonded together with something.
So, maybe we get together for a long time we can guess something in the each heart without any prompt.
Nevertheless it is a pity we are separated this time.
Then, I tell something about my gift or said toy.
Speaking to my toys I'm very joyful.
I have two Mucdulls, one of them is from my buddy and another is from my best friend who not the one refer to just.
This two mucdulls look like but come from two persons unfamiliar each other.
Although they are just toys but I stay with them very happy.
To myself, they have important mean and I'm not think they are just toys.
I become a college student three weeks ago, but not everything like what I expect.
As far as I am concerned, Body language plays a vital role in our daily life and it has a great many advantages.
Not only does it tell others what you are thinking, but it also can be helpful for you to make a deep impression on others.
In a word, Body language ia practical.
At my age of twelve, it occurred to me that my family made a decision to move to another city.
It meant I had to leave my favorite friends and beautiful hometown to live in a strong environment.
I cried loudly, but it did not make any difference.
What upseted me most was that I was not able to communicate with the local people, I could not make sense to what they were saying when talking with them.
One day, my parents were committed to business, they told me to buy some food for lunch.
I was frightened, I told them I could not manage it.
My father walked closed to me, just laying his hands on my shoulder and smiling at me.
Suddenly, I said Yes to him and rushed out.
From my experience, it is persuasive that Body language speaks louder than word, sometimes Body language is more effective than any other way.
Hello classmates.
My name is T.
I'm from W.
I'm very happy meet yours here and want to be friends with yours.
In the class we will grow up together to leaen more konwledge and to make progresses in the next day.
I think we can be a veey good get along with.
I sometime think my life is so boring but i often play computer games or take exeecise but i'm feel boring in more time.
A lot of time but can't find things to do.
In my view, learning a foreign language needs perseverance an interesting.
As we know, when we learn a foreign language, we may come across many troubles which may be unconquerable to many of us.
Therefore, faced with difficulty, many of us get cold feet.
Besides, I also think belief is of great importance.
Last but not least, never be afraid of failure.
As the old saying goes, failure is the mother of success.
Some people in life often focus only on appearance while ignoring the connotation.
They believe that the appearance of a beautiful heart can hide the ugly.
A person's value, not by appearance can be invaluable.
I went to see my grandparents this morning.
My grandparents are very happy.
Because of I seldom look after my grandparents.
My grandfather asked me about my study and life.
I said my life is happy and study is great.
We talked about other somethings.
I believe I can do .
We have a reason to reject it.
The first the 1 office supply is not for free so that we don't deliver it.
You can check the receipt which is not order.
Second, though we delivered it on time.
it is also delayed for 2 weeks due to the bad weather.
Some people might say, 'stress is a kind of impetus.
Besides, our government ought to take actions to make some constructive traffic rules well.
telephone is 420-347-889, I and Mary is close frend , she like play soccer .
Bye.
I am very happy to introduce the Great Wall to you.
The Great Wall in Beijing and it is a miracle.
The Great Wall has a long history of thousands of years of history.
The Great Wall has condensed the sweat and wisdom of the working person of all ethnic groups in the past dynasties.
The Great Wall, the total length of more than 100000 kilometers.
It is a miracle because it built by man.
I think the Great Wall is very grand and magnificent.
And David will be late for the event because he has to collect revelant information about the new project.
People are born alone and died alone.
So we need friends to stay beside us sharing happiness and sorrow and to support us when we are down or helpless.
He is an excellent student.
He has a smart brain and learns things fast.
Instead he has his own independent though and always like to think various kinds of things about books or the life.
He is the only one who dares to question the books while the others may only bury heads into papers without any consideration.
Besides his high intelligence, he also has a good emotion quotient.
Yet as the old saying goes, every coin has its two sides, .
We have known each other for more than six years.
We are the very similar kind of people.
We have the similar character.
What's more, we hold and share incredibly the same opinions on many things and have very much the same interests.
We worked together through the university entrance exam which built our friendship.
Time flies.
Some will leave and some will come.
Among all my acquaintance I value him the most.
Everyone has a family.
I am a happy girl .
As we know, mother is the greatest of the people.
My mother loves me very much.
She makes delicious food for me and helps me study .
So I should do something for her.
I thought about it for a long time.
Finally , I decided to give my mother a surprise.
When our school was over, I ran back home.
When I made them well, my mother was coming.
She was very surprised and pleased.
I saw tears were full of her eyes.
My father also is greatest man .
His hobbies are playing basketball.
swim and dance-He like sports very muchHe has two brothers and he has three sistersHe likes my mother cooking hotpotThis is my fatherI love him very much .
Thank you for reading this application.
I am a senior school student and do well in English and French.
Apart from that, I am hard-working and have experience communicate with other foreigns.
Additionally, I have a mild temper and a patience heart seldom would I quarrel with others.
I take part in two activities.
One activity I have is sports.
After I went to high school.
I decided to do exercise everyday in order to keep healthy.
The exercice I do inclouds running, swimming, jogging and so on.
I can also have a good time when I am doing exercise.
The other activity is watching movies.
Specially, all the movies I watch speak English.
I try my better to comprehense what characters say all the time.
For choosing right activitise, I have some pieces of advice to give.
First of all, choose what you like so you will know the fun of activities.
Othersides, you should find a balance between hobby and study.
We should avoid activities affect oue study.
Firstly, you can join the Chinese club.
you could practice Chinese at there .
Secendly, you could read Chinese book or watch Chinese TV, learning about Chinese word.
Then, you can sing Chinese songs.
Lu Xun very cherishes time, he said that time is like the water in the sponge, as long as it is willing to squeeze, always some.
Recently, six students who shared a dorm at a local university hired a cleaners to do laundry and cleaning once a week , which led to a heated debate .
Despite a lot of study tasks and homeworks, our college students still have a duty of doing laundry and cleaning , which can definitely enrich our daily life and make us fullfilling.
According to the newspaper , each of them paid cleaners 60 yuan a month , which indicates that they are not fully aware of their parents' sacrifice and love .
There is no denying that college life is not all about study, but learn to be independent.
If all of us choose to hire cleaners , I afraid that we will never have the capability of taking care of ourselves .
In conclusion , I do believe that hiring cleaners should not be encouraged .
Please.
According to the reports, here are the effects.
Primary, the dangerous animals may cause the panic of people.
The animals run through the streets and the people are all afraid of being hurt, especially the bad dogs.
In addition, when they have a chance to walk along the streets, they may lose control and make people injured or even dead.
SO please stop raising dangerous animals as pets.
l am so tired.
Some false expert publish some false speech, due to the false speech, some people in trouble.
In some sides, the academic honesty support the development of society.
A lot of new things come into being is osculate to the academic.
In my opinion, academic honsety is very important.
It is not only represent your academic idea, but also express your academic attitude.
Only have regular attitude and clinging chase, you can create some things represent your own opinion.
False academic can not stand forever, one day, it will be ruined.
I'm gald to know that you're going to our school.
No 4 middle school is a good place for us to study and grow up.
Many student reading every morning, and a little bit people play basketball in playground.
In my eyes, No 4 middle school is a good school, because it is very beautiful.
In playground have many trees and flowers.
I think No 4 middle school is a very beautiful.
Every person has his own ideal job.
As far as I am concerned I have been dreaming of being a guide for a long time .
Obviously , good guide are knowledgeable .
For one thing, I must learn my book well and travel at my spare time, just as the saying goes: Seeing is believing.
It was Sep27and it's a traditional Chinese festival-The Mid-Autumn festival.
And during these days all Chinese are free and will have a big meal together.
My mom cooked a very delicious dinner.
And then dad came home early.
After dinner, we watched TV, ate moon food and watched the moon.
The moon is very round today.
We had a good time.
Mid Autumn festival is very good festival.
It's day of happiness.
Wang Linging's best friend is Liu Lili.
Wang Lingling's hair is longer than Liu Lili.
Wang Lingling has bigger eyes than Liu Lili.
Wang Lingling likes reading, she is more serious than most kids.
That's why she likes reading books and she studies harder in class, About Liu Lili, she likes sports, she is good at playing tennis.
And she runs faster than Wang Lingling because Wang Lingling never plays sports.
And Liu Lili is smart, so her grades is as good as Wang Lingling.
However, they are both popular.
Because they are both friendly.
They are outgoing, too.
Love is the feeling of kindness, consideration , respect etc.
I'm very glad to receive your letter.
My first memories of school were fish pond s.
When I first entered the school saw a big Fountain, as I got closer to it.
There was a lot of fish and a lotus, AndI thought this is a good school is very beautiful.
My first impression of military training for school and instructor was very young.
We have been training very hard for a few days.
And I think the teacher in charge of my class is a very good teacher.
So well-known is the proverb which says  The early bird catches the worm.
that all of us are told frequently from childhood.
I didn't have a good command of English before , and hardly could I imagine my immediately reciting the passage after listening several times.
Scolded by the teacher , to prove my strength, I determined to make efforts .
From then on, never did I give up listening to the tape .
I took every chance to train my pronunciation.
No pains, no gains.
I worked harder, and all what I did paid off.
  The early bird is a person who gets well prepared.
Diligence is of great difficulty to live up to .
Once you employ your perseverance to the best advantage , the chances are that you can succeed.
Please bear in mind that it is your diligence rather than intelligence that matters most.
As to administrition division, we have 20 more new staff and no one leaves.
Moreover, production division occupies the largest percentage of our new employees-50 people and it is also one that accounts for the largest staff turnover which is up to the number of 57.
There excite an environmental phenomenon, which phenomenon, Which has aroused great concern among people around us.
Acconding to a survey.
For the past few years, gutter oil has been widely accepted by people, For one thing, people can buy gutter oil with money, but can not buy health, For another.
As far as I am concerned, we all should consider how to control gutter oil.
So that they won't control us, only in this way can we make full use of them.
Some of us like to hold their phones wherever and whenever called Phudding  , who seldom talk to anyone instead of typing on phones .
Thus, it reduces communication between each other and leads to the alienation between each other .
Thanks very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
Madam C.
There was a story about her.
A few days were past.
Someone likes read the book of original , someone likes see the movie instead of the book in the original.
As we know , read a book need more time than see a movie, so i think that see a movie better than read the original book.
Firstly, its waste time that we read a book in one day , especially in the holiday.
I have my way of learning English.
My favorite way to learn English is practice using English each day.
Basides we should hear the teacher and take notes carefully in class.
These methods to cultivate my interest.
These methods are extremely helpful for learning English.
and enhance students' cooperation ability.
In my opinion, it has many disadvantages and affects people shopping.
So the government should use the laws to regulate online shopping.
In recent years, an increasing number of museums become free to the public.
As we all known that the university campus is not only a place to study but also a platform to build the personal independence.
However, there is a strange phenomenon that college students tend to hire cleaners to do laundry for them.
In China, a large number of teenagers under 18 are taken good care of by their dear parents at home.
It seems that what they should do is just studying before entering university.
But we must admit that this easy life style brings about the lacknessless of independence.
Us college students should learn how to arrange our personal life orderly and clearly.
If we cannot deal with these simple matters, let alone the future challenge we will face.
We are pleased to inform you that shipment of the goods under Sales Confirmation No.
I am determined to be a top student .
In my school, there are four floors.
There are seven offices.
There is an Art room.
During our busy schooldays, taking about the fashion of the time is a good way to relax.
The most to be mentioned is a reality talent TV show, which was first shown on Zhejiang Satellite TV.
This show was different from past shows, which impressed me most was one of its special sell points-blind auditions, where judges do not appreciate the performance of the singers face to face.
The judges showed their interest in this vioce by turning their chairs.
In my opinion, this show develops a new way of talent shows which makes the show anthentic, that's the reason why I appreciate it.
Becoming a government employees is more and more popular in recent years.
Such a problems can't be fixed immediately, but we can find the reason easily.
First, this job can earn pretty much of money, although there some other works can make more than it, as a government employees, you can have the rights and interests more easily like you can eat an apple on the table at home.
And the well-being can defeat any other company because the boss is our country and a country can't lose the credit.
Second, many parents want their child got this job because they think it is good for their children's future.
So, all of their child study very hard everyday for the civil service exam.
The last and most important reason is becoming a government employees not only means a job, it also means some powers and identity.
So, all of this benefit let people in China want to get this job.
It is different between China and American.
The first thing we should learn new words.
speak the words remember them.
we can learn some spelling rules.
such as the rules of letter pronunciation.
Since it was the first time for me to do dubbing for a movie, especially for the famous British movie Pride and Prejudice, as a result, this task greatly challenged me because I was not quite familiar with the elegant and noble British accent.
I should admit that this film was so attractive, romantic as well as dramatic.
Furthermore, I was so absorbed that my feelings also went up and down with the characters.
For example, I felt happy when Lizzie smiled while I felt sorrowful when Jane cried.
When I talked of her, so many words popped into my mind.
I could say that he was independent, foresighted, brave, self-esteemed and liberal.
She was so shinny that I could barely take my eyes off her.
The outcome of my hard work was worthy of every effort I made.
As for me, I think the work surroundings is very essential.
I think it is important to be a good partner for the following these reasons.
First, we are situated in such a developing modern society.
So we need learn how to form a partnership with others everytime.
Second, in our daily life, working with a good partnerwe can save much time and energy.
At the same time, we can help eavh other, and make progression together.
Then let's talk abaot that how to be a good partner.
Working with people who are fond of.
We would be joyful and cheerful.
During the work, we should partake in each other's joys and sorrows.
Form a partnership with people who we don't like.
We should be tolerant.
Most of us, as students, are careful with our money in daily life: we collect all kinds of coupons; we look for group-buy deals if we eat out or travel; we don't buy clothes unless in a sale.
Collecting all kinds of coupons, it seems that there being less money to spend, whereas, haven't you perceived that the frequencies of your shopping sprees are soaring.
In other words, you spend far more money on these seemingly cheaper brands actually.
Thus, I would like to say that if we merely running after all these special offers, to some degree, can't make us smart consumers.
To be smart consumers, we are required to attach much importance to quality.
Never let sellers deceive your eyes and cloud your consciousness.
It's better for us to keep a familiarity with our necessities as revealed in earlier contact with various trademarks.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China .
At first, I will help my mother to put New Year scrolls on the wall for good fortune .
Then, we will clean the house and do some shopping.
Next morning , I will put on my new cloths and go out to have fun.
Our children like the festival very much , because we can have delicious food and wear new clothes .
From the picture, we can know that an old woman sat in front of the mirror alone.
And she said because children wasn't at home, she felt lonely.
Nowadays, in my opinion, the reasons why the aged people feel lonely is that they lack their children's company and concern.
With the development of society, the young people have to work day by day because of the stress of life.
They are always under great pressure that they don't have time to company with their parents.
Many aged people only can gather with their children on some important holiday.
As far as I am concerned, I know that my grandparents are lonely at home so I always call them and talk to them.
In current society, we are always busy to work , study and make money that we always overlook our family and friends.
I think however we are busy we can't overlook our family and friends.
Although we are busy with our things, we should give concern to them such as making a call often and going home usually.
The aged people only need to you to talk to them often and company to them.
Thanks for your emai.
I usually get up at 6 o'clock.
I have breakfast at a half past 6.
I go to school by car.
The first lesson starts at half past seven.
I have to study eight subjects.
There are some interesting subjects, such as PE, Art and English.
When I get home I do my homework at frist.
Then I have dinner with my family.
At weekends I also join in an after school activity.
The one I love most is my mother .
In my mind , mother is the most people for me in the world .
And I owe much to her .
She give me life , and take me in the world .
She give me all her love .
What is more , in my hard time when I suffer from serious ill.
I learnt many from her .
Such as , to be a good person , to do good thing as well .
which have an deeply influent on me .
mother is the people I love most in the world .
I willing to do any thing for her .
I love you forever .
However, as a result of a recent research, some individuals object to this act completely.
They think that as the advance of this evaluation, teachers will pay much attention on it, absolutely, this will decrease their academic focus.
Additionally, some students may take the opportunity to retaliate some teachers that they prejudiced against all the time.
And then, teachers will not be strict with students as that of before to avoid students'grudges.
Though those disadvantages seems to be reasonable, I need to stand back and stick to my own colours.
The Spring Festival is an important festival in China, like Christmas in Western countries.
When The Spring Festival approached, my parents were busy tidying up and going shopping.
They bought new clothes and many delicious food for The Spring Festival.
During The Spring Festival, we wore new clothes and visited our relatives and friends.
The old gave money to the young.
I played games with my sister.
  So I made a plan for the new year.
Hei river city has beautiful scene, especially surround my work place.
and check the picture on his passport, Though you must be sure tourist message on passport is true and judge it's himself or not.
After working, we can play basketball and soccer, but I like badminton best.
work.
I needed to follow the leader to check boats, every morning, leader guide me to check boats, we must avid boats have forbidden things and stowaway.
Even though daily work was boring and it makes people tired.
Learning English is one of the most difficult yet most rewarding experience of our school life.
As a college student, learning English is a very necessary course.
I want to study English for different reasons.
First of all, English is the most popular language in the world.
So we must learn how to use it approprately.
Secondly, we know the importance of English.
As we know, an excellent skill in English equips the college students with good jobs.
But in my opinion, learning English can also give me insights into another culture, and my mind will open to new ways of seeing things.
Last but not least, the most important benefit is we can communicate with many more people than before.
We can learn how to get long with others.
Finally, I am able to reach out to others and bridge the gap between my language and culture and theirs.
So learning English is our duty and we should try our best to do it.
And I think I can make it.
First, the graduates believe they have the abilities to do everything they want.
They want to get high salary and choose to live in big city, rather than poor areas.
When comes to this problems, there are two aspects to solve.
One hand, the government should take actions to provide more opportunities and inform the graduates where need them, then guide them how to do it.
The other hand, graduates should develop their qualities which is more essential.
I think job problem is a big problem we will confront.
We only can study hard and expand interpersonal relationships.
Exercise eloquence is important too.
Now, As we all know, It is difficult for us to look for a job in today's society.
There are more and more college students.
But there are not enough jobs for us.
Firstly, we should gain a lot of knowledge at school, then we will can accept more advantages than others.
Secondly, we should act a part-time job when we stay in school, so we can accmulate work experiences.
So, I will study hard, do many part-time jobs, and make more and more friends.
I confide if I can do those, I will come up with more jobs than others.
Everything on campus appeared particularly bright and fresh.
Most of the freshmen have difficult adjusting to university life there, so do I.
These days were filled with wonderful discoveries: new friends, courses, instructors, responsibilities and impression about the college's life.
I wandered the campus searching for my classes, experiencing the usual freshmen disorientation.
For a freshman, studying in college is a fresh but sweaty-palm life experience.
School is a microcosm of society.
In my opinion, there are three mian reasons for the popularity of blog.
First of all, blog just the same as our diary, and everyone, of cause whenever and wherever, can write what we have looked, what we have seen and what we think expediently, .
In addition, we can express our ideas more secretly, obviously, not illegal speech, because no one can recognize who you are and your real name.
However we can't deny that there are still many problems about the blog.
What's make condition worse, some people make the incorrect statement.
Conversely, online studying is attaining increasing popularity recently and it promises to be further imbedded into our daily life.
I personally believe that the use of tidal energy is a good thing to get, tidal energy is a gift of nature.
Nowadays, online shopping becomes more and more popular.
Many people like doing online shopping instead of going outside.
As we all know, if we do online shopping, it is very convenient.
We can save our time and money and find all kinds of clothes on the Internet.
Besides, we can compare the things that we want to buy with that in different shops and choose the best one.
The major advantage is that we can make purchase of things on the computer much cheaper than in the shopping mall.
However, online shopping also has many disadvantages.
For example, sometimes we need to worry about the quality of clothes, the shelf life of foods and the speed of delivery.
In my opinion, we must learn how to make it possible to enjoy the benefits while avoiding the drawbacks and what should we do.
We should see the valuation of the things if we want to buy them and research whether the things have good valuation.
Nowadays, the phenomenon of environmental pollution in lots of big cities is obviously serious, air quality becomes worse and worse.
The reasons were that cars as well as factories let poisonous gases out, and the forest had been cut immoderately.
As we all know, if we breathe in harmful things, it will lead to various diseases which do harm to our health such as lung cancer.
It is advised that the government should control the quantity of cars while banning works from pouring pollutant.
The learning of divide into groups can form good study habits and improve most students'grade.
I think it can improve the ability of the cooperative exchanges.
And let's stay the most precious gift to each other.
Her suggestion is that I should stay calm.
Every year hundreds of thousands of people in china take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
My name is S and the English name is Rainy.
I come from P.
Because sometimes I will stay at home all day and sometimes I will hang out with my friends aLKEll day.
I like reading novels very much, especially the loving story.
And my favorite music is pop music.
My motto is: look before you leap.
My favorite color is blue.
There are six people in my family, my mum, my dad, my brother, my grandparents and me.
I also like going shopping and watching soap operas.
I like ice-cream very much, but I cannot eat too much.
I have a dream that is I can travel all over the world with my parents.
I want to become a good translator.
In college, I want to make more friends and learn what I want.
I join many societies, such as the Guitar Club and so on.
And I must put more attention to spoken English.
After the complement she felt so sad.
Then she stands up.
But the fate gave her some setbacks on her way of recovering from the sadness.
Not only her leg was broken, but also her eyes off.
After 11 years of waiting, she got the chance of taking part in the 2004 Athens' Olympic Games.
Daming made a plan of his holiday.
One day, there was a boy wearing a hat wanted to buy a lot of things.
Today, he took his money which prepares to outside to buy him to want to buy.
Suddenly, he saw an old woman who sat on the Street and her clothes was very dirty and old.
He was sympathetic, immediately, he thought he had five hundred dollars, so he gave her some money.
The old woman was very grateful, actually, she was born in a wealthy family, she just got lost.
when her family found her, and she told her family all things.
Everybody had failing time .nobady in addition .
because life is colorful .
At once time sorrow and disappointed stay with me when i lose in my exam .
just like nobody around your world .
and a drowning man struggle in the water .
examination made someone happy and another was sad .
but nobody will always fail.
Fight with failure is a difficult thing.
but i think is a worthy things.
because fail will make you become more stronger .
sure .
it's same for exam .
Never say never .
you need believe yourself you can do anything what you want .
if you really effort you will got don't care another eyes .
failure isn't the most terrible thing .
Get up and wash at half past eight.
Have a healthy breakfast at a quarter to nine.
He well do his homework carefully from nine to half past ten, and then do exercise in the park for two hours at half past ten.
At twelve o'clock, he have a great lunch.
In the afternoon, from one to three, have computer class or English class.
Have a rest for one hour.
Read all kinds of books from four to six.
Eat a bit of supper at six thirty.
He want to search for the information on the internet or watch the TV programme what he likes from seven in the evening.
Put away things at eight thirty.
I think this plan is very good.
Everyday is rich.
Some people think that if we help the people who is in trouble and in the end we may not take a good result and take trouble to ourselves.
But for me, I think we should help other people.
When a people in trouble , the people most want someone can help him.
If we can help him , he most can solve the probiem .
But , if nobody help him , the problem may get more and more terrible.
Several weeks ago in a late afternoon my politics teacher was talking about contemporary history in China as usual.
It was several decades ago and my teacher was walking across a road.
Then for some reason cars began slowing down and even stopped.
At that time he was much younger and healthier.
Every time when I hear about such stories deep in my heart will soon be filled with warmness.
There are various small acts of kindness.
Perhaps the most well-known way is to leave your seat for the old when on the bus.
And to hold the door for others behind you might be equally a fine choice if you don't use public transport system frequently.
Everyone has school day .now, let us tell you solmething about my school day.
In my school day, i always get up ata half past five in the morning and i go to school at a half past six.
we usual have chinese class , math class, english class , physics class , chemistry class to learn.
And my favourite subject is chemisry because i think it very interesting and we can know many exciting things .
i do not like history class , because it have to many things to bear, i go home by bus and do my homework at a half past seven .
After school , we have many activties , such as tennis , basketball, volleyball.
every activities are exciting .
i go to bed at ten o clock after i finish my homework .
Recently, I got two concert tickets and I want to invite you to the concert.
The concert which hold by famous star----LEE is marvelous.
Hello everyone, my name is X.
 High School.
This school is very beautiful and there are many trees and flowers on the road.
My new classmates are very friendly and I think I can make friends with them soon.
The teschers are also friendly, they are also enthusiastic and humorous.
Their mathods of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High School and I think these mathods are useful and helpful for our study.
On the one hand, in the past, clashes between the establishment and students was violent.
As a result, the passion always gave rise to protests.
However, in nowadays, if we launch protects, it might be a strange activity.
The change in itself is the appearance of the reformation of social system.
On the other hand, we can contact with our family casually today.
In this era, advanced knowledge has changed the era, we are supposed to assert that in spite of the distance between our family and we students, we can communicate with each other umbilically.
Gone are the days when students rang home only once or twice a term.
While advanced knowledge shrinks the gap between students and family, it can also bring about profound issues.
Someone think online shopping very perfect, because they can go a bound of shops online.
They can find more goods .
Since academic dishonesty benefits on one, every school should attempt every means of them to prevent it .
From my point of view.
Reasons are as follows.
In recent years, the food safety problem is becoming more and more serious.
Food safety issues has brought a lot of negative influence to society and our lives.
Some people drink the milk that has been contaminated.
First, the government should set up a department to ensure the safety of food, and punishment of illegal businesses in accordance with the law.
Second, as for the producers, it is very important for them to be honest.
Third, the most important point, we must learn more knowledge about the food safety .
So let us petition all the people to focus on the food safety problem.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our question was about studying by themselves, watching TV or listening to music, playing computer games or surfing, helping with housework and exercising.
We all know that it is popular to relax by watching TV or playing computer games, but we were surprised that forty percent of them study by themselves.
I think it is good to study by themselves for most students, because there are so many tests for them.
I have a happy and comfortable life in my winter holiday.
First, I go shopping with my parents.
We purchase some sweets, cookies and fruits.
The Spring Festival is arriving.
I am extreme excited.
I wear a red uniform, red trousers and a couple of red shoes.
I get some lucky money from my parents and we go to visit our relatives.
Then, we be present at a banquet together.
I have never thought about this question.
Book was a very useful tool that was include all the knowledge you will learn in the future.
You can just stay at home, sit on the chair, and read a book for a day without someone bored you.
But well, I am not very like reading.
I like vacation, I like travell and see the sights.
You can go to visit some famous buildings.
Take some pictures as the keepsake.
And maybe you can visit the local museum and learn more knowledge if you are a history buffs.
This will be better than just stay at home and get nothing to do except reading.
Summary: Everyone has their own good way for improve his study, so both of knowledge and personal experience are very good way for improve our study.
Our side has been going on love story, but some of the story is that we will never be able to forget.
I never thought an unrelated people can give me so much care.
She was my high school at the same table.
We sat together on the first day, I think we may be very difficult to get along with.
Because I am a very relaxed person, and she feels to the person very strict.
Of course, many of my shortcomings no less by her lessons.
For example, in the morning study late, wear slippers to school, Often have no homework.
For these things I have no less quarreling with her even said some unpleasant words.
But she didn't and I quarrel.
Gradually let me feel her to my deskmate care deeply.
With her help I gradually to correct these bad habits.
For helping me with my her is much less time.
I asked her why she, she told me that because he is my deskmate.
In recent years, the domestic food security issues worrying.
For example: illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives, pesticide pollution, and so on.
Food security for society and people life to bring bad influence, Perhaps, Causing social instability and Brings to people life problem, If you want to improve food safety awareness must be behind the rules.
The first, To develop good health habits.
Second, Don't go undocumented, unlicensed stalls to buy food.
Third, To select safe, sanitary of Restaurant.
everyone has his or her own favorite way of learning.
A good teacher-student relationship will make learning enjoyable and interesting for the students and teaching worth-while for a teacher.
And teachers should encourage the students to think independently and learn to study by themselves.
It's important to listen with attention in class and it's more important to learn to raise questions and work out problems in new ways.
Nowadays, the topic of curiosity attracts more and more people's attention.
In the first place, the most popular idea is that we should spend more and more time in exploiting curiosity.
In the next place, some are inclined to the opinion that we were born with curiosity, so we shouldn't limit the curiosity.
Last but not least, 'Curiosity is the source of creativity.
Since high school my study method is not very good.
well.
I'm confident that I can succeed.
I am 22 years old, born in shandong province .
my major is Mathematics .
and i have acquired basic knowledge of my major during my school time.
In July 2010, I begin work for a small private training center as a English teather.
That is the reason why I come here to compete for this position.
Civil service exam fever is a common phenomenon in China.
I know your troubles.
I think, you should try to talk to your mother.
Maybe you will have a good conversation.
Of course, you should know that to do so is better for you.
You should also try to do better.
Sush things will not be too bad.
Your relationship will change.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
I don't like maths at all until I met Mr Green.
In my opinion, maths is a very very difficult subject.
I always got bad marks in the texts.
But when I met Mr Green, everything was changed.
I did badly in the first text.
I was so sad that I even wanted to give up maths.
That moved me a lot.
With the help of him.
Mr Green is really kind and patient.
I have many hobby.
My favourite is basketball, so I often play basketball in my free time.
And I like football too, because I play it is very wonderful.
In my free time.
I often listen to music.
I have a good friend.
He like basketball and football, too.
So we often play sports in free time.
Recently, I purchased a pair of sports shoes.
Happened, I fancy a pair of sports shoes and buy down, the number is 38, the color is white.
However, when the shoe-mail when I was dumbfounded, number 38, the color actually is my most hated.
I am very angry, for the first time in this online to make purchase goods happen.
So, I talked about the Internet and prior service.
Reads as follows, and I said that you shipped the wrong number, shoe size and color I want.
As a customer, I ask you to re-delivery number is 38, the color is white.
I hope you this shipment correctly.
With the rapid development of the science and technology, people from all over the world tend to enjoy their lives, but it led to a tough problem which happened between people practicing square dancing and neighborhood residents.
Thus, when it comes to this issue, different people have different attitudes towards it.
Some people take it for granted that everybody has their own life, you can't enjoy square dancing in the way of bothering neighborhood residents.
However, others insist that square dancing is a good way for middle-aged and elderly people to build up their bodies, they just use the daytime to practice square dancing, it can not disturb the residents of a locality.
There are some reasons to support my view.
For one thing, i think the local government ought to take much more importance to it.
As a college, we all know that the students need a quiet atmosphere to study, the throbbing dancing music drives them crazy, but everyone should benefit from the life.
Therefore, the government should take strong measures to maintain every residents' interests.
For example, the government can apply for a place where is spacious and keeps away from the residents of the locality, this is the win-win policy, maybe government can play important role in solving this tough problem.
For another, people who are against the square dancing can speak out in public, but not to threw rubbish at people dancing in a square or block the stage  of the dancers in a square, it is actually a bad action for civilizations to take.
Every one has right to do their own things, you can't stop others from doing anything by your rude behavior, or you are invading their rights.
All of us should learn to put our own feet into others shoes.
Last but not least, we have to learn to understand each other, everything in the world can not be perfect.
It is all known to us that people who practice square dancing most are middle-aged and elderly, i think they do this activity in order to build up their bodies but not for fun.
What we have discussed above, a natural conclusion can be drawn that people can not do the rude behavior to stop others doing their things.
Government is the most authoritative to look after residents' interests, serving the people and taking the measures.
every person have right, they can do anything they want to do.
Nowadays, the elderly especially pay attention to their health, of course, as children, we hope our parents have good body to company with us for a long time.
first support: I'm new student in art international program.
second support: English writing class has a lot of new words.
I can't understand some sentence.
third support: I'm very tired every time when I have took writing class.
But when I review the writing lessons I'm satisfied.
Nice to meet you all.
My name is X.
I am from T.
I think I am a quiet girl.
I like to sit quietly and quietly.
But I also like to play with you.
My interest is very extensive.
I learned the dance, the music, the fine arts.
It has been a month since I entered the university.
I fell in love with Taekwondo, and entered the school's Taekwondo Club.
I think I'll learn it well.
I also hope that I can get along with my classmates in this new environment.
Although my family has three people, I have a happy family.
My dad is a workman and driver.
He works hard everyday in order to keep our daily life.
My dad is the busiest in a year especially spring and winter.
My dad is humours and kind .
He cooking meals is very delicious.
When I was sad, my dad always utilize a great variety of ways to makes me laugh.
When I am confused about something, he can tell me many reasons and teaches me how can I do.
I remember my dad liked take me to everywhere at my childhood.
My mom is a businesswoman and open a clothes shop.
Because of it, I can wear many beautiful clothes.
I think my mom is very hard in that she cooks meals and does some housework everyday.
During the middle school, I think my mom is long-spoken.
I thankful for my parents to bring up me and thank to their contribution.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.
As we all know, cars have been playing an important role in our daily life.
But everything has its two sides and it is not an expection.
First of all, it's undeniable that the cars provide a convenient way of transport for people.
The time is reduced, we can do more things and go a farther place.
On the contrary, other people have different views.
They render the following opinions.
As the growing of private cars, the air pollution index is increasing.
Personally, I believe the technology which is able to solve this problem will be appeared in the future.
A number of students have attended a lot of different kinds of association activities they like.
I like magic cube and I play it well.
So I attended Rubik's Cube Club.
I enjoy playing basketball best.
It is playing basketball that makes me stronger.
I often play basketball with my friends.
Watching English films is my favourite activities as well.
I think I can learn more new words and expressions by watching English films.
After-school activities are our best teacher we need.
So we can select some activities we like.
From next Monday, our company will carry out a new smoking policy.
Since then, you can't smoke in the office, but we will set a smoking room for the smokers.
we need to get familiar with the surroundings , establish new relations with other students and teachers, and find new methods for learning in more free time, and living on limited allowance .
Some students find balance between study and life.
while others only indulge themselves playing and enjoying much fun.
Now let me tell you why I like it best .
Switzerland is situated in the middle of Europe which has a population of 7,500,000.
The capital of Switzerland is Berne, sure, I think you kown the famous city named Geneva.
It owns a good geographical position that is next to Austria, France, Italy and German.
People call it the garden of world beacause beautiful scenaries are everywhere in Switzerland.
As we all kown, Switzerland is well-kown for its gorgeous watches which stand for wealth and identity.
To commence, reading newspapers do litttle harm to our eyes and will make profound impression for readers.
As the exam is coming, many students have symtoms like dizziness, lack of energy and they have neither a sound sleep nor a good appetite.
First of all, they are supposed to make a proper plan of revision so that they could take advantage of their limited time.
What's more, keeping a regular timetable is also of vital significance.
In addition, it's a good choice to take a warm shower and have a glass of hot milk before going to sleep because they can help them rest better.
Reading is to our life what water is to fish .
In the daily life, a person use various kinds of methods, such as going to the library, purchasing and borrowing books to do some read.
Some people are in favor of the thought that one will not read a book unless it is lent.
Nevertheless as far as I am concerned, one read a book whether it is loaned.
There are many causes for this view.
First of all, nowadays, with the growing popularity of the Internet, more and more people can read on the Internet.
Using the e-books is the more convenience and direct way to gain informations of books.
Besides, you can read a book through other ways not just only by lend.
Secondly, whatever the scholar say about a book, however unanimous they are in their praise of it and you borrowed it, unless it interests you, it is no business of yours.
During reading, an important element of reading is interests which can arouse enjoyable.
Taking the above factors into consideration, one can read a book whether it is borrowed.
Nowadays, going shopping is becoming more and more popular, even it seems to reach fashion, as a master of the flat.
Online shopping also have many benefiting.
While, it is no doubt that online shopping much have dangerous behave.
Such as, we buy something that we may don't know the quality of itself.
So in my opinion, we should have sharp eyes.
It is smart to chance for us.
Therefore, whether we will go shopping or not on there.
Along with society's development.
People's living standards become more and more high.
Nowdays many college students like to pursue famous brand, and the price is also increased with.
Fashion is the students eternal topic, famous brand for their attractive.
They except others to admire thier high class and good taste.
As far as l concerned, this dose not favor the student's psychological health growth.
After all, most of famous brands are far beyond thier consumption ability.
In the modern day people are increasingly choosing to adopt a bad lifestyle.
Obviously, a good lifestyle lead to a good health.
Some people even have an unbalanced diet.
First, we should keep a positive living attitude towards life.
We must say goodbye to the sedentary life.
Second, eating a balanced diet is also very important to our health.
Besides, we should exercise regularly.
The body is the capital of revolution.
When we are young, we may not be aware of this point.
But a health lifestyle is really important.
Nowadays, power and wealth play a more and more essential role in society.
So sometimes phenomenons without fair appear in our modern life.
Some people are condemned without sufficient evidences.
As long as there is one point is unreasonable, he will be innocent temporarily.
Although the progress of gainning proof is so long and full of difficulties, it is still an obbligato part.
In other words, each person has his own right, of course including the right for innocence.
To sum up, the principle of Innocent until prove guilty is necessary and filled with justice.
Along with the develpment of automatic, our life have been more convenient , you can almost do anything but not by yourself.
There is no doubt that convenience saves much time and energy for us, including modern transportation , office, shopping and so on.
At the same time, it leads to a unclear lifestyle, consuming natural resources which can't return back in a short time.
For example , Beijing's pollution has been serious increasingly.
Thus, a low-carbon life should be the best choice for everybody.
First of all, the behavior can reduce the discharging of carbon, if you choose a bus or a taxi or riding bikes even walking, all of them can decrease the amount of car's flood on the road.
Second, the less cars running on the road, the less traffic jams happens, people can save more time, energy and money, after all, the fossil oil is not so cheap.
Besides, it may be a better method to reduce the accidents' occuring.
As a middle school student, it is important to know what politeness means.
For example, I respecy me parents and never argue with them at home.
And I always say hello actively as soon as I get home from school, because parents will moved and rest assured.
When I visit the public museums or place, I never forget to follow the rules and when I talk with others, I always smile at them.
From this words, I think you know what you should do.
You should respect your parents and follow the rules.
In my opinion, being polite is the most basic requirement for us.
As far as we know, there is a lot of food make from illegal cooking oil.
More than that many foods mix excess chemical additives.
This is a serious problem.
In my opinion, to lead a healthy life, we should'n eat anything in sidewalk snack booth which has a terrible condition, instead of in the restaurant.
I wonder if it would be possible for us to meet outside in the People Theater at 7:30pm .
For example, the cost of decorating a mooncake box may be much more than the cost of produce four mooncakes.
It just for making the boxes look more beautiful and the customers can present them more honorable.
Network Real-name System, personal information will not leak, be other people influence.
I know how to make a good impression.
As we all know, first impression is always the most important thing when you meet a stranger.
At short time.
The other person forms an opinion about you based on your appearance.
Your manners and even your behaviours that tell them what type of person you are and your characteristic.
First of all, we have to have deep confidence in ourselves.
If you are calm and confident, the others will feel more at ease and this makes a solid foundation of a good first impression.
The second is your appearance, trying presenting yourself appropriately, start with thy way you dress.
Last but not least, the smile is very important.
Whether they are in your career or social life.
It is important to know how to make first impression.
Getting up later in the morning and working until late at night are popular in the current .
And for me , I am a member of masses who get up later in the morning and work until late at night.
Firstly, getting up later in the morning gives me a positive mood to confront what I will do with.
A positive mood is extremely essential for me to deal with the problems and get well with other people.
Also, a positive mood helps to create the harmonious climate of the work.
Secondly, working until late at night is useful for me to think about the difficulties.
Owing to an adequate and high-quality sleep, I always abound in energy to stay up.
And it is very quiet and stress-free at night so that I could keep a clear thought in my mind.
I believe it is the best way to choose our own life style, like getting up later in the morning and working until late at night .
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I can practice my spoken English while I take part in the English corner every Friday.
From the cartoon we can see that two different ways to help the drowning man.
  Welfare and Welfare Reform are apart written in two pictures.
It reflects that the welfare system should reform.
People should live independently and can't just rely on the government's welfare.
As far as I know, there are three ways to solve the problem.
First, government can build some schools that aim at the disabled person and unemployed person.
Second, the government can reduce the welfare standards.
Almost everyone in the word wants to be confident in their life.
However.
In affect, Little of us do have the quality of being self confidence.
Therefore how to be a confident man is of a great importance.
First and foremost , be positive even if you don't fell the same way, I also remember when I was young, I would like the lesson to the radio waiting for my favorite song when they played I sing along, It made me smile.
It gave me a big confidence in my life, because of I can sing the song which I like best.
So, everything can give us confidence, no matter how the thing is small or not, if we try our best to do a thing, finally, do it well, our boss or teacher encourage us, then we harvest the happiness and confidence.
Build up our confidence is so easy that if we do something that we should do.
Plant trees on the side of road, help the children and old people.
we do it and we happy and we have confidence.
On the one hand, it is our responsibility to society, on the other hand it is also our moral.
In this society, people and people have same goal is that make our relatives have a good life, they try their best to make this goal comes true, every time when they have little success they will have more confidence do it forever.
I'm l, moniter of Class One, Grade Eleven.
You can't imagine how excited I am to know you will be an exchang student in our class during the next term, which is a golden opportunity ffor both of us to draw on each other's knowledge.
In the most beautiful corner of Tianjin stands the Chenguang High School, with the delightful weather and fresh air of Tianjin providing a healthier atmosphere for us to study.
Though we usually have warm and sunny days, it can be really cold in Nov .
As an old saying goes, it would be better if we have friends from far away.
Our friendly and harmony class is ready to wait for your coming, and at the same time, I hope you will exchange the different culture in America to borden our horizon and promote our friendship.
And it's not good for him to study so tired.
Nowadays, with the development of Internet technology, Intenet has brought great convenience to us.
So it has become the indispensable element of our life.
Internet has changed human's life and the way of thinking, the scope of interpersonal communication is also enlarged.
However, every coin has two sides, many people have come to realize that it brings the trouble as well.
People more and more depends on the Internet, such as buying or selling merchandise, getting help and so on.
Like the conversation between the daughter and the father.
In fact, the father asked the question is just that cared for his daughter and wanted talk with her about her school life and know more about her.
But the daughter only asked her father to learned about her blog.
So the communication between them is interrupted.
In my view, people shouldn't excessively rely on the Internet.
We should strengthen the communication with our family, friends and others.
The Internet provides virtual space for us, if we can't control ourselves well, maybe we'll become a cyrillic, we'll become more indifferent and won't care about others.
I'm fine and we all miss you very much.
It has changed a lot since you left hometown.
A number of people have lived in flats which are not only big and spacious but also well-appointed.
They have owned telephones and bought many electric appliances, such as TVs, washing machines, fridges and so on.
The village has connected with the town by roads and villagers use tractors , trucks and cars to replace the bikes.
What's more, the school are going on a series of changes so that children can receive a better education.
In a word, our hometown is developing in a high speed and I believe it will become more affluent.
The frisst job was to sell tickets on a bus.
it needs strong body.
and this job was full of challenge for me.
this job was very difficult for me.
On the first , the weather was so terrible .
it was raining and cloudy .
I went to the ibeach and made castles with the sand .
in the afternoon I am so tired that I went to sleep early .on the last day I ate all of hainan's famous foods .
On the first , the weather was so terrible .
it was raining and cloudy .
I went to the ibeach and made castles with the sand .
in the afternoon I am so tired that I went to sleep early .on the last day I ate all of hainan's famous foods .
There are many modern facilities of education, and the quality is better.
On the other hand, countryside is far away from the polluted air made by cars and factories.
First, one has half day free every week, and every day one gets up very early and stays up late at night in the high school.
However in the college .
In university one has some other very important things to do besides study, which plays a very crucial role in the college life.
Second, in the high school, we always been told to study.
Step one is to ask yourself what you did wrong, how you can improve it.
The text tells us ten easy steps to keep our heart healthy and reduce our heart attack risk.
Second, know your blood presure, a number being even more important than cholesteol and do whatever it takes to get it down to 115/75.
Getting a little exercise and losing some belly fat is the best way.
Third, eat an ounce of nuts whatever they are raw, fresh or in a roast way a day.
Mainly beacause my English teachers.
Though did i do bad in English, they speng much time hlping me.
Apart from this reason, another reason is that everyone should grasp at least one foreign language at present.
Those who are in favor of the idea of living in big cities believe that it makes society increasingly competitive as well as accumulate experience.
However, our health may be influenced by air pollution when we are living in big cities.
As far as I am concerned, I prefer living in big cities than small cities, because I always keep positive attitude towards complicated social situation.
I realize that you tend to instruct English in China all the time.
Therefore, there have a chance.
You can come in China teach it because Qiang jin middle school require to an English teacher.
You works a term and you teach two class verbal English.
In addition, you not only have ten classes a week but you need responsible for every English after-school activity.
After you become this school teacher.
You abtain 4000$ every month and you gain a free ticket.
Last but no least, you can free it stay.
Going to college means that we will study on a higher platform, in which case, we need to polish up our academic knowledge and gain enough social skills.
As is mentioned above, professional books such as Maths, Computer, Physics, and so on, is included .
Not only will these books offer us knowledges necessary for examinations, they also broaden our horizon about the world and the society.
Honestly speaking, however, professional books are boring .
 Pride and prejudice ,  Gone with the wind and David copperfield are well-known among them.
As a result , we are able to enlarge our vocabulary and improve writing skills.
In a world , what we read should be benefit to our study , personalities or just hobbies.
Blog becomes more and more popular.
It is very convenient for most people to share, communicate and even make friends who have the same interests.
People can easily create their own blogs.
Not only can they write something about what they think or how they feel, but also they can visit others' blogs that they are interested in.
There are also some disadvantages of writing blogs.
Owing to lacking protection of the law on the line, there are something bad.
As a public media, people get information easily and acceptably.
As we all know, things also have two sides.
It depends on you how to use the blog right.
We should not be the one who does things wrong.
For the disadvantages, blog needs to be imposed, which needs the bloggers to be more self-control and be more moral.
For another, the copyright of blogers should be protected.
Some of them believe it is very beneficial to us.
For example, they think it 's not only a good way to acquire knowledge , but also open up our eyes.
Furthermore, we can share and communicate with our friends by getting online.
Last, we can play games , listen to the music on the internet as well.
However, the other people don't think so.
In the first place, it does harm to our eyes.
In the second place, we may be addicted to computer games and chatting.
Of course, every coin has two side.
In my opinion , Internet is a very available tool for people, if students can use it to know more knowledge and solve problems , students can benefit a lot from it .
If I have a chance to travel to one of the countries in the Europe, I think that I will choose to travel to Switzerland.
Switzerland is located in the centre of the Europe, it's next to the Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
It measures 41 thousand square kilometers and has a population of 7.5 million people.
Ever since Switzerland is not as big as China, the scenery of Switzerland is fanscnating.
Switzerland is called the World Garden in terms of its beautiful scenery.
Accoding to the reasons all above, I think Switzerland is worth to travelling.
After dinner, my grandparents gave us red pockets at once with a smile on their faces .
In conclusion, they said, If I were you, I wouldn't take a mobile phone with me.
Todays social networking website emerge in an endless stream various social networking sites have appeared on the computer screen .
Some people think that social networking is not ture , because social network in most cases through witten communication even now have a video chat , but still no face to face reality.
Some argue that social networking is not safe, because mang criminals can through social network sites let us be deceived .
I think no matter what kind of things have appeared , good ang bad, social networking website also is such.
In my opinion, there are some reasons about this.
First, the studentslaziness lesd to cheat.
Besides, the govern of the school is not strict so that the students have courage to cheat.
It's a pity for me to hear that a university student insisted on her parents buying a trio of Apple products.
Nowadays more and more children take it for granted that their parents should meet their needs anyway.
If they can put their selves in parents' position, they can have the notion of their difficulties.
What really matters most is our passion of studying.
Nowadays, the campus is ubiquitous romantically, because many university students crave very much in seeking their love.
But when it comes to the phenomenon about the seeking of romance under the shadow.
The people I love most is my mother.
When I was 12 years old, my parents divorced.
From that year, my mother raises me alone.
She is a kind woman.
She won't force me doing anything I don't want to do.
She is generous, hard-working and forgiving.
Sometimes she is also strict to me.
When I make a mistake, she will point it out.
This lovely woman always want me to be honest, tender and gentle.
As she is a middle school teacher, people say she is respectable.
And so do I.
If I have some unhappy things, she will be a good listener.
I love you, my dear mother.
With the development of the society in china, more and more students in colleges are easy to be tempted by the surroundings.
In my point of view, it's a good policy for students.
As we all know, the number of college students is increasingly extremely fast these years.
Teachers will meet more troubles to assure the quality of education.
And nowadays college students are more optional than before.
They just do what they want to do.
A party statement said We should not let them steal our victory.
What's known to all is that , with the development of our society, aids come to people's view gradually.
Nowadays, we almost can say visual aids everywhere .
On the part of some people , visual aids are disgusting for the pollution caused by aids .
However, it's obvious that visual aids have its own unique advantages.
Well, when we are struggling to choose what is worth buying , visual aids usually show you a great object.
And when you are interesting in some wonderful presents, tools and so on, visual aids make the information on those products vivid, which is convenient for you to make wise decisions.
And the last but not least , aids can always generate much interest among the freshmen about the new things .
Of course , visual aids have plenty of advantages, which is unknown.
There are some reasons for my view.
Frist, it is the people in our lives who bring us the most happiness.
second, have none of friend is a major block to happiness.
To live life only by ourselves will bring us nothing but sadness and misery.
The last, I truly believe that the happiest people are those who are on good terms with his friends and benified a lot from friendship.
The positive proverb:  The early bird catches the worm.
First of all, we should face the new challenge everyday in that each day is a new day.
Secondly, hard work is a great habit for everyone.
So in my opinion, no pain, no gain.
Last week our English club asked students about their weenkend activites.
Our question was about weekend activites.
And 10 percent help with housework.
I think it is a good way to relax by doing exercise or helping with housework.
Exercise such as playing sports is fun , and you can spend time with your friends and your family as you play together.
And remember, Old habits die hard  .
I love traveling, but actually I haven't been to many places, neither in the country nor go abroad.
So I usually browse the web which contain many beautiful pictures about some appealing countries or cities.
Then I found a special city _ Kunming.
Located in Yunnan province, it's the capital of Yunnan, either.
This city enjoys one of the most pleasant weather in our country.
It's not very hot in summer and not extreme cold in winter.
I live in a northern city of China, when the winter comes, my home town becomes colder and colder, and I must have to wear as many clothes as I can.
So I'm eager to live in a city which has a nice weather, Kunming do it.
Because of Kunming's pleasant weather, it's also known as the city of Eternal spring.
Kunming is also the natural landscape and culture landscape and vibrant place.
There are many tourist attractions in Kunming.
One of the most famous natural landscape is Kunming lake, located at the foot of the Western Hills which is also a famous attraction.
As a bright and smooth highland lake, it's reputed as ''A pearl on the Yungui Plateau''.
The Grand View Pavilion is a typical culture landscape in Kunming.
Located at the picturesque lake's northern bank, it was built in the 29th year of Kangxi's reign in the Qing Dynasty.
Other tourist attractions include the Stone Forest, West Garden, Hill of Goddes of Mercy, etc.
At the mention of Kunming, we have to say it's local delicious food, such as Cross Bridge Rice Noodle, cool rice noodle, burnt bean curd, lemony chicken and so on.
These things attract numerous people_foreigners and Chiness alike.
When it's during Feruary's spring Festival, the city bursts into blossom.
celebrate the coming of spring with songs and dances.
Kunming now is a thriving modern city.
It's also a development of the international tourist city.
At present, it has become a center for the world Expo to collect the natural scenery and ethnic traditions as one of four seniors_tourist city destinations and more and more tourists are coming to this city.
Europe, a developed place which is full of romantic.
Switzerland is satuiated in the middle of Europe, cover an area of 4.1 square kilometers and have about 750 thousand people.
Beren, the capital of Switzerland, is known as chocolate and sweet candy.
Near the Switzerland, there are many famous countries such as Austria, France, Italy and German.
Berne is visited by many tourists each year who come to see the good scenery.
In addition, the country is also famous for its watch, chemistry and food.
The teacher also has the responsibility to pay attention to listening to students and to meet the needs of them.
Hello, my name is X.
I am not tall nor short, a little fat, and I have long hair.
My hometown is in Q city, Y Province.
My family consists of four persons.
Including my father, my mother and brother.
My father was a constriction worker.
My mother is a housewife.
My brother is in the school.
Since after the college entrance examination, I like combing the mountain and cycling.
Then I began to look for the materials , but there were no eggs , it happened that I saw through the window the hen was in the coop laying , so I let my sister to wait outside, telling her to wait for the egg.
I began to cook , but after a very long time the rice are still very hard, and I began to wonder what was wrong , why after so long time, rice was still so hard as it was row, I took out two to taste, my little sister also taste , she unexpectedly said it was very delicious, and I followed also feel very delicious, so I put the food out, in two bowls, my sister and I began happily to eat, we eated a lot, but left a bit, because I wanted let my aunt to have a taste , when my uncle finall came back and they asked if we had eated , what have we eat , I told them the whole process , after listening they began to laugh loudly, they were very surprised at our stomaches , they could digest so hard rice .
  Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, how many.
Do not worry.
I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.
Read the words when you see them, and try to use them.
Today, the mobile phone more and more.most of all is the student, in the school, mobile phone not only to used communicate, but also to used surf the internet.
In the library, a lot of people use their mobile phone entertainment, work, communicate, study.
In my opinion, use mobile phone in library must turn off your phone's sound, if not it would be trouble other which in reading.
I have many friends, but one of them who leave a good impression on me is Zhao Shunwei.
We often play together and have the same intrests such as table tennis, basketball, chess and so on.
He is careful and confident.
For example when we play table tennis, he will be concentrate on the sport and never give up.
Though he is not good for it , his enthusiasm infect me.
In my opinion, becoming the best friend needs good quality on the one hand.
At the same time , this quality affect on others.
It may be something to spark on everyone.
Having the same thinking is one of the most essential element between friends.
Suddenly, I realize that because her kids are not with her and she can only ease the loneliness when she sits in front of the mirror that she seems to talk to someone else.
Like Hocking, even though he is disabled, but he has perseverance, he is still pursuit his dream, he dinally completed the mounmental a brief history of time.
Perseverance is a great element of success.
It is easily comsily combined with other traits such as diligence and confidence to increase the chances os success.
I think that perserverance plays the greatest role in one's success.
It is a kind of tenacity, it is a kind of accumulation, is a kind of power.
As is known to all, reading increase our knowledge and understanding of the world.
It is indispensable of us to grew in life.
Books are the nutrient of the whole world.
Nowadays we can enjoy the same films, fashions, brands, advertisements and TV channels.
The evident difference between countries is disappearing.
Globalization is sweeping aside national borders and changing relations between nations.
Globalization is a fact of life and attaches much importance to human's life.
Somebody reckons that cultural globalization is cultural imperialism.
Someone thinks we have underestimated its fragility.
In fact, cultural globalization inevitably has a negative impact.
Large international companies disseminate their own culture through trading, which may cause devastating consequences on traditional culture of trading nation.
In spite of the disadvantages of globalization, the advantages of globalization far outweigh its disadvantages.
Globalization creates conditions for widening international exchanges, strengthening mutual understanding between nations, expanding cultural, educational, and scientific cooperation between nations and countries, enjoying the cultural achievements of people around the world which encourages the process of modernization and the enrichment of national culture.
Today we have a sports meeting, the weather is cloudless and warm, and we are all wild with joy.
At 8 o'clock, the sports meeting began.
When I saw my classmates got to the field, I was both excited and nervous.
When my classmates won the first prize, I held my breath andcheered for the winners.
The most exciting moment was coming in the 100-meter dash.
In spite of the fact that I didn't enter for the sports, I am still very happy, because lots of my classmates have tried their best.
In addition, any elective courses in some categories (such as literature class) allows students to experience the charm of the English language, to stimulate students' interest in learning English.
Complement the required courses to improve students' English language literacy.
I am a cheerful boy .
I hope to learn together and make progress together .
There are difficulties we help each other , do good to everyone to give encouragement .
The Spring Festival is the beginning of a new year, and everything looks new, energetic and hopeful.
Nowadays , online shopping become more and more popular and faishion .
Bcause it's very convience.
Most of people can shopping stay an home .
It is especially popular among college students and white-collars.
With development of Internet , online shopping is important in our life .
The anvantages of online shopping is obvious: It can save time for those busy with theri workor study.
Maybe the price of goods are cheaper.
Still, it has some disadvantagess.
First, we can't judge some goods weather have good quality and it is less reliable and trustworthy compared with face-to-face shopping.
seceng we can'tcue price.
There is no doubt that online shopping is a very convenient way.
As far I am concerned, in the society, people have carried out a survey on college students.
investigation of the name is  thank you  to parents.
have many college students has never said  thank you  to your parents.
college students have such reasons: for example, some college students think parents should be nice to them, this is the responsibility of the parents, there is no need to thank.
Square dancing is a new and fashionable way to relax, and it is also a good choice to exercise.
With the development of the society, people pay more attention to entertainment, So, more and more people enjoy it.
It does not need professional teachers, you can learn it by yourself.
Even many young people became a fan of it.
However, some crazy dancer are troubled neighborhood residents of the practicing square.
The citizens were suffer from the bad noise, them took some action to the square dancing.
For instance: fired a shotgun to scare away the dancer, threw rubbish to the dancer.
But, it does not work too much, on the contrary, some students are suffer from these action.
The students organized a silent protest against these action, because they need a quiet atmosphere to study.
First of all, we have to admit that the square dancing is a good way for entertainment, you can do it if you have enough time, and it is easy to learn.
Everyone has the right to enjoy it.
Absolutely, the dancer just considered about themselves.
Square dancing is really good, but it can not be the reason to disturb others without punishment.
We should dancing in the proper time, place with well organize.
Another way to solve this problem is the government should take some action.
The government should sever for us and provide a good environment for us to live better.
The government should communicate with dancers and tell them the bad effect they have been caused.
If they don not follow it just warning the crazy dancer later, if they still don not follow them, the government can take some action to punish them.
Last but not least, I think we should understand and respect each other.
A harmony society can not develop without understand and respect.
People live in this kind of society must be very disappointed.
The harmony society need every member to support.
Everyone has their own ideas towards one thing, so it is uneasy to avoid argument.
But if we don not use the proper method to deal with it, the problem can not be solve forever.
My hometown is a small village.
I went back to my hometown this summer holiday.
At the very beginning of the days, I found that some villagers threw all kinds of garbages anywhere in the street at their own will as usual.
In addition, what surprised me was that only three garbage cans could be found in the street with which I was familiar.
A lot of flies were enjoying their 'delicious food'.
The smell from garbage was so odorous that I couldn't stand it.
There are considerable reasons leading to this situation.
There is no doubt that not only the villagers but the local government lost the awareness of environmental protection.
And the government didn't build up a efficient management system about protecting environment, which indirectly caused this problem.
And now, in order not to deepen the pollution to the environment of our village, the government is equipping each street with a certain quantity of garbage cans.
In my view, the government should give full play to the supervisory role.
The government should take more efficient measures to deal with this problem.
For example, on the one hand, the government can hold some lectures about environmental protection to appeal to the villagers not to throw garbage anywhere.
On the other hand, making brochures about environmental protection may be a good idea.
For individual person, i think they should realize the importance of protecting environment.
For instance, reading book only offers us brief information, while the mobile phone can convey others which are relevant to what you want.
We take it for granted that the mobile phone plays a vital part in our life.
Nonetheless, everything has two sides, the mobile phone is not an exception.
It can easily prove that there are many persons having poor eyes because the existence of the mobile phone.
It can be said with certainty that a good eduction is pretty important nowadays.
To start with, there is no doubt that a good eduction can enrich one's mind and broad our horizon.
As we know , a good eduction not only provides you what to study, but also how to study.
What's more, a good eduction has a great influence on our job hunting.
Finding a position in a big company has always been beyond our wildest dreams.
To make the dreams come ture, a good eduction plays a key role.
In addition , it is universally acknowledged that China is a developing county .
We students to China is wha tbricks are to a building.
Her forehead was covered with a neat hair.
She has straight long hair.
The pink face with a small nose supposed a glasses.
In her class, you can feel at home watching Carton.
Coming storm , running streams, singing birds and trees, which a wonderful picture formed in your mind.
Her sound and action is so extravagant and vivid that difficultly control your imagination intend to tell you classmates what you have thought.
The class was noisy immediately.
She said I'll say again if you are talking enough.
Different families have different traditions.
Although sometimes I feel these family tradition was too harsh for me but you never know what you will get until you really do.
Strategy of expanding domestic demand's response to the Asian financial crisis of 1998.
Huge domestic demand is the continued power of China's economic development, it determines the development of China should be given priority to with domestic demand.
The difficulty and key in the consumer to expand domestic demand, the potential consumption.
All parents love their children extremely, so, they pay attention to their children every time.
Nowadays, many parents do all they can for their children.
What's more, they want to accompany their children everyday.
To help children be independent is extreme crucial.
Therefore, I have four viewpoints .
They must appreciate that there are a lot of competitions .
Second, parents should give children enough help to make them feel comfortable.
Third, parents should let his child make decisions, which can improve his ability to deal with problems.
As we all know, a child should be encouraged when he is triumphant or when he fails.
In addition, children should make a decision by themselves when they face a problem.
. However, it's impossible to ask a child not to depend on parents at once.
Only an independent person can live and succeed in this world.
So, to help children grow up healthy, parents must let children go by themselves.
Last week our English club asked student about their weekend activities.
Our question was about exercise, studying by self at home, watching TV or reading books, use of the Internet or listening to music and helping with housework.
We found that only five percent of our students exercise every day.
Ten percent help with housework.
The answers to our questions about watching TV or listening to music were also interesting.
Only five percent watches TV one to three times a week.
It is good to relax by watching TV, but I think the best way to relax is through exercise.
It is healthy for the mind or the body.
Blog is a platform where people can skim through many blogs instantaneously.
Naturally, Blog also has some bad aspects.
Such as it might be involved in personal privacy, making people harm.
In the daily flag-rising ceremony, teachers and students address-us in turn to talk about the orion of Teacher's Day.
The teacher taught how to learn, let me benefit a lot, they also teach me how to be a real man, let me know the get along with people.
in my opinion, the bif city not only place for graduates to fully develop their abilities.
He give me life, He also teach me how to be a real perpon.
He work hard in order to make me have an opportunity to accept education.
When I failed in examination I felt depressed.
He always incouraged me never gave up, and said : failure will make you try harder on the next time.
Everyone'life is filled with setback.
Once in a while, I cried out of frustration, and I like giving up , suddeny, I remembered my father, No matter what happened, He never give up, He set a expmale for me.
I know Though time never last but though people do.
So, I felt I filled with power and incouragement , I tried my best to overcome it.
I gained too much from my father.
After reading this article.
It is easy to choice a good Job nowadays.
Most of the graduates are faced with the fact that there are more job-seekes than the position offered.
In my opinion, if we choose the later is better for us.
And choose your love, the working effciency is very high.
As we know, Jack Ma was an English teacher before, he didn't have to do this job but choose become self-employed, when people are not optimistic about , his choice it what he thinks promising job.
In the end he was successful.
On the one hand, he is willing to do anything about it what he choose.
All in all, opportunities always belong to those who well -prepared.
Nowadays, shopping online is becoming more and more popular.
People begin to buy things they need online and it makes them have more time and energy.
Usually, they are rally fantastic and nice.
When we are shopping online, we may face much danger.
As college students, they have more free time for themselves to use .
But wherever they go or whatever they do, they always have their phones acompayed.
Have you ever noticed that clooege students can not be reached sa others .
They seem always busy in their own buiness, they can set their phones out of service when they do not want to be disturbed.
From my perspective, phones are useful tools for communicating.
We should have a correct attitude of it.
In the picture, we can see a teacher teach some pupils to learn a multiplication table.
But someone doubt if it's useful to us in the future when we find a job.
In my opinion, it's necessary to learn a multiplication table.
May be you will think it too easy to useless.
Of course, the thinking is mistaken.
Who want to be succeeded, must know well the most fundamental knowledge and skills.
Obviously, no matter in 17th century or at present, chocolate fully deserves the title----  the root of agony and anxiety.
Some people are of the opinion that students shall take exercise every day, while others point out that students should spend the whole school day on academic studies.
We study just to guide us a brilliant future, so we could not be bothered by the study.
No one knows for sure, and making predictions is a risky business.
For example: my work is very relax, I work 2 hours everyday.
sometimes my work keep busy all day long, but my assistant will can planning my work.
so my will very happy.
I live in a city where is beautiful.
What is known to all is that everyone has curiosity, especially the teenagers.
Because the teenagers has less experience of society, they are curious about anything that they met in the first time.
As college student, we should pay more attention to raise our curiosity.
For example, browse the web looking for interesting web sites and fascinating news when you are free, or read the book you are interested in.
As we know, the curiosity we have since we born, and curiosity can create anything we want , just like Edison invented the light bulb.
With the development of society and economy, curiosity is very important to human, it is because of curiosity that our world become more and more beautiful and science fiction.
It is up to yours.
so, the face to faceinterview is better.
If you have wrong, you must have right.
With the development of the society, great changes have happened in the past years.
As we can know, styles of living are also included.
Most people hold the view that they are supposed to live with their parents.
Firstly, it could be a good tool for them to communicate more frequently with their parents.
Furthermore, what is of great significance is that it will be more convenient for them to get some assistance.
Last but not least, if there are anything important happens, it could make them get in touch sooner.
On the contrary, someone is against the view.
On the one hand, living alone can be regarded as a good way to build our personal abilities which will exert a very essential effect on our futures.
However, as far as I'm concerned, I go for living with our parents rather than being alone.
Not only will it provide us a lot of convenience but also it plays a necessary role in strengthening our relationship with parents.
We can live happy if we know how to enjoy ourselves .
When we grow up.
We discover there are less and less things that we want to talk with our parents.
We want to think things by ourselves, We want to settle things by ourselves, We want to enjoy things by ourselves.
As far as I am concerned.
Firstly.
The reason comes from parents.
Going through the world for many years.
They think they could talk about their opinions whether it's right or not to children.
And ask their children to do everything they think they should do without asking children'view.
They do not recognize that may be the children have their own opinions.
Listening to their parents day by day.
Secondly.
The reason comes from children.
Nowadays.
Children want to solve problems in their own way.
And they do not want to get help from their parents.
If they meet some issues which are beyond their ability.
They would not talk to their parents.
Even though the parents have some good idea to solve it.
They would not buy it.
Finally.
The reason comes from times.
I think this is the most crucial reason.
Parents were born in decades before.
They think in different ways.
Which is formed by the social factors.
Children were born in modern times .
What they think.
What they talk and what they do is caused by factors of school and society.
When the two factors meet together.
In reality.
Firstly.
Parents should let their children do by themselves at the beginning.
And they can hold their right opinion.
When they find it's time to assist children.
They could offer help in indirect ways.
Secondly.
Children should listen to their parents 'words no matter right or not.
Because this is essential respect to people.
At last.
There should be more talk between parents and children.
Attitude is the most crucial.
They think that death penalty is a setback.
All men are created equal and have the right to live.
No one has the right to end it .
And the death penalty also costs a lot of money .
I went on my first trip when I was about ten years old with my parents.
That was a summer holiday.
We went to climb mountain in JiXian.
We are get to at noon.
The mountain look at very tall and big.
When we climb to the top we are all very tired.
The orchestra plays music, the guest enters the dining room, may enjoy themself to dance and drink.
Music stop, bride and the bridegroom exchange the rings.
After the newlywed cut the cake together.
The reason has three: First, lack of communicate between parents and children.
Howerer, I can't figure out the meaning of the last sentence 'As he buckled the swollen belt suddenly my groin felt the chill of death'.
Time always flies fast.
Summer holiday was the longest holiday of the year.
My summer holiday was so interesting, because I went to Beijing to travel with my family.
On the first day, we went to the Great Wall.
It's very long and old.
It has millions of bricks.
Each brick is very big and heavy.
Lost of people from different countries like climbing the Great Wall.
We felt very tired when we climbed to the top of the Great Wall.
After we also went to the summer palace, Tian'anmen Square, Xiang hill, etc.
The Great Wall is the most impressive attraction for me.
It's magnificent, very spectacular.
Give people a feeling of great momentum.
Let me admire the people who built the Great Wall.
I like travelling with my family very much.
At the same time, it can improve the relationship between family members.
Since the app We chat  has come into our life, it seems that we all depend more and more on it.
No matter when it is, we all can see our friends stick their photos on the Friends' circle  .
Switzerland, my favourite country which has the population of 7.5 million people, is situated in the center of Europe, about 4.1 square kilometres.
In Europe, Switzerland is next to Austria, France, Germany and Italy.
On one hand, it is generally agreed that it's the garden in the world because it is famous for its beautiful scenery.
And on the other hand, the country is also famous for its watches.
In my opinion, Switzerland is a fascinating country which I'm willing to visit.
Friendship is one of the greatest pleasures that we can enjoy and it plays an important part in our lives.
In my part, I'm always convinced that nothing succeeds without a strong will.
As the rudder is to a boat, so is a strong will to goals.
As we know, achieving our goals is not easy, we will meet a lot of difficulties or obstacles.
Maybe we would cry, feel disappointed, even intend to give up.
If there is a strong will in our heart at the moment, we might motivate us to hold on.
Achieving success is a long process.
As the saying goes, where there is a will, there is a way.
It adequately proved that a strong will is the most useful tool to help people success.
A miracle is not a dream and it is made by people who has a strong will.
Nowadays, more and more college sudents become obsessed with Internet.
The reason for Internet addiction of college students lie in several aspects.
First and foremost, Internet has exerted a peculiar fascination on us.
In addition, college students face fierce competition and suffer from great pressure.
Some of them turn to the virtual world to evade the problems.
From my point of view.
Internet addiction have a devastating effect on our health and lives.
We must take action to solve the problem.
First we should spend more time on our study and reduce the time on the Internet.
Secondly, we can take active participation in different kinds of activities and outdoor sports.
Traditionally, individuals share the idea that women shouldn't appear to be as smart as men.
Nevertheless, with the society developing, women gradually come to work and perform even better than men.
Different teachers have different character.
First I think a good teacher must rich in knowledge.
In this way they can answerstudents' questions correctly, and teach students what can't study in the notebooks.
Agood teacher must be well organised but don't need to be very strict and unsmiling.
Second, a good teacher should be love to talk to students, so that they can know our problems in study and help us in time.
Of course, they may be amusing and interesting, in order to make classes more active.
At last, they should kind and patient.
In one class, there are both faster students and slower ones.
I am glad to receive your letter.
Our club activities start at 3:30 on Friday afternoon.
It will last one and a half hours.
There are a lot of club activities to choose, for example, English corner, Science club, Drama club, sports club, music club and so on.
We all very love our clubs.
So we enjoyed ourselves each time.
Every Friday afternoon, we can't wait to take part in these activity.
With the fast development of our society, people are becoming increasingly blundering.
Here is a common phenomenon that people always jump to conclusion upon seeing or hearing something.
  Nowadays, many occupations are closely relate to the sentence, such as judges or lawyers.
We call for justice, fairness, publicity when in court.
  For example, John.
Curtis, a disabled man.
All the people thought he was a tragedy and many people looked down him.
Above all, there are still many examples and evidences can prove the importance of investigations and actions.
Times go by, things changes a lot.
Compared with our parents'childhood, all the thing had already changes.
Many years ago, our parents or grandparents live a simple and hard life.
They eat just potatoes, and a little race, race is very hard to get, diffrent form now.
Becuase of that, they are always in hungry.
But, there has some bad changes.
Since we have phone, we always use it talk with people or friends, we not get to meet any more.
I think it's very bad.
Becuse we can't see the face that whom we talk with, can't see his emotionse.
And we will feel far away from our friends use this way to talk for a long time, then, we'll feel longly and fall ill.
Of course, changes not only just those what i said, there changse very much.
The good, the bad things.
Many people have lost themselves, but I think it is the most important thing we cannot afford to lose.
Sometimes, they lay in a small pond quietly like a sleeping baby, surrounded by the fragrance of flowers and the twitter of birds.
That tops on our Morning Passport  .
Now he has said that he is going to appeal that ruling and if it fails, though, he is going to have only about ten days before he is sent off to Sweden.
They are putting out t- shirts and mugs and even dinner with Julian Assange to try and raise some money because he's got legal fees of something around $200,000 and things like PayPal and Visa and MasterCard are refusing to even process any of his payments.
As is known to us all, more and more aged people lives a lonely life and even some of them spent rest of their lives in this situation.
Firstly, building up a sense of responsibility is important.
Operating functions at a glance, information dissemination taxi push one go, as simple and easy as the micro-channel.
But to some degree, there are big differences between them.
In high school, my goal is to get a good University.
I came to a strange city, I come to back to my hometown twice a year; I remember when I was in high school, I went home once a week.
In order to ensure the triumphant completion of the export order, so all staff who in charge of this order.
Every time we open the TV, there are many TV programmes we can choose to watch, different people like different programmes.
I think Morality Survey is a good programme, it can educate us, especially to teenage, it influences our action deeply.
There are some reasons I like it.
In this programme, there are many examples we can watch.
Of course, these examples have positive and negative, but we can learn about lots of knowledge from different examples.
I am very glad to hear that you want to learn English .
English is not easy, but is interesting.
I think you will love it.
First, you should listen to the radio.
you just need to listen for key words and main ideas.
-more, Why not write down our mistakes in our notebooks.
I am writing in resoonse to your advertisement for a tem porary position as a The salesman.
I am a senior high scool.
My hard work has the sense of responsibility ready to help others.
It covers a total area of 12.3 thousand square kilometres (4,749 square miles) with a population of over 11 million.
Benefiting from Dujiangyan Irrigation Project which was constructed in 256 B.
On Thursday morning, in the front of the class is writing two classes.
before solution to decorate our homework.
blackboard.
We are very excited, and each group began distribution tasks, warm scenes exception.
location.
painting for faster and better win.
Nowadays, people's living standards is gradually increasings.
Science and technology are advance.
Computers are used wisely and wisely in the family.
On one hands, online shopping extremely convenient and cheap for people, you needn't go to the mall.
Compare to which is cheaper.
Then, if you unsatisfied, the seller will return of merchandise and displace the new.
On the other hand, online shopping also have the disadvantage.
You can't try on the dress size.
And the seller to poor quality goods for you, and you can't get it immediately, you need to wait two days or longer.
In short, online shopping is rapier.
You need make out the real fake.
As the saying goes  penny wise, pound foolish  .
Personally, I dont think staying indoors for most of the day should be advocated .
people in all ages, their physical conditions permitting, should be encouraged to more time outdoors .
In the past, people in the world often threw litter carelessly.
And the world become more and more dirty now.
Also the water in the river become black.
It's so dirty that people cannot live normally.
So It's very necessary for people to protect our earth.
We should be polite to everyone and help each other.
we must get on well with others.
We also can be a volunteer to pick up litter and introduce YangZhou to others.
He is tall and has a couple of black eyes.
With the rapid development of the economy, more and more people have a tendency to go travelling when they are free.
To begin with, it appears more common phenomenan that a lot of people throw the litter by their hand, which lead to a bad effect.
What's worse, many touristes not only not obey the rule of the scene area, but also they destroy the whole beauty of scenery.
In addition, some people who take their children to tour so as to make their children happy.
Consequently, while these children casually write on the tree, their parents don't prevent them.
Once a upon time, I accompony my parents who have retired to see sea.
When we tired, I let them have a break then I assist them buy several bottle of water at random.
As far as I am concerned, when confronted with the bad phenomenon, we should learn to forbid it at once.
Because it represents one's citivation, if we can't realize the significance of civilization, we are bound to be the out-standing person.
As a good colleage student, it is necessary to protect the culture of scene applying the knowledge to practice.
Apart from, we should appeal to more people to correct the bad habits, even though you have do the same points.
Last but not least, it's our tradition that people should inherit civilization, and promote it rather than destroy our surroudings.
Furthermore, we will creat society full of civilization in the future.
In my opinion i support father's view, there is an old saying in chinese if you want to sweep the world, you should sweep your own floor first.
anyone can say some great things but a few people can do it.
In my understanding, the college life should be colorful, varied and erratic.
What important is the friendship.
It's always exciting to discover how wonderfully diverse college relationships can be.
Of cause, there are study, work and many more also essential.
The courses I take consist of all the required courses.
electives.
In the first two years.
In addition.
Besides.
Before June 2.2008.
When i came my new school, i 'am excited alnd happy.
Have many tall buildings in our school, and a big playground.
My dormitory is very comfortable, and i have five roommates, they are very friendly.
On weekends, i have many courses , but they're very interesting.
My teachers are very serious lectures, and care our life.
I want to improve my grades in university and improve my communication skills.
On the one hand, some people hold the view that the classics are classics because they have stood the test of time.
In retrospect, we would find that almost all the development where build up from the classic before.
The reason for this phenomenon lies in several aspects.
Firstly, students don't spend much time in reading and memorizing the words they learned in the lesson carefully.
Heavy study load takes much of their time.
To change this sitution, We should begin from the following items.
On one hand , the study burden to make the students assign their study time more reasonably.
Finally, for students themselves, they can, through other ways, make them be interested in word spelling.
On one hand, some of them thought it useful for us to use the Internet frequently.
We can get more knowledge and boarden our minds.
We can communicate with our friends and share some interesting things with them as well.
But on the other hand, they thought it bad for our healthy in both physically and mentally.
First of all, it's bad for our eyes.
Then, we can fall in playing games or chatting online.
The Mid-Autumn Festival falls on the 15th of the eighth month of Our Chinese lunar calendar.
So it's necessary for our staff which can't speak foreign language to have it .
The training starts on October 24th, 4 to 6 pm.
If you have any question, please ask me.
As I know, to some students marks means everything.
Because If we don't have good marks, our parents might be unhappy.
They may accuse us.
Therefore, to get good marks, we should study hard and learn moreknowledge.
In China, the government use the exam-oriented education to teach us.
In this way, we are just like studying tool.
What we can do is just listen to the teachers and receive them.
Even if, we need't think by ourselves.
oppositely, if we have experiences, we practice, during this process, we will learn more than just listen to the teachers and receive them.
Not only we have thinked, but also we have got to the work.
It is known to all of us that no one can survive permanently.
So, death with which we have to confront is worth considering deeply.
As is going to say that it is not how many years we live, but rather what we do with them which occurs to me strongly.
Even if you live more than eighty years old or ninety, you contribute nothing to the world then you are useless.
We need more spiritual life instead of only body.
Body just mean that you are live in the world.
Taking Nobel for an example , though he dead in a very young age, his creative and brave spirituals have impressed us.
Setting the Noble Prise is a memory of him .
Time has gone so many years, the Nobel Prize still have greatly influence.
His life is meaningful and it is worthwhile for him to be born in the world.
Food safety is essential to everyone's life.
Increasing attention has been paid to it allover the world.
There are many cases about food safety every year.
In China, food safety inspection is the governmental routine work.
On the one hand, the government puts a number of manpower and material resources to improve the food safety.
On the other hand, the government sets up series of mechanism of rewards and punishments to encourge average people to expose everything that is dangerous to food safety.
Nowadays, we must clearly realize that food safety is not someone's duty.
It is publicity activities.
All of us must work in unity to defend our food safety, which means life security.
As is known to us, this is a hard and long-term war.
By the time we reached the university .
The campus give us a bigger stage to project our own .
We know that being confident on campus may help you live a fruitful and enjoyable life .
they would rather stay at home than go out in their spear time .
We should encourage ourselves to communicate with others.
we must belive ourselves .
Housework is a skill that everyone should learn it.
I was happy and exciting when I stayed in my home alone.
My parents was, on business in Qingdao.
My parents were out.
I invented my friends to come to my home.
We had played computer games for a long time, we shouted and laughted when we won.
In the evening, I cook the meals for my father, and they said I can be a, good cook.
I am sorry to tell you that I have to go home immediately.
For my mother is ill, I must look after her.
I'm sorry I can't attend your speech contest.
If you can get extremely grades in the game, I will be remarkably happy.
If my mom 's condition has improved, I will come back soon.
After then, he remembered his uncle had said, 'the more power you have, the more responsibility you should take.
What's more, I do more exercises in order to improve my study, I decided to try my best in study, and my aim was to make progress in learning.
In a day, if my foreign friends come to my unversity of GUILIN.
because it is very beautiful, l want to make our best to them.
delicious food.
For all words, l believe we will get on well with each other.
The interesting day will finish, but l will never forget it.
Globalization has no doubt swept China and the western culture has inevitably invaded the primitive culture of other countries.
Many Chinese people stand out to appeal to preserve Chinese traditional culture.
Culture is just like an organism.
That seems to be the combination of both the previous and the present.
The reason that western culture can dominate Chinese traditional culture is only because our culture isn't strong enough.
We can but be oppressed by other cultures.
It is the time to maintain our cultural identity and promote the unique identity to other parts of the world.
Only preserve the old culture is useless .
let us try to speak English as much as possible .
It is a good way to improve your English and can make some friends .
What is more what about writing down the mistakes in our note books .
What about this advise .
As is vividly revealed in the picture above, the teacher gives the boy a book of literature.
Reading literature plays an increasingly essential role in our daily life.
For example, we can gain knowledge and solution more problems by reading literature.
Sometimes, we can take full advantage of using our time.
In one word, for college students should read a lot of literature.
Being a movie or singing star not only can be famous but also can make so much money.
But some people think it a little unfair for stars to earn plenty of money.
They consider it too crazy.
On the other hand, someone agree it is fair for stars to earn so much.
They claim that it is very difficult for stars to become famous.
In my view, I agree stars have their high income .
They work around the clock.
I didn't know what to do.
So I just got out of bed slowly and quietly.
I lingered around in the bedroom where I heard the voice with a frightened look.
I got out of the bed, the floor creaked .
I walked as carefully as I could and finally reached the lamp.
'I wipered at the dog.
Holding the lamp tightly in my hand, I opened my door and crept into the corridors, trying not to make a sound.
Now I could here the sound more clearly.
Distant creaks and groans echoed eerily along the corridors.
As we were moving towards the room where the noise came from, I could feel my teeth trembling terribly.
'It didn't take long before we reached the room.
I took a deep breath , and opened the door.
I could not make out a thing at first when I suddenly saw something hanging on the celling of the room.
I was utterly paralysed, not able to move.
It goes without saying that the development of tourism boosts the local economy.
Despite the fascinating benefits, we're also confronted with severe problem due to the expanding volume of tourists.
It's necessary for us to strike a balance between the advantages and disadvantages brought by tourism.
For example, the government should take every measures to inform tourists that whatever harms the preservation of the cultural relics is prohibited.
Still this is far from enough.
As far as I know, much of the damage was not done deliberately.
As for snow-capped YuLong mountain, the carbon dioxide discharged by visitors resulted in the heating of the mountain, which is melting now.
The tourists volume must be restricted in some places of interests.
My first school year in college Sept.9, 2009, I official become a member of CYU.
Something about what's the school like.
With a whole series of questions and longing of college, I arrived the school.
I felt not bad at that moment.
In the first year of my college life, I haven't taken part in any organization and corporation.
I just joined Badminton Association, but I never attended the trainning.
Such as late for class, run away the class and a bit of lazy.
Although sometimes we have a few contradictions each other, we're freiends forever.
When I have difficulty in my study or in my daily life, you're always come to my help.
Without you, I am very lonely.
Because of you, my life becomes more wonderful.
Thanks for your encouragement and love all the way.
In the past year, sadness, happiness, exciting, moving.
Different people have taken different attitudes.
People who hold the first view think that group cooperative learning is beneficial for our study.
Many students are fed up with traditional teaching method, however, group study brings them a lot of bran-new feelings.
In contrast, those who hold the opposite opinion believe that group study is not very appropriate.
Group study may distract students's attentions.
As to me, I'm in favor of group study.
We all know that two heads are better than one.
Your partners can provide you with a lot of new knowledge.
Meanwhile group study will help build good and lasting friendship among the group members.
The firet time i travel is at the age of six to Hainan.
I wnt to there by plain, and air company is air china.
Hainan is very beautiful and it was also very hot.
I went to seaside.
Some of people went to have a swimming.
Other people went to diving.
At that time, i choose go diving with my father.
But I don't thank of water is too cool for me.
I afraid went off ship.
At last, i just took photoes in the sea.
The earth knows that Hainan is rich in coconut.
Coconut trees on both sides of the road.
So, coconut was very cheap.
I like drinking coconut juice.
I like to look at the different views of different places, different folk customs.
Last summer holiday, I went to Ningbo by bus.
I could not believe my eyes, the sea was so blue and the beach was so golden.
The headman was very serious, they shouted at us in high voice and swore at us, their quality is low.
I went to the office to asked for leave, the headman wanted me to continue working, so she didn't let me have a rest.
That summer holiday is the most unforgettable.
Obama is the first African-American President in American history .
I first knew him when I was in high school .
At that time, all the people were talking about him .
His father leaved his mother and him to pursue a Ph.
Father in law put her daughter's hands to the bridegroom.
I want to introduce a mester that has inspired people during the world war two.
He hasn't gun or other weapon.
He just used his humor that expressed by acting .
The mester is Charlie Chaplin, a actor who used nonverbal acting to made people laugh at a time when in the flames of war.
Nowadays.
just as the saying goes every coin has its two sides  .
On one hand, in my opinion.
i think science is good for our life.
because it can Promote human progress.
such as medical.
diet and so on.
long longago.
, we didn't have Effective drugs, so, There may be many deaths .
but now.
But on the other hands, science will bring some disadvantages, such as ecological pollution.noise pollution.
As far as i am concernd.
We haven't seen each other for a week.
I am writing to tell you something about upcoming Englinsh speech contest.
As you know, Englinsh speech contest is coming.
The students who take part in the contest are actively preparing for it.
I'd like to invite you as a judge.
You can give the students some suggestions.
And the contest will be held in the school hall.
This summer holiday, i join in the football match in Chaoyang District.
We have started train since the start of term.
Often went back home very late and there is not enough time to review and write.
Because my teammates was very strong, so I've been sitting on the bench.
Only a few minutes.
We was not in vain.
One day my English teacher's throat was hoarse.
At the second class, He take a suger which could make his throat batter, open it, take the suger to his mouth, and stuff the trash to his pocket.
Once upon a time.
He speak about wipe the blackboard .
With the development of our country .
People become more richer.
Wherever you go.
you will see many cars on the road.
They look just like a long river around us.
They cause the heavy traffic and even traffic events.
And when we go out with our car.
We usually spend lots of time on the road .
So some times the car are not convenient to us but also waste our time .
They not only affect our life but also affect our healthy.
With more cars on the road.
The more pollution will be produced.
The air pollution causes a lot of diseases.
And also make our environment bad.
We should consider the bus first .
It is cheap and also convenient .
If there is no bus stop on the way.
And then I believe if you do like this.
As can be seen from the questionnaire ,72% people access to information through television , and 12% people rely on newspaper .
As far as I'm concerned , the newspaper is more desirable .
For one thing , compared with the television news , news reports is more depth which can help us acquire more information .
For another , reading newspaper is not limited by time .
So we can access to information whenever we want .
Perhaps the prime reason is that reading newspapers needs to activate the brain which is in favor of improving our intelligence .
From the analyses above , we can draw the conclusion that the newspaper is a better source of news .
The woman is my mother.
Once, I was poor at English composition.
From that time, I recite English words for an hour every morning.
Besides, I take English notes carefully in every English class.
As far as I am concerned, diligence is the most important factor of study.
We should study as the early bird.
Every day, we ought to prepare our lessons in advance.
I hold the view that the early bird catches the worm.
In many times, we are just one step away from success.
Deligence plays a vital role in learning.
If we intend to be successful, we must be diligent.
Death penalty has been existing for thousands of years .
However , in such a modern and civilized era, it has been a yoke for the development of society .
So some people share the opinion that it is high time to abolished the death penalty .
Cause I am neither a victim nor a criminal of any crimes, to show my opinion objectively , I think the death penalty is really a step back in such a world which weighs so much on human rights .
Of course , I agree that all men are born with equal rights .
However , even in such an advanced society , there still exist many unequal situations , in other word , we can say some cases of injustice.
In the current world , there is no country that could declare its judicial system is flawless, so sometimes it is very likely to condemn some undeserved or even innocent people to death.
I agree that the death penalty could not cater to the need of society's development , and it should be abolished.
But I have to point out that though the death penalty could be prevented , the cost of living is higher than that .
Sometimes , to leave them alive is a much more painful torture than to kill them .
Hello.
I'm W.
There are many advantages.
For example, it will be easy to contact with our parents and friends.
But there are also problems.
First, phone calls will influence teachers and classmates.
Second, using phones to send notes and chat will waste our time and money.
Last, some students may play games in class or even worse, cheat during exams.
Depending all these, I suggest students who bring phones to school should not use phones in class, don't play games and never use phones to cheat.
Perhaps, of all the people in a his life, a grandmother holds a special place.
She was born in the early 20th century with a head of grey hair, slightly hunching over and her face is seamed with age.
She is a traditional women, having the admirable virtues.
She came from a good family.
My great-grandfather was a gambler and was missing when my grandfather was young.
I was the youngest junior of hers and also her favorite.
My parents was too busy with their work, nearly have time to stay with me a whole day, so I was brought up by my great-grandmother.
It was my great-grandmother who was a great teacher and made me an upright, honest and warm-hearted person.
  She told me that respect the olds even you don't like them, because what they come though is worth respecting.
In some aspects, she will be strict on others.
For example, she never allows others to waste food.
I remembered when I was a child, every time she saw the food I was not finished in the bowl, she would criticize me.
She told us we should cherish others' perspiration and fruits of labor.
Now she is oldness, I am a college student.
That is my admirable grandmother, thrifty, considerate, strong, kind, and the wisest person that I have ever seen, even if she couldn't read.
She influenced all my life and I respect her forever.
In modern society , people produce the waste every day, and the waste become more and more seriously .
As for as I am concerned, waste sorting is a must.
I remember , Shakespeare said, Do not , for one repulse, forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort  .
College students less capacity to deal with frustration.
At the beginning of, I have not voted into.
The second , parents can teach students business experience.
, Don't give up hope.
Nowaday, shopping online is very popular.
We can buy everything you need at home.
You save time to do other thing.
If things you want abroad, the best choice is shopping online.
Second, you can get your things fastly, if you are in an emergency.
Third, shopping online is very cheap.
But every coin has two sides.
The quality online is not sure.
Maybe, the sellers give you wrong goods because of their careless.
At the very beginning, you should open account of yourself on the Internet.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
Switzerland is in the middle of the Europe which covers an area of forty-one thousands squire kilometres.
It has a population of seven milion and five hundred thousand, so it is not a big country.
I want to go to Switzerland because it has a great view and it's called ''The World Garden''.
Switzerland is next to Austra, France, Italy and Germany.
Just like many other European countries, Switerland has a great producton.
But now, in today's word many persons worry about us.
They think we have many disadvantages.
For example, we are to self because we don't like cooperation.
And what's more, they also don't think we have enough perseverance.
So it's easy for us to give up something that we are doing.
Besides, they think we are the blind pursuit of success and too eager to succeed.
Secondly, as far as I'm concerned, I think it's too arbitrary to criticize us.
We also have many advantages.
One of them are that we dare to face challenges.
And the more advantages need you find.
It's all content of my speech.
Today, English is full of our school, since small school, middleschool and hight school, English speaking is an usual for students.
First, students didn't have an English envernment.
The people all of use arounding, bouth spoken Chinese, no people speak English, so, we don't want to speak it.
Then, English is to hard to study, the word is too hard to read and rember, and the speaking of English is too hard too.
I think there were many ways too.
T think at school, teacher and students should prove the interesting things in English, and take them spealing the word more and more.
Then tow or therrw student can made up a tearm to study English.
They can speaking, talking in English each other, make English homework together, and so on.
Last, sutdent can come to The Great Wall, wangfujing, gugong, East dan, the place where forenger peopel lost.
Nowdays, the phenomenon of fake commodities is very common.
We may buy fake commodities on the street as well as on the Internet.
As is known, fake goods really do harm to us.
For example, when we spend much money on some expensive goods, it is offensive to find what we have bought are faked.
Without any quality assurance, fake commodities will be broken easily and we can find nowhere to fix them.
What's more, fake foods are harmful to consumers' health.
I want to be the pursuit of life enrichment in the 4 years .
We are not children .
This is my plan .
As you know, we are going to hold a seminar next week, and I want to check details for it with you.
I have reserved a room at Shushan hotel and the room number is 201.
And then, May I remind you to confirm the schedule with security.
The reason, which is obvious to all, can be listed as follows.
Firstly, college life is different from the time during senior high school.
Secondly, people always do what others doing, college students are easily form a bad habit if one person have it.
In light of the seriousness of the problem, due attention has to be paid to this issue, in the first place, college students should be aware of the harm of the unhealthy habits and develop the realization of cultivation of good habits.
As we know, we are living in a globalized world.
At last, what the most important thing is that how to cooperate with each other.
In my view, firstly, we should treat everyone as equal as possible, because everyone has an important effect on one team.
But in the meanwhile, we should also overcome one's weaknesses by acquiring other's strong points.
Next we should communicate well with others to improve efficiency.
Of course what's more, sharing information is also essential, so that it can keep each other updated on new ideas.
Just as old saying goes, many hands make light work.
Different from other tourism attractions, such as the carnival, the zoo, the amusement part, etc.
There are many kinds of love in the world.
Nevertheless parents love is the greatest.
Mother's love always warm, help us in our difficult all the time.
Father's love is severe, when we make mistakes can give us the correct guidance.
If the mother's love is like water deep, then we can say the father's love is like a mountain of heavy.
When I am very small, they told us what thing we should do, and how to do.
Tell me a lot of story, let us know many.
I think is they duty before.
Becase of a photo, many netizen paid attention to the heavy road traffic.
juding from the information above, many drivers and cyclists ignore the traffic lights or other vehicles and they often occupy the lanes they must not go.
According to my analysis, I think it is a time of everyone that accidents will happen to drivers as well as cyclists and pedestrians.
Each of us should care of others and obey the rules.
J-29 Sales Confirmation , we are glad to tell you that all the goods you ordered have been shipped by S.
Therefore so many students apply for a high salary job.
As we all know, we are what we eat.
Therefore, it is important for us to form healthy eating habits.
Since the bad habits, like particular were deteriorating drastically in China.
In China, children are caught by holding their hands so not as to getting frustrated and angry.
Adults think that learning should take place by continual shaping and molding, which is the reason why young children at work can have facility.
What's more, in terms of attitude to creativity, Chinese attaches great importance to the tradition and evolve to a point equally original gradually.
Whilst in America, when children learn something, adults think the critical point is the process and that one can cope with a problem effectively by himself.
Each style of learning has their own strengths.
After the entrance of the con tat.
We get into college.
At present, most of us live in dormitories, and now, there is a hot debate over two views.
Nowadays, some person is in favor of the dormitory.
And they think that the dormitory life is not only wonderful but also the members of the dormitory can support each other.
They think too many people lodge together.
There is some truth in both arguments, I am fond of living in the dormitory that in my opinion because I am able to make many friends.
When I suffer some trouble.
They can support me.
And I think the advantages of the dormitory life is overweight the disadvantages of family life.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our questions were about studying, watching TV, going online, helping with housework and exercise.
There are only forty percent of the students study by themselves.
And twenty-five percent spending weekends watching TV or listening to music.
I think it's a good way to relax.
But twenty percent use the internet on weekends.
Most students use it for fun and not for homework.
The answers about watching TV were also interesting.
It's too bad.
It's good to relax by using the internet or watching TV, but we think the best to relax is through exercise.
It's healthy for us.
He is famous for the song called The Yellow River.
He wrote it in 1939.
He was born in Macao, China,1905.
But he died when he was 40, 1945.
He was called the People's Musician.
Because he usually used traditional Chinese music.
When he was very young , he studied in Paris.
As we all recognize, writing is one of the most important things for student to improve their English.
Then what should you pay attention to is unquestionably a problem.
Nevertheless I intend that we should pay due attention to spelling.
Today, quite a few students treat spelling with indifference in learning English.
Students would like to pay more attention to article's genre, diction and syntax.
I always hear some teachers say:  With the exception of some spelling mistakes, the composition is fairly good.
I deduce two reasons for this phenomenon : First, as for the Chinese students, English spelling presents special difficulties.
So they do not like to spend too much time reciting words.
Second, it is a challenge to distinguish the similar words.
In this case, a good way to avoid spelling problem is to memorize more, write more and practice more.
I suppose that checking and marking spelling mistakes is necessary when you finish it.
It is an extremely good habit to improve this situation.
It is widely noted that traditional culture is disappearing along with the development of technology.
A number of reasons are responsible for this.
First of all, the traditional culture has not get enough attention.
Some people even don't realize what is the traditional culture.
Secondly, most of the people as for traditional culture have misunderstood.
They believe that traditional culture must be stand for the out of date skills and feudalism which a wrong mind.
As far as I am concerned, the traditional culture already less and less, we should pay more attentions to traditional culture.
My parents are farmers.
So they have a strong impact on me.
l respect parent very much.
My parents experience tell me that if you want to get what you want do it by making your geart efforts.
From my point of view, virtual college will not replace the current system of higher education.
The current system of higher education play an important role to a certain extent.
The traditional school will never go away.
Many students need to learn many things from teachers face to face, they can learn more quickly and easily in this way.
All in all, students should not study on the Internet entirely.
Aithough the Internet and the virtual college is playing a more and more important part with the development of society, they also have dreadful aspects.
For example, they make people communicate less and stay at home.
The virtual college can support us success, but the current system of higher education is also necessary.
Nowadays, there is a heated debate about to be a small fish in a big pond or a big fish in a small pond.
Those in favor of it insists that a small fish in a big pond is good for their development.
They not only can learn more about the world, but also can adapt to the competition well.
What  s more , big companies have more study space.
Last but not least , they also have a bigger space to play.
However they believe that a big fish in a small pond is wonderful.
Firstly, they are leader, so they can leader to more people.
This can make them satisfied with the circumstance.
Secondly, they have more free space .
As for as I am concerned, I want to be a small fish in a big pond.
As the old saying that goes  It is never too old to learn  .
I can learn more about in the modern society, in which we require a sense of competition.
Technology is core of a country.
people.
Sometimes, it also takes us some problem.
With the develop of technology, we can learn some perfect things from productions of technology.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large export order.
People whose foreign language is bad.
The courses will start at 3:00pm in the conference room.
Forget about forgetting an injury.
That's not always possible and maybe at time not even desirable.
All the great thing must from confidence.
There is no doubt that confidence can make you succeed.
Well, there is an old saying that confidence from great ability.
equip you with knowledge.
So, you must try your best to study hard.
All in all, confidence is very important to everyday.
The clear sky promisses fine weather.
As the saying goes, There is no certainty, only opportunity.
When I saw that one of the AIDS patient of pictures, I was very shocked.
It is difficult to think of there are so many people are suffering from pain.
This is a lot of people are unexpected.
Then I feel sad.
It is thought-provoking and we often come to realize how weak life.
And now I deeply felt a kind of powerlessness.
It makes me feel frustrated.
And if you lost in charge, our school will pay the bill.
If you do not think it is bright enough, then please do something to make it brighter.
The world culture is aconsist of diffience nation and diffience country cultural .
China economy develop is not depart from the world, they are intimate connection.
The western country is consider that our country is coloful, extensive and profund, and the source is so long .
Enter to 21 centry, with the development of the economy, our country economy strengthen is rise.
The minster Dengxiaoping who carry out the reform development policy.
Since that, the China go out and achieve the well-off society.
So, we are learning a lesson.
It\'s necessary to communicate with neighbouring country, it contribution to our country develop.
Inheirt and uphold the traditional virues is our duty.
Nowday, required class attendance is very common at college and university.
Most people accept it.
They think it's a necessary policy to ensure the normal teaching order and create a good study atmosphere.
The most important is it can urge those students who lack self-control.
However, some others do not agree this.
In their opinion, rigid attendance policies do not benefit students'studies.
As far as I am concerned, I am in favor the latter opinion.
Required class attendance may secure one hundred percent attendance for a class, bue it does not make much sense.
A student may never be absent in a course, but who knows whether or not he is just sitting there daydreaming all the time.
In the modern society, more and more parents make decision for their children instead of themselves.
They don't believe their children have ability to solve problems independently.
And they won't to give children a wonderful life.
A part of parents spend too much time paying attention to their children's life.
They try to determine and disturb their children's future.
But it isn't a good behavior for children, which has a bad effect on children's future.
First of all, children have their own thought, parents should respect them.
If you always negate their choice, they will become shy and be afraid of expressing their ideas later on.
They are supposed to have a happy childhood.
Parents don't have rights to prevent children's interest.
Sencondly, It's important for children to learn how to responsibility.
Children are so young that they lack of experience.
As a result, they may make a wrong choice.
Prents have better not obstruct them.
It will be a better lesson for children than parents' simply preach.
They will learn more from their mistakes.
Besides, Children will grow up and leave theie parents.
They will face to difficulties and deal with them by themselves in the future.
If only their thought will not cause dangerous or can't be imagined result , parents don't have to prevent them .
The New Britain Museum of American Art is an art museum in New Britain, Connecticut.
Now, on a college campus to be late, truancy is a common phenomenon .
Because some students often play computer game and sleeping in the dormitory inside .
Aslo some students often go out to play .
Ensure that students of university education of the importance of attendance .
should focus on students' education .
Don't be late left early and absent from class .
It can help us understand very knowledge .
The campus and students pursue brand in the university.
For this phenomenon, many people against it.
However, in my opinion, I am so agree it .
Because it can improve students' view of value.
It can also allow them to pursue better things.
Therefore, In order to get the better things, they will be more efforts and make themselves become more outstanding.
So in this case, this phenomenon will bring positive influence to students.
On the contrary, if the students form the psychological treatment, it would bring them bad influence.
In short, the situation has advantages and disadvantages.
But it depends on the attitude of students.
Some people think that high school students should get online frequently.
The reasons are as follows.
In the first place, getting online can get knowledge and broaden their horizons.
Secondly, high school students can communicate with their friends and share their favourite things.
Finally, getting online can relax themselves.
However, some people hold a different opinion .
On the one hand, it is bad for eyes.
On the other hands, they may lose themselves in chatting and games.
Valentine's Day is becoming more and more popular all over the world recently years.
This fesital was set up to the memory of Saint Valentine, who was died on 14th , Februaly.
However, there are many legends of Valentine.
One story suggest that Valentine may have been killed for attempting to help Churstians escape harsh Roman prisons where they were often beaten and tortured.
Unfortunately, he failed and was arrested.
While in prison, he cured the blindness of the warden's daughter, who visited him during his confinement.
Before his death, it is alleged that he wrote her an letter, which he signed  From your Valentine, an expression that is still used today.
Although the true behine the Valentine is murky, the story certainly emphasize his appeal as a sympathetic, heroic, and, most importantly, romantic figure.
Different countrier and different time have different customs to celebrate it.
In the time of Queen Vatoria, a person who want to marry his sweetheart would take off his left sock and wear it in right foot for 7 days before Valentine Day.
In Italy, people would stick love notes on the Juliet wall.
In addition, some of them would sing love songs to exptess their emotion face to face.
Now, the customs are changed.
People are more willing to send rose or chocolate in western Europe as well as America.
What's more, different quantity of rose have different meanings.
If you only send one rose, it suggest that you will devote yourself to your love; If you send 99 roses, it infers that you want to stay together with your sweetheart forever.
Fatigue is one of the most common complaints brought to doctors, friends, and relatives.
Actually, the cause of morden-day fatigue are diverse and only rarely relate to excessive physical exertion.
There are three main categories of fatigue, physical, pathological, psychological.
For the fist one, the cure is simple and fast: you rest.
But for the second, you should have a through physical checkup.
If you really want to solve these problems, just begun from diet.
For peak energy in the morning, be sure to eat a proper breakfast, low in surger and faily high in protein, Regular conditioning exercise, help you to resist fatigue by increasing your body's ability to handle more of a work load.
If you know you're tired, get to bed earlier.
My most unforgettable experience was my childhood.
Whenever I remember it, a smile is on my face.
To begin with, in my childhood, my achievement was very great in school.
Classmates and teachers liked me.
My parents liked me.
They believed I was a smart and diligent girl.
They respected and admired me.
I felt very proud.
When other students had problems of study.
I always could assist them.
So I have made many friends.
Meanwhile I took part in various competitions and contests, of course, I won many prizes.
Second, in childhood, I have little pressure.
I need not do a lot of homework.
I have much time to play, to watch TV.
My parents cooked meals for me and washed my clothes.
I need not worry about them.
In addition, my parents always gave me much pocket money.
But now, I must face a lot of pressure.
First, work, finding a job is easy, however, hunting for a proper job is rather difficult.
So I have to study hard and do much exercise whenever it is.
I seldom have leisure time.
For example, I must look after my parents.
I should give them pocket money every month, not giving me any more.
I must support me.
So money is very important for me.
In fact, our pressures will be increasing with our growing up.
Finally, I miss my childhood forever.
My name is Z.
l have a handsome father, a kind mother , a lovely sister .
What is more.
I Will make full use of everyday.
Nowadays, the number of students taking the online courses is very increasing.
Computers are playing an increasingly important role in our daily life .
conveniently.
Teachers will use computer to evaluate and help their students.
All those make learning easier for everyone at any time and at any place .
But when i took the online course , i found it not as good as others think.
In fact , i could not draw my attention to my course well , because of the computer games.
My name is S, and my English name is Sam.
Now, I am a staff in a supermaket called OuShang.
It was I love my work.
After work, i will listen music to relax myself.
But sometimes I would make m y teacher angry, for example, o nce I ate candies in her class, .
I n 2010, , I came to Beijing, a modern city where I began my college life.
We learnt knowledge together.
They understand my feelings, they love me very much.
T hey would always cook my favourite foods and meet all my requests if I worked hard in my school.
But I really hope they were live now.
In my hometown, we have some t important custome, for example, after the Spring Festival, some people would sing and dance from a village to another, many people would watch in a circle and applaud loudly.
W e played cards and watched TV together.
So I always played with some little children.
Now I am studying English in Z.
At my free time, I often go to some interest places with my roommates, such as Tiananmen Square, the Great Wall, Wangfujing Street.
Most of my classmates think that high school students get online can broaden our horizons.
We can learn a lot of things on the Internet.
We can share our happyness with our friends and chat with them as well.
On the other hand, we can play games on the computer for we can relax ourselves.
But in my opinion, computers is bad for us.
Our eyes will be more and more bad through we get online.
And teenagers can not control theirselves.
They always fall in games and chatting.
Anyway, the Internet is bad for us.
But if we use it in correct ways.
The dog is man's most loyal friend.
As you know, I was admitted to my dream university and now I am studying in it, which makes me very excited.
As a result, there is a great demand for us to read a great deal of books.
And what we may as well read really counts.
Books, in my opinion, vary in different aspects.
Some books are to be digested, some to be tasted and some only need to take a bit.
As for me, I am fond of architecture and literature, so I will introduce the books, like  Mies in America  (written by Phyllis Lambert)and  WEST MEETS EAST - MIES VAN DER ROHE  (written by Werner Blaster), to the lovers of architecture.
All in all, university students actually need to read many kinds of books, such as books about religion, art, psychology etc.
Reading is a rewarding experience for us and the more we read, the wiser we will be.
I'd love to share my experiences with you.
I'm L, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
This is the first time that you have came to china, so keep an eye on the temperature and have a healthy diet is necessay.
As a consequence of the different culture between China and America, the life there may trouble you in some aspects.
If you want to ask somebody for help about the problem, the student in our class can give you a valuable heip.
They are warmhearted and ready to give a helping hand to you.
Time permitting, we expect to hold a cultural communication, in order to improve our language level, acquire knowledge broaden our horrizons from different culture.
I really wanted to travel to HongKong.
Beijing education authorities recently announced plans to reduce the points for the English portion of the college entrance examination from 150 to 100.
Those in favour of the change hope that it will spark a positive shift in priorities and students will focus more on their Chinese language skills.
Personally, I disapprove of this change.
It goes without saying that students will pay less attention to English because of it.
As China plays a key role in today's globalized economy, English proficiency is no longer a bonus; it's a necessity.
Living in an international city, we cannot help some foreigners without fluent English.
To sum up, what motivates us to learn English is not only to deal with the exam, but also to become qualified global citizens.
When it comes to hero, people generally think they must have some power of mysterious, like the green arrow, the Flash, the Spider-man.
As far as Zam Concered, everyone can be a hero, just like the four ordinary people, they don't have superpowers, they are ordinary people, they have family, have child, have a work and have a ordinary heart.
They are good fathers.
Mabe that day like as usual they took a flight; and do something they have to do, but something happened to the flight.
But they did unusually things after the flight crashes.
For example, Lenny Skutnik jumping into the water to drag an injured woman to shore and the man who passed the lifeline on to anther passengers when they lowered a lifeline and flotetion ring to him.
This is a great and touched action.
He could have survied, but what makes him do such a hard to understand things even if risk his life.
Like the Lenny Skutnik said: It's something I never thought I would do but the fact is he really did it.
I think when the disasters happened, he realized somebody had to stand out and somebody had to go in the water.
Yet whatever moved these men to challenge death on behalf of their fellows is not peculiar to them.
Everyone feels the possibility in himself.
The college is so different from the imagine of us.
L don't have much leisur time on campus.
The homework as much as that in our High School and it's more difficult than before.
The leisure time is so little that it becomes precious.
When I pick it up, I nearly forget all the things, I just remember the soft sunshine and comfortable air of summer.
Some of my staff should train the foreign language, because of the export order.
The people who in charge of the order should attend the training.
The courses will start at 9 o'clock on 30th October in the meeting room.
I'm very glad to invite you to see the concert with me.
It is a very celebrated concert for youth which has been played by Back Stree Boy in many campus.
If you want to go please call me.
I will wait for you at the library gate at 6:30pm on sunday.
During World War II, Winston Churchill was a well-known and influential Prime Minister .
Besides, he was also endowed with reputation as one of the greatest orators of the twentieth century.
From the text Speech on Hitler's Invasion of the U.
R  , we can learn some stylistic features of churchill's speech .
In the following passages, I will analyse the stylistic features of Churchill's speech from two aspects.
First, as we know, in order to catching up their listener's attention in an arresting string of sounds, churchill enhance the impact of his words and ideas.
In fact, he was a master of this technique .
For example:  we shall fight him by hand, we shall fight him by sea, we shall fight him in the air.
In this part , the poetic rhythm and flow of the language can easily claim our attention.
What's more , churchill's speeches contains the lexical features.
Firstly, Churchill was favors on short and homely words .
A good public speaker should let the language which in his speech be immediately accessible to the audience's comprehension .
For example, 'I see them guarding the fields which their fathers have tilled from time immemorial.
I see them guarding their homes where mothers and wives pray.
Generally speaking.
as a successful speaker.
Churchill demonstrates qualities of logic thought, forceful and beautiful language in his public speechHis eloquent speech.
which takes the feature of prose.
I'm so glad that i have some leisure time on campus when i can pursue my hobbies.
I spend most of my extra time traveling , reading, talking on the lnternet with my best friend who is in Beijing, talking and shopping with my real life friends.
I can really relax myself and breath fresh air at this time.
Especially i feel sad.
Moreover, i also take part in lots of socities to make friends and learn other knowledge.
There i will get along well with them.
The most important i can get much happiness.
Ultimately, i sincerely said: without leisure-time hoppy, it's hard to get really happiness and abilities for me.
Love is like something in our lives we experience an emotion which defies definition, meanwhile, marriage is also defies the description.
As regards a boyfriend, most of girl students suppose personality is the most important factors, it's take up 31%.
Nowadays personality is really a popular part in our life.27% of them look for boy's abilities.14% of them suppose appearance is important, however, I really don't think so.
And 17%of them look for common interest and goals.
As for a happy life,68.2%of girl students suppose that marriage and family is the most important aspect, this is also the most common views.19.7%of them suppose career is indispensable, because is the guarantee to a stable life.
And only 9.1%of them look for money directly.
In my opinion, all of these factors have an effect.
First, if we go out, please take a bus or go there by bike because it can help us to save a lot of energy.
Third, when we leave a room, please turn off the lights.
There is a serious sexual imbalance in different subjects in universities nowadays.
Therefore, some people come up with an idea that the number of male and female students should be same in every subject.
First of all, the gender, to some degree, decides different abilities between males and females.
Most of us know the truth that males are good at logic, science and physics while females are talent about linguistics and liberal art.
As an illustration, the great mass of male teachers teach logic, architecture and math.
However, many female teachers teach linguistics and literature.
What's more, males are stronger than females so they can do some manual work but females cannot, such as workers on the construction plant.
Students should choose subjects that they are really interested in and schools can't make arrangements for them.
Provided that schools use force to plan students' subjects, some students will not go to classes because they dislike the lessons and the rest of the students will take classes in a careless way.
Last but not least, some special subjects have strict sexual requirements.
Although some of us would not like to admit this, companies or governments have sexual requests even sexual discrimination.
A case in point is that some companies often add some extra conditions when they recruit employees, for example, these positions are only available for male(female)  .
All in all, I disagree the opinion that universities should accept the same number of male and female students in every subject.
One of my favourite books is The Lost World, by the famous writer Arthur Conan Doyle.
It tells some breathtaking stories about a reporter named Malone, and his companions Summerlee and Challenger, the two professors.
He is so hot-head that he intends to do something crazier than giving report.
Luckily, he gets a chance to do an interview on a scientific meeting, which is giving by Professor Challenger, who insists there is a lost world on the Earth.
At last, Challenger decides to let Summerlee see the lost world by himself.
That's how Malone gets another big chance to be famous.
Lord also takes part in the group as an explorer.
My favourite part of the book is when the four of them stuck at the foot of the plateau.
However, they need to climb up.
So they have to discuss a way.
Challenger finds that they can cut down a tree which grows at the edge of the cliff.
The Lost World is a great book.
I read it for the first time when I was ten.
It is not only an adventure story but also a philosophy book.
Conan Doyle describes the types of dinosaurs and the unknown creatures.
It shows people how they think about the magic nature world.
It is full of professional knowledge of creature and science.
It is even been act as an exciting and full of imagination of the adventures of exploring new things.
E-book is a production of times.
On the one hand, it is indeed a convenient way to obtain the latest works from the internet.
What you should do is just to click the mouse and you will get the literature works you want .
For this aspect, people who is lazy can reduce much troubles.
On the other hand, long times spend on reading online will be harmful to our eyes .
It is obviously that radiation from machines do great harm to our bodies.
As far as I am concerned, people, especially, us students had better to use the real books for our reading matter.
First , reading books can make us calm.
When you read books, you will have a concrete feeling.
Second, real books have less print mistakes than e-book .
So readers will not misled by it.
Finally, some content of e-books may be pirate .
As some businessmen want to get more illegal profit, they just plagiarize ohters works.
I have been China for days to join in the Experience China activity.
It's not neccessary for you to worry about me.
Chinese family living with me makes me relaxed.
First of all, I had some friends who study with me and do some sports with me.
It was really kind of them.
And then, I had a visit to many scenic spots and historic sites of Beijing, and it was all geart.
Peking Opera made me intesest.
The most attractive thing for me was tasting Chinese food.
Surely, I also learned about Chinese history from local people.
What's more, I was on time for Spring Festival.
Above all, I love the life here.
Although leaves are die, we don't sad.
Before winter comes, the sky is blue.
Sometimes it's very clear with no wind.
And the setting sun is thin.
Before winter comes, my life is fun.
When I tired, I always listen the voice of rain, I also enjoy the autumn of leaves.
As college enrollment year after year, and the rising number of college students, a huge tremendous business opportunities of college travel consumer market is emerging, students travel market is becoming a new highlight of the Chinese travel market, so on the basic of the full research of the status quo on the college tourism market, according to its characteristics and prospects, and then establish the tourism market development strategies, it has a strong practical significance and a high economical value.
Undergraduate tourism market is a potential market which hasan urgent need to develop and improve.
As long as tourism enterprises based on the characteristics of undergraduate tourism market, taking the right development strategy and it will form a blowout  of undergraduates tourism boom.
When it comes to the leisure time , the ways people take advantage of it are different.
Some people suppose that it is important to use leisure time for activities that improve the mind, such as reading and doing word puzzles.
The reasons for it are as follows.
activities that improve the mind for a long time, he can copy with things in study or work better because his ability to think and create is improved.
Second, by doing these activities, one is less likely to be impetuous.
On the contrary, one is more likely to be in meditation.
However, some people feel that it is important to rest the mind during leisure time.
They believe that the rest of the mind insures the high working efficiency in that your mind is energetic after rest.
Besides, the rest of the mind can help people feel less nervous in the stressful society, which benefits the psychological health of people.
Great changes have taken place since you left.
When I was young.
My mother said when you started to walk , you are so careless and it is your father who paid more attention to you.
He was so patient .
No matter how busy he was, he would set aside some time teaching you, and showed more patience to you  The first time I learn how to ride a bike.
Tt was my father guide me.
He told me how to do to prevent falling.
I finally can ride a bike.
When I was in middle school.
My teacher was very angry with me when I did something wrong.
so my father should go to school and help freeing myself from that.
Now I am in university .
My father always give me free.
As far as I am concerned it is for me to do something myself.
So I want to find a job and light my father's work.
But I did not find any thing to do for myself.
so I suppose I was always depend on my father.
I want to be more excellent and do any thing myself.
So I should work extremely hard.
I'm quite satisfied with my college life, but there is still some room for improvement.
Recently, a reality talent show called the Voice of China has received a lot of praises and encouragement.
The judges sit on a chair which can turn round with pushing the red botton on its arm.
So this can guarantee that the judges wont't see the apperance of the singers until they turn round the chair, which means they appreciate him and want him to join their teams.
The moment more than one judeg turn round, the initiative comes to the singer.
In my opinion, the highlight of the talent show is the right which is owned by not only the judges but also the singers.
Obviously, it's true and fair.
The apperance won't disturb the choice of judges.
 There is a traditional concept that students should be required to do homework.
However, if everyone does the same homework, we will lack autonomous thinking, which doesn't benefit in our study.
You're a student.
Everyday you have a lot of homework, which makes you get tired of studying.
Therefore you suppose that one day you would have no homework so that you can have more time to do your own business.
Love of family is loving my mother and father, and siblings I have .
It's my life to live.
Lucy is an American who lives in New York.
She went for a trip to Beijing last week.
There were a lot of famous places in Beijing.
Lucy was very excited because she could learn a lot about China.
She took some photos and bought many things.
Lucy stayed in Beijing for four days and at last she flew back to New York.
As an old saying goes, Time flies days come and go.
There are two things I have always wanted to do--become Hacker and change the Electronic sports.
But I can't do it, the reasons can be list as follows.
important thing for me, so I have no time to do what I want to do.
On the other hand, my parents don't allowed me to play computer, they hope I can go to a good university.
In the past, I followed the wishes of their parents, Learning to learn.
First, I met a group of friends, one of them did I wanted to do and encouragements me.
Then when I was in senior Middle school, I entered a body art class.
The learning atmosphere made me did't want to learn anything and I learned didn't go to school.
Now, I enter university, there are many worth making and I think I can continue to my ideals.
The life was changed for me because all the friends can help me.
It's a self-reliant sort of life.
Influenced by the United States, some Chinese people tend to use tomorrow's money today.
Recently a Beijing information company did a survey of student life among more 700 students in Beijing, Guangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Shanghai, Wuhan, Nanjing and Shenyang.
The statistics show that 33 percent of students would like to use tomorrow's money today.
First of all, saving is the traditional virtue of Chinese nation since the ancient times.
There is no reason for us to drop the soul of our nation, so we can't do that and we never do that.
Secondly, saving money is a good habit.
On the contrary, spending tomorrow's money today makes people form a bad habit of throwing money into the air.
What's more, the most important point is that using tomorrow's money can't provide a real comfortable life for us.
According to the survey, some people would like to choose to spend tomorrow's money just in order to improve their living standards and enable them to live a happy and well-to-do life.
Nevertheless, we should know that premature consumption may bring with a series of debt problems and extremely terrible life.
Maybe one day, we will be in financial crisis like America, which is called superpower.
Today, using tomorrow's money, a consumption pattern, which comes from America, is being abandoned by themselves.
When i was one year old, I far away from my parents and arrived at my aunt home.
I don, t know why, they do not like me at all.
I can get homesick all the time.
Every night , I am awful of the heaver rain and the heaver windy.
Although , I knew my parents was extremely busy.
My name is R and my hometown is Y .
A family of five, l am youngest, my parent love me very much and my sisits often offer helps to me.
So in my home, I was very happness.
I have long black hair, big eyesand sweet smile.
I am 157cm tall and have a little fat .
In life, I look quiet , but I also like the sports: running , playing badminton and playing pingpong ball.
In the free time, I often go out to have fun with my family ormy friends.
Sometime, I like alone to listen sung, read books and watch TV that make my heart clam dowm.
In the future time , I will try to learn domain knowledge well, make more friends.
Next look for a good jod.
Because it is very friendly .
First of all, the government should strengthen management and improve the law to punish illegal food maker.
I have a happy family, and there are a lot of family.
They are to love me.
I can't hang out after school on school days.
When I was child, I must do my homework before supper, and I can't do this, can't do that.
The danger of things I can't do, even I can't swim, because my elder sister died of drowing.
I know they want to protect me.
Because a lot of people say that get along well with mother-in-law is very diffcult .
I can imagine that someday when we are in street and my friend meet us, she may say oh you looks like your sister  .
I will answer  she is just my mother-in-law.
She is friendly to me and my parents.
For my parents are friendly, I think the two families can ge along well with each other.
I always imagine such a scence that after my mother-in-law and I sitting together to watch TV after dinner.
She is kindly looking at me just like my mother.
My perfect mother-in-law must have some common habbies with me.
Therefore, we can become good friends.
I hope she is fashionable , not conservative.
My perfect mother-in-law is in good temper.
If my husband or I do somethings wrong, she can talk with us in patient.
We both like shopping and buy fashion beautiful clothes .
Now, there are so many kind of newspaper.
The newspaper born in Beijing.
It comes out every week.
It has many interesting thing on the newspaper.
It has five layouts.
The characteristics of newspaper is illustrated.
The one of newspaper'purposes is help students learn English word.
My name is L, Today I write the note to you that I am going home to visit my month, because my month was ill and stayed in hospital.
I am worried about my month's health and I want to look after her that I have to leave a week which is form fifth to eleventh of November.
I will give the e-mile sent by my brother and prove my word is true.
I was extremely frightened .
This time you should pay for the things you had done.
With the growing number of technology industries , many technical goods are spring .
Manypeople who like reading books use e-book.
E-book is becoming more and more popular among young people.
People who think that e-book is very good hold that e-book has three advantages.
Firstly, e-book is very nice and small.
People can read what they want when they are free.
People don't have to read so heavy books.
Secondly, with the development of Internet , people can know a lot of knowledge online.
Nowadays, information is very fast.
These original books are hard to meet people's requirements.
But if people use e-book, people can surf the net and find some useful information.
People can know a lot of information .
Thirdly, these original books are made from woods.
Neverthless, some people believe that e-book has some problems.
Firstly, because e-book is convenient, some people are addicted to it.
If they spend much time, they will have little time to do their works.
Secondly, there are many secret informations online, people's information can be known by others.
In a word, I believed that if people use it properly, e-book will be good for us.
The cartoon vividly mirrors one of the problems in our life that some young people underestimate the importance of learning basic skills in recent years.
As far as I am concerned, the basic skills as a stepping-stone to our success.
If we don't lay the stepping-stone step by step to a solid, the higher climb, the more pain we get.
In other words, no basic skills, no success.
In the era of talented people, the basic skill is so important to guide us to success.
Last year, I went to GuangXi in my summer holiday.
We went to GuiLin-a city of GuangXi with my parents.
We went there by plane.
When we get there, the mountains around us.
The second day, we visited XiangBishan, the shape of this mountain just like an elephant.
So people call it XiangBishan.
We took photos there and fed the birds.
The next day, we get to LiJiang.
We need take a boat so that we can visit the gorgeous sights.
I like there very much.
A common sight in modern society is that going to college can contribute to marriage felicity for the most part.
on the one hand, people that have access to higher education are showered with advanced thoughts.
Consequently, once their marriage is confronted with conflicts, they will be courageous enough to split up.
In ancient China, people, especially women, were wrapped in traditional ideology, which made them feel ashamed of breaking up with their spouses.
So they would rather remain intact even if they were abused by their counterparts.
Another compelling reason behind the phenomenon is that higher education endows people stronger ability of survival, especially women.
They are mentally and physically independent, so they don't have to be parasites on men.
Last but not least, the educated crowd who are exposed to higher education are more ambitious than those who are excluded from higher education.
They are much devoted to their career than to their family, which means they forget to make a tremendous commitment to the details of their daily life.
In conclusion, an advanced degree is no guarantee of a happy marriage.
So find time to be your spouse's friend and maintain it with mutual respect.
Now we are all college students and we have more relaxed , more different life.
Because of this, understanding what is crucial for us is necessary for everyone.
Some people believe that Academic Performance is still essential for college students.
On the one hand, college students still have lessons and examinations, so their main task is the study.
On the other hand, only passing the exam can we graduate.
However, other people don't think so.
In their opinion, Communication Ability is more essential than Academic performance.
Firstly, we have more chance to communicate with different people in the college, so Communication Ability is indispensable.
Secondly, in this society, we always need to express our ideas.
Personally speaking, I'm in favour of the latter.
For example, if you have excellent Academic Performance, but your Communication Ability is poor.
As a result, it's difficult for others to communicate with you.
Last but not least, as a college student, we should develop in all-round .
However, Communication Ability is a basically ability.
Reading books need skill.
Somepeople think reading books need selectively.
But other people thingk we need extensively.
I think reading books are need skill.
We have choose help for ours.
I think reading books need skill.
This is very important.
In the rapid development of society, there has been an urgent demand for talents who possess the capacity to understand the operation of machine and knowledge innovation.
University is the place where student can motivate their capacities and inspire students potential.
It is necessary to ensure that our future workforce is prepared to accept the future challenges.
In order to met these requirements, we need a selection mechanism that is fare and generally known to all the people, that is the National Exams.
Since the first exam was administered in 1997, the National Exams have been becoming Chinese tradition.
I don't think it is the right time to abandon this tradition.
First of all, the National Exam tests an individual's knowledge of more specific subjects.
Many people believe that the National Exam is a more accurate assessment of a student's accumulated knowledge.
Second, our society not only needs the professional people who come from the colleges, but also other builders.
Third, some argue that the scores are not a valid predictor of a student's future grade point average.
But a student's GPA is not the sole criterion a college uses when selecting potential students.
The Spring Festival is the greatest festival in China with the meaning of prosperous and happiness.
The first reason is that the main tradition of the spring festival does harm to the environment.
Besides, the loud noise which caused by setting off firworks really trouble me a lot.
In addition to that, although eating outside with our relatives will develop the relationship between us.
Yet it is really a waste of food for ordering too much dishes so as to be enthusiastic.
What's more, it is the gift money but the traditional culture that matters to the child.
In my opinion , the spring festival means much more than a celebration day for new year.
As we know, the use of cellphones is more and more common in terms of teenagers at school in modern time.
On the one hand, they are useful.
First, we can use them to look through the news about politics or economy to open our mind.
Second, we look up large of knowledge that we lack of, which is supposed to do.
On the other hand, they have many drawbacks.
Firstly, when we are studying, they might divert our attention so that influencing our grades.
Secondly, they are likely to have important effects on order in school because of arguing between some students and others.
I'm Mark Zhang, The last talk about with you very happy on Guangzhou Trade Fair.
I am very interested in your company's phone.
SoI want to ask you something.
I hope you can tell me more information about products.
Such as product specifications.colour.
price function and so on.
This phone have a very good market prospects.
My first trip is going to the Hebei when I summer holiday.
I did get to there by car and with my perants.
We visited some interesting place, such as yesanpo and beautiful lake.
We go to there in order to relaxed.
In recent years, more and more people begin to realize that a lot of traditional customs and traditions are losing their charm and some of them have even disappeared.
Firstly, technology, for the most part, provides people with nothing but convenience and comfort.
A warm and heated family atmosphere is therefore created, so everyone can feel the warmth and care of others.
Secondly, lots of young people get to know more about foreign cultures which they find some customs and festivals more interesting and fashionable than what they have celebrated ever since they were born.
They begin do things in a ''modern''way.
Young people nowadays are more passionate about a Christmas celebration than about our Spring Festival.
With time passing by, there're always new ways of thinking and living emerging.
The society is changing, the world is changing, and so is our traditional culture.
In a word, I think the development of modern technology has greatly influenced traditional cultures, some of them will be changed or even lost.
But these changes are not necessarily bad.
As long as the essence of our tradition is kept safe and sound, and we keep passing on from generation to generation, we don't have to always focus on the formalities.
In recent years, more and more American venture capital and private equity have established branches in Europe.
Most American VCs target the European market with a dedicated fund.
As the VCs growing steadily, a good number of global companies will be born in Europe.
As we all know, with the development of society, it is becoming a fashion that the ten-dance of low-carbon life.
Second, we should use baskets or the bag of recyclable instead of rubbish bags, which can reduce the using of rubbish bags.
The reducing of privates bus can decline carbon dioxide to clear the air.
Therefore, there are some different comments about it.
This activity has become a common and necessary thing in some people's daily lives.
With the force of livelihood, people must make money in the day, so they have less time to do physical exercise.
While, Guang Chang Wu can make them together, not only can make the dancers have a good workout, but also make them enjoy it.
For me, I'm supporter of Guang Chang Wu, not only because it can help people do physical exercise together by dance, but also bring great joy to the dancers.
It is a great honor for me to have a speech here.
Eventually, I wish all the students could understand parents'heart, for they are the most related persons in your life.
We should release parents'burden.
As we all know, most college students fall in love after they enter college.
In fact, It's natural for college students to make boyfriend.
Some people, especially college teachers and students' parents, think that students should give up love and concentrate on study.
They say that campus love is not lasting and most of loves may break up be after graduation.
On the contrary, some people, especially college students believe that it is natural for young people to fall in love on the campus because they meet every-day and their everyday meeting produces romantic passion towards each other.
It is of great significance for a college student to know how to copy with something in college .
Firstly, how to be faced with your life problem .
In the study, Except for playing you need at least to least two hours in studying .
To this issue, I am convinced that we have to independent and try to make lots of friends, Because after graduating from the college, friends are a big fortune.
Now global warming is becoming more and more terrified.
Our environment is comforting an extremely difficult challenge.
I think the most significant problem of today is what we human beings are doing to save our environment.
Well, I have been reading about the problem of landfills, and it worries me a lot.
Of course, no one intends a tremendous landfill anywhere near their neighborhood.
There is no easy way out.
Sometimes we always here about air pollution, but not many people are aware of the problem of water pollution.
It is a problem in almost every major city in the world.
Almost all our rivers and lakes, where we get our drinking water are being polluted in some way by businesses, farms, homes, industries and other sourses.
Although the water most of us drink has already been treated, it is still not 100percent pure.
In accordance with, a recent report, in the Amazon rainforest, trees of an area about the size of a football field are falling every second.
Apparently trees in the Amazon rainforest are disappearing at an alarming rate.
As a result, rare plants and wildlife are being destroyed and the whole ecological balanced is being upset.
So we can see our environment is being fragile.
We should try our best to protect it from being treated badly.
By the way, climate is useful for weather forecasting.
It also helps determine when the most positive time would be for farmers to plant their crops.
It could even be helpful for you and your family to plan a vacation.
Put it another way, look out of your window any day, any time and you see weather.
As far as I am concerned, friendship is when you are in trouble, your friends can help you get out from it, and when you are happy, your friends can share happiness with you.
Suddenly, someone was calling my name from the window, Oh, it's XIAO MING, he was studying in the next classroom, he asked me to go home with him, and we shared the only one umbrella, Even though most of us clothes were wet because the umbrella was so small, we felt very happy, and we smiled at each other at the end.
In my opinion, we should learn how to pay, not barely hope get from our friends, when our friend in need, we should try our best to help them, and support from the spirit.
Only by this, can we develop a good friendship with our real friend.
We are just students.
Others think that there are cars and houses is their happiness.
On the first day when we went to school, our teachers have told us that we must to study hard and should stick to study everyday.
l think there is some love around me.
My mother is an ordinary person.
She is always busy with work, but she still cares for me very much.
When l meet difficulties, she encourages me to face them.
Besides, she passed a cup of milk when l was still doing homework.
l think mother's love is the greatest thing in the world.
lt was the sun that keeps me warm all the time.
Because of our company has won a large export order, we need to organize foreign language training to all of you.
According to the report, more and more people turn to online education.
Actually, education on the Internet which was great hot way at American from 2012.
And after a year , it spread to China and accepted by many Chinese .
Whatever you are student, officer, teacher or boss, etc.
Modern people always busy, usually they want to go classroom and listen teacher, but they have no time.
Second, anywhere.
Whatever you are in, school, office, home or outdoor, only you have a computer, can you easily learn the courses that you are interesting.
Third, there are a lot of courses by famous professors, ordinary people can also enjoy excellent educational resources.
Besides, we can discuss own views with others around the word.
Even so, online education still existing problems such as some web's curriculum just are simple video which not solve students' doubts.
They made concerted efforts sent the girl to a hospital.
I wonder your school life now, so I tell you my school life.
After breakfast I go to school immediately.
At school, classmates and I hand in homework before class.
I usually have maths lessons as well as have seven lessons during the weekday.
I don't like physics, because I think it's so difficult to learn.
When I get to home, I have dinner with my family.
Then I usually do my homework.
On Friday, I stay on at school in a mintue and I'm running on the playground.
Additionally, traditional Chinese characters are still widely taught and used in Taiwan, Hong Kong and chinatowns worldwide, which shows the necessity and reason-ability of traditional Chinese characters.
Let me show you something about my school life.
I usually get up at sixo'clock.
I have brackfast at home.
I usually go to school by bus.
At school, half past seven I have my first lesson.
Before the class, we have tohand in our homework on time.
after first lesson, we have to do some excreise.
I dont like physics, because it is diffcult to me.
but I like English very much.
we have lunch at eleven o'clock and we have a teast after the lunch.
Iusually do my homework and I like my school very much.
The traditional virtue of conservation have been forgotten .
As we know, too much pressure makes the smartest student a fool.
Firstly, they are more easily face the pressure of learning which makes they must work very hard to get the diploma and find a good job.
They work for longer hours with income.
So they are likely to face pressure.
Moreover, the pressure of learning makes them fragile, and they do not have a right way to reduce stress.
In view of the seriousness of the problem, effective measures should be taken.
With the development of the Internet, people can do many things by the Internet.
Some people think it takes so lower time for us that we can have more time to do other things.
However, shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages.
Sometimes, the real goods may not be the same as what they have seen on the computer.
I conside that whatever we do.
Nowadays, many students take into account spell in study english .
The existence of problem can be attributed to the following main reasons.
certainly, it is helpful to study English .
However, hardly any students write English word and article .
I could remember it was a cloudy day and it also was a rainy day.
I have been told to move to Beijing and leave my hometown where i have lived ten years, it was also the place where i born, grow, laugh and cry.
My old school have a goodbye party for me.
I couldn't say anything on the party beacuse there were only one mind: we must have a reunion one day.
I just couldn't hold my tears out when i heared my friends singing goodbye songs for me.
It was a most beautiful song that i have listened.
When i got on the bus to Beijing i also can heard the song singsing in my mind.
Five years past, sometimes i felt lonely and sad, there is always a song singing in my mind, this song couraged me to faced the problem.
The activity is specially designed for students who want to get close to nature or take exercise.
It also helps in communicating.
The students who want to take part in the activity will get together at the school gate at 7:30.
We set off at 8:00, and come back at 11:00.
There are various things to do there , such as planting vegetables and watering flowers.
We all hope you can come and give us some instructions.
As we can see in the picture.
The boy wants to solve the problem about nuclear waste.
In fact, he just wants to shirk his responsibility to empty the dustin.
So his father told him.
In our daily life a lot of people always want to do some great things.
But if a man can't do the simple thing , he will not gain the success.
People always like fancies that he is going to be famous for the world, do great.
But they never put into effect.
We need to know just have a dream never get anything, we just have a dream can't achieve any goal.
We must do anything hard working for our goal.
Do the small or simple best and then we will achieve our dream more and more close.
For example we can not study in the university, we need to get a lot of knowledge in our primary school and middle school.
In my opinion, do small before great .
Just like this wo will have a good basic get ready for our success.
Don't just have a dream and ingore the small things.
With the development of new technology, The life of people become more and more interesting.
New technology has brought many conveniences to modern life.
But there are many pubbing in social.
Today we almost have a phone, we can use it to do something in life.
Everything has pros and cons.
people have new technology, they are addicted to technological devices so that ignore others' feeling and motion.
It influences the relationship between people not to communication with others face to face.
In my opinion, we should try our best to take full advantage of the new technology to help us.
And we can use it to relax.
In recent 10 years, the number of people in city X traveling abroad is increasing.
People choose to travel abroad because of the development of the economic.
What's more, nowadays, with the development of the economics, people lead a comfortable and high quality life.
More and more people are willing to travel abroad with their families and friends.
On the one hand, the increase of the number of people traveling abroad has a great effect on traveling and promote the economic's increase.
There will be an outdoor activity which will be held this Sunday.
We plan to plant vegetables, water flowers as well as have a picnic.
There is nothing to do but get close to nature.
Taking exercise is also a excellent chioce in the farm.
I am looking forward to that day's coming.
We will get together at the school gate at 7:30.
And it will last three hours from 8 o'clock to 11 o'clock.
I will appreciate it if you come.
It is really worth taking part in this.
But it's abundant in energy and wish you'd have it.
Nobody could refuse him.
Nowadays, some people think though we are colleges, it is important for us to achieve high academic performance, while others don't think so.
They hold out the opinion that communication ability is more important.
Although we enter universities, we are still students.
As a result, we should study as hard as before.
Moreover, academic performance is basic to scholarship.
Equally, communication ability is essential to a college.
We learn knowledge in order to put into practice one day, so it is necessary for us to improve our communication ability.
In addition, we should set up good relationship and make friends with more people.
I want to study English for different reasons.
When I hear someone speak english very well, I realize it is very interesting.
I want to be one of them.
Then, I really love it.
The felling of chat with others make me so happy.
Thirteen March 2014.
This morning, our teacher who is taught us to writing was told us played a match.
Then, the teacher took out a picture about little pig.
Teacher sticks the picture in the middle of the blackboard, who teacher asked us to devided into two groups, per groups gone to paint the little pig on the blackboard.
we should put on the eyeshade.
After a while, the match was beginning, at the moment, I can't wait to draw it.
That time, painting the picture one by one.
When a students gone to paint, others told him the direction and how to paint it.
I have noticed that some of them was very excited with laughing.
After a short while, we all finished the picture, teacher judged the two picture that what we paint.
When it comes to personality, I'm always considered as a mild and kind-hearted boy.
I will never lose sympathy for anyone or any little animals.
When the scene of people suffering the pain of war or illness flashs into my eyes, I always could not help feeling painful.
In my heart, care and love will play the most important part of humen being's life forever, only with the love can people overcomeaall kinds ofdifficulties and challenges.
Aside from the above, I also have the precious character of the boys-careful.
Altogether, my personality contains a lot of good aspects.
If you must find some negative points, I should say that sometimes I'm too soft on some problems.nevertheless, I think soft is not necessarily a bad thing.
Now, Group cooperative learning appears a new teaching way in the classes.
When it comes to good mood, i recall a proverb from William Shakespeare: Light heart lives long.
It's known to us all that a good mood results in a healthy life, which enables us to possess an energetic and a strong body.
Nothing can be as vital as a healthy life.
With a good life habit, we're allowed to enjoy everything around us such as traveling, climbing or hiking etc.
There's a recent report on a magazine states that a good mood make it possible to work efficiently.
A good mood, in other word, is high spirit.
That power, to some extent probably maintain or stimulate our nerves.
Our brain will become much clearer because of awaken nerves.
To put in a nutshell, keeping a good mood can possibly fresh ourselves and let us see the bright side of one thing while the rest see the dark side.
Life is short, though.
Keeping a good mood makes us see more, hear more and enjoy more.
I want to receive your certificate.
Winter is the cold season in the year, the day is short and short.
So before winter comes, The people and the animals are very busy.
Because before winter comes is the harvest season, lots of crops are mature, people are working on the farm.
Some animals are look for food, winter is not lots of food and very cold.
Sometimes we can see some birds.
for example, the swallow will come to south .
For me, winter is good.
When it snows, the ground is whiter with snow.
As we can see, in the picture, the Online Rumors just like a bomb , everyone catched by it will be killed.
It is obviously that the Online Rumors have bad effect on ourselves.
It confuses our mind, society safety and the whole world.
For example, maybe a famous star is seek in the situation that someone say something bad about him .
Sometimes, people just believe the Online Rumors rather than the real, because the real is not powerful enough.
Or someone have bad idea to broad news, such as the salt'price is going to be increasing.
In my opinion, everyone of us should contribute to deal with the situation.
As for the government, they should take strong measures to clean the Online enviornment.
We need more powerful laws to protect our peasonal life.
As for the ordinary man, we should try our best not to trust the Online Rumors and tell othes.
First, it is useful to transport.
Because, the price of the tickets would be high if many passengers buy them.
This will promote the development of catering industry.
However, the other people considerate that the increase in passengers damage the historical relics.
I think that we shall divide it into two aspects.
On the one hand, we shall support the development of tourism.
I'm your best friend Zhang Peng and I'm enjoying my favourite festival, Chinese Spring Festival.
It's our most important holiday.
It's a rare chance to let us reunite.
Children like the festival very much , because they can have delicious food and wear new clothes.
They also can get some money from their parents.
Before the Spring Festival, people put up couplets on the doors.
They stand for the good luck.
During the Spring Festival, all the family members get together for dinner in the New Year.
In many places people like to set off firecrackers.
Dumplings are the most traditional food.
The Spring Festival lasts about 15days long.
People visit relatives to send best wishes.
The issue of whether or not stricter punishment is the only way to improve the road safeerty has been widely debated currently.
There is no denying that punishment is the most effective way to enhance road safty.
To began with, strict punishiment add more cost to drivers to against the traffic laws, so that the man-made accident will be signally cut down.
In turn, stricter punishiment will raise concern about safty driving.
However, there aren't nothing to do expect the punishiment.
The most important of all is to let people to understand the significance about safety and respect of life.
Firstly, public service announcement should be increased on TV and newspaper.
Secondly, warning sign should be set up around the road to remind drivers to be carefully constantlly.
Obviously, both saids have sound reasons.
The question is whether we can find the balance between the two.
Beking university is one of the most famous university in China, i'm proud of you who can study in here.
Beking university is not only known for its education but also its beautiful scenery and quiet environment, you will have the best life of studying.
In addition, if you live here, you will find that life is convenient and neighbourhoods are friendly.
in my view, it is a good place for you to live alone and study.
I think you can make many friends and won't be alone.
Through the learning, I'll gain advanced knowledge and skills.
Secondly, taking on -the-job graduate program gives me a chance to obtain a master's degree, which is necessary for me to get a promotion.
I think both of them sound good.
After reading the story of tiger mother, i feel greatful to you , my mother.
Maybe, the tiger mother had succeed in training her children in some ways.
However, Many parents will not agree with her, such as you.
You always play with me , which made me quite happy.
What 'more, My father and you often accompany with me .
You, my dear mother, never require return.
Although you paied too much that is countless.
Tiger mother and you have a common in teaching method.
In a word, differdnt mothers have different teaching ways.
I meet many people during growing up , including my father and mother.
He is not thoughtful but patient.
Since I am young , he is strict with me in life and study .
As a man of family he should earn money to support it.
He does not often stay at home , let alone play with me.
Gradually, I am afraid of him .
He often says to me :  Study hard.
I understand his heart as I growing.
It is my father that helps me grow up.
As a result, my tears flow through my face.
I didn't realize how important my parents were until I on my own.
The truth lies in the hand of a few.
Nevertheless, under the institution of democracy, government tend to focus on the voice from the majority, while neglecting the rights of the minorities.
Sometimes, this ignorance can lead to terrible consequences.
The day before the Civi War can be a torture for the black in America.
For the great benefits brought from laboring the black, the white force the government reluctantly to legitimize the slaves in America.
This leads the black into the catastrophic lives where they are separated from their family, forced to finish the arduous laboring work and worked all day long under the tough environment until the day they died.
After undergoing the terrible times, they struggled, strove, fought for their rights.
Having endured the bloody and cost-consuming war, the black pay the extremely high price to carry on the Emancipation Proclamation eventually.
Even in today, majority rule tends to be an unfair judge.
In the American president election 2000, the final result of voting for Al Gore turned out to be that George Bush became the president of America.
This was that so-called majority  makes the election unexpected.
In the today's prevalent TV program show, The Oprah Winfrey Show probably enjoys the greatest reputation among all the American audiences.
What makes this show success is what makes it distinctly unique.
This Talk has never been fooled by the wrong guides of majority for it implements inviting the ordinary people as the distinguished guests rather those with reputes and focusing on the personal daily-life-topics.
At first, a majority of people held reserved or even passive attitudes towards the prospects of this program.
However, Oprah Winfrey insisted stubbornly to this unprecedented reform on the talk show.
The results of totally listening to the voices from majority usually create tension or even worse.
Nowadays, Network Real-name System was throw into the flow of discussing.
However, evey coin has two sides .
We all study different language since we see our word.
The first language we study is our country' language, we study this language from our parents when we were kids.
Then we go to school, we study many more difficult language.
We maybe like or dislike but we must study.
When I study English I like it very much at first.
But I study a long time later, I feel extremely bored about it.
So I feel sleepy when my English teacher giving a class.
It results in my English so bad.
When I see the people who can speak English fluently, I wish I can speak English like them.
I also listening to English music and reading english books.
Gradually, I find that it is interesting when I learned English.
From this I think we should study hard instead of giving up learning language.
I am L.
The reason why I write to you is that I hope you can participate in an activity together with us.
We plan to spend the Double Ninth Festival with the old men from nuring house so that we can make them feel warm.
I think it is a very meaningful event and we invite you to join it as well.
We are going to set off at 8:00 am on Saturday morning and assembled in the school gate.
We will come back at about 4:00 pm.
In nursing house, we will make dumplings for old men and eat together.
In addition, we intend to give them some performances to make them happy.
These are our plans.
Be a volunteer, helping many people who with different cultures.
The YOG is spread culture of sports, I will tell my mates and become a group of volunteer to the YOG.
Spread the sports culture and local culture to the guests.
Firstly, as a student, learning is the most crucial thing, so, students should pay all their strength to study.
  This kind of grass can cure your hairs' problem.
In this picture, we could see a dad and a son are talking about something.
The son is worried about the nuclear waste.
We first feel this picture is a little funny, then we could find out the moral from this picture.
Most of the people usually think more than we could do by ourselves.
Just like the boy in the picture, we just thinking about the things beyond our ability could do.
So, someone should tell us what we should do first, not just thinking boundless things, just like the dad in the picture.
Succeeding in language learning was one of the most difficult thing in my study-life.
Hard as it was, I have never said ''give up''.
I clearly remembered my experiences about studying language.
we live in a modern life, many fashion things have sprung up.
For example,3G mobile phone, e-car, e-bike ande-book.
E-book is the perfect result of the development of technology.
There are several advantages of e-books, but in general, they may come down to four major ones.
In the first place, it is convenient to use e-books.
What you need to do is touching the screen to control it.
In addition, the content of e-books can be revised again and again.
Because e-book itself can be linked with computers.
With the development of Internet, lots of e-books can be downloaded from the Internet.
As a result, there is need to pay for the e-books.
You only lose little money for the Internet fee.
Compared with commom books, e-books are very cheap.
What's more, anthor advantage of e-books is carrying easily.
Common books made of paper are very heavy.
E-books composed by high technology are light and thin.
It's easy for you to take e-books wherever you go and whenever you want.
Last but not least, there are large amount of room to storage information.
As the old saying goes, every coin has two sides.
Many people criticize e-books, they may raise the following reasons.
Firstly, owing to being revised easily, we have difficulty to storage information forever.
There is a long-running debate as to whether e-books are good for us.
As far as I'm concerned, I completely support to spread e-books.
E-books are pregnant with our developing times, they have reasons to survive.
It's necessary that effective steps be taken to improve the disadvantages.
In this year, I'm the most unforgettable I know my name on the list.
I was admitted to the YingKou Institute of science and technology.
play tennis go to the library to cultivate their sentiments to do something meaningful.
College life is a very important period of time, I will cherish this time, to do their own favorite things to their own good.
When it comes to the topic that how to make friends, different people will offer different ideas.
Some people maintain the perspective that the more friends they make, the more benefits it will bring.
As far as I am concerned, there are some elements of truth in both these view.
On the one hand, we shouldn't long on quantity but short on quality, true friends should be the person who can be the shoulder when you are in sorrow, and be a harbour when you are in difficulities.
We should be aware of the necessity of making true friends carefully.
On the other hand, we need not only true friends but also ordinary friends, after all, there are not so large space in our heart to put so many true friends, and there are not many people who can meet our demands of true friends as well.
Nowadays, a majority of students are crazy about the romance.
The shallow of romance seeking exists everywhere.
But when it comes to the phenomenon about the shallow of romance seeking.
As far as I am concerned, benefiting from pursuing romance is possible if controlled within a reasonable and sensible range.
There are mainly two reasons.
On the one hand, it can help to strengthen the relationship between lover, which can make students more confident and less anxious.
However, we can not waste too much time which is meant for stud in pursuing romance, because what is the most important for students is study.
This kind of lifestyle means lots of things, such as walking or taking a bus instead of driving to work.
In a way, reducing waste is a form of low-carbon lifestyle.
But to us, college students, what on earth should we do must be made clear, although you haven't formed such an idea.
It's no double that there are some love around everyone.
My mother cares me well to show that she loves me.
My friends understand me and help me.
When I get love from them, I seem to become the happiest person all over the world.
As a return.
Besides, I'll learn how to understand others.
Nowadays, some people do not understand that they should not kill animals according to their wishes.
So they kill more and more animals.
I think the fundamentle is the commercial benefits.
They want to make more and more money.
They want to live a luxurious life.
Animals and humans are both living on the earth.
We share the sources together.
I believe if there is no animal, we should not live happily and we must feel lonely.
In the ancient, our ancestors kill animals to obtain the economic benefits.
In fact, the ancient people realized the environment is more and more important to us.
That time, they have come up with the harmony between animals and people.
But, as time go, we are still not realize this dream.
In the mordern age, people are on business.
businessmen kill many animals to get more and more money.
The bodies of animals are very valuable.
They hope they can have money through this way.
I think this is illegal business.
So the advetisement says No business, no killing is very essential to us, especially to the people who are killing animals crazily.
We are warned by the advertisement.
We realized the original idea of the advertisement.
Killing animals is caused by the human greed.
The act of killing animals is not good.
We must be suffered punishment for the act of killing, so no business ni killing.
People endless business is a big wrong thing.
Animals are lives, they also need equal treatment.
In this way, we can live on the earth happily.
I think we should plan a principle which can control the illegal actions, or we can control each other.
As a college student, I think I should propose this idea-no business, no killing.
Feeling every time I wake up from a dream, a people in my tuck, every time when I wake up from dreams, always feel that you were with me.
You are so selfless care of me, attachment me, but you do not know how care for yourself.
Repeat that my high school years, you stay with me through the most difficult time, you give me a warm, has given me the confidence I can obtain a school now.
You have spent a lifetime of endeavour on my body, but I have not had time to repay your kindness, you left me.
Mom, you know how much thought you what.
  Love is the mother's life work, the mother of the sons and daughters of toil is no consideration.
Mom, I love you.
Nowadays, there is a lot of books in our market.
You can read what what you want to read.
because the interests are the best teachers.
As to myself I prefer literature, so I read a small quantities of Famous works.
And then, the books which your parents and teachers recommend to you are useful as well.
Last week a friend of mine introduced a book named Who Moved My Cheese to me .
It is an significant book just like a wise man .
After reading, I grasped we should be flexible .
With the development of the technology, the network is already the tenements in our daily life.
It cannot be denied that the network convenient for our life greatly.
We can work, study and entertain online.
In my view, I think it has a double-edged advantage and disadvantage.
On the one hand, for example, before a student enrolls in the college, she can make some friends online who may help them better to know the new school and the new college life.
So she can make a good preparation for her college life.
If a man wants to travel, he also can make friends online who are called 'travelers'.
Those people who are called travelers can travel together and have the same interest.
On the other hand, it also has the disadvantage.
After all, the network is a fictitious world, and the things are all fictive.
So whoever you are, you must be careful when you make friends online.
Every year there are many people were tricked into money even feelings because of making friends careless online.
For the past few years, the problem of domestic food safety make everybody worried.
Such as illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives and pesticide pollution.
People always worry about some un-safety food let them be illness or discomfort.
As far as I am concerned we can improve our realization of safety food in the following aspects.
Second, we ought to have meal in the standard, clean restaurant.
Being conventional, authentic and historic, classics play an important role in our daily life, which attract an increasing number of people.
Nevertheless, some people hold the opinion that new things have already a preponderance over the classics.
In this condition, classics should be discarded from now on.
As the treasure of the world, history is being highly focused.
For one thing, it has experienced the whole history with generations.
Therefore, a great many of useful experiences can be brought to us freely.
Thanks to classics, we haven't had to make a mistake in order to find our disadvantages.
We can directly get the appropriate method by reviewing the history.
For instance, nowadays in China, on account of referring the previous experiences and the classics, all aspects are getting more and more prosperous.
But if we go backwards 30 years,50 years or more, because of the lack of the method of constructing a country, the government faced lots of barriers.
So old things can pave the way for new things.
For another, classics represent the highest level in the ancient period.
Many thoughts and comprehensions appeared at this moment, which even would not appear again.
Just like the pyramid in Egypt.
Even nobody knows precisely how to construct the pyramid by hand works till now.
Therefore, classics are significant to the whole world in all aspects.
In my opinion, the judgement should not be made too arbitrarily.
The ancient people are not gods.
Just like the ordinary people, they would also make mistakes, which need us to check and correct carefully.
Besides, limited by the historical background, their thoughts may not be used properly.
For example, the preference of boys to girls in ancient China and many other places in the world forced women to receive the unfair treatment for centuries, which is seriously condemned at present.
In conclusion, As what have been mentioned above, we need to discard the dross and select the essence.
Chinese New Year is an important traditional Chinese holiday celebrated at the turn of the Chinese calendar.
In China, it is also known as the Spring Festival.
Chinese New Year is celebrated in countries and territories with significant Chinese populations, including Mainland China, Hongkong, Macau, Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippinee, and also in Chinatowns elsewhere.
According to tales and legends, the beginning of the Chinese New Year started with a mythical beast called Nian.
Nian would come on the first day of New Year to eat livestock, crops and even villagers, especially children.
To protect themselves, the villagers would put food in front of their doors at the beginning of every year.
It was believed that after the Nian ate the food they prepared, it wouldn't attack any more people.
One day a villager decided to get revenge of the Nian.
A god visited him and told him to put red paper on his house and to light fireworks.
The villager then understood that the Nian was afraid of the colour red.
When the New Year was about to come, the villagers would hang red lanterns and red spring scrolls on windows and doors.
People also use fireworks to frighten away the Nian.
There is also a series of tradition durong Chinese New Year.
Every family should clean the house , in order to sweep away ang bad luck to make way for good incoming luck.
Windows and doors will be decerated with the red colour paper-cut and couplets with popular themes of  good fortune    haooiness    wealth  and  longevity  .
In my opinion, newspapers is a more avilable information resource.
Here are my reasons.
Firstiy, I think news report is higher degree of depth than TV news.
It provide more comprehensive and more detailed information.
Secondly, reading newspapers isn't limited by the time.
You can read your newspapers as long time as you like.
Along with the development of high-tech more and more people choose to a promissing work.
They think the choice of promissing work is good.
They have the following reasons.
For example, they think have a promissing job itself means a raise and prootion in the future.
As far as I'm cncerned, I will not hesitate to choose a promissing work.
To begin with, I think a promissing job can bring the honor and challge to me.
Science is always more popular than arts in our traditional education, which cause the ignorance of our native culture.
As it is said that a little of every thing is nothing in the main.
Last week.
I eat much food.
Sush as KTC and ice cream.
Before I slept.
I ate much cold food in the fright.
At midnight.
I felt my stomach hurt me.
My family woke up, they sent me to the hospital.
After seeing the doctor, he told me that I eaten too much food.
Since then, I realized that I should not eat the rubbish food often.
I should keep the healthy diet.
Now my diet is regular, I won't take in much food before sleeping, my body is becoming healthy.
Even when I see the rubbish food is tenptation, I take no hesitation to say no them.
According to recent reporter,80 precent of students depend on cheating in exams.
In China, the college means more free time are given to the students.
So many students prefer to spend time in playing all the time.
In order to receive their college school diplomas, students must pass the term exams.
If the cheaters' grade higher than learners', the unfair problem will happen.
No cheating can set up a morality to help students more honest.
No cheating can help students get more knowledge and stand a chance in job fair.
Some people think we should reading selectively.
They think: some books are unhealthy and is no help in the learing and life.
Reading more books is not good for eyes and is a wasting times.
Other people think reading many books is good for us.
It can make me learing knowledge and can increase the study interesting.
Reading can we get a good job.
All in all, everyone's opinion is not the same.
You can imagine that the students of class are divided into some groups, we can argue with each other in your own group.
It is important that we will get ride of bondage of tradition in the classroom, we will feel very fresh.
So I like this way.
From our recent survey of students, we have found that accountting for 28%of students prefer to read humour while 25% of students prefer to read about travel, One tenth of students prefers to read the story of history .
A small number of students read others, such as sports .
The other is read by the fewest people which is accountting for 9% of students.
We want to get the students .
For this reason, we suggest we should read books which are benefit to our study.
wecan broaden our knowleage by reading books.
Also reading books is a good way to relax oueselves.
As a old saying goes Knowledge is the eye of mind.
in one's opinion classroom in my favourite place at school.
Driving to work is better than walking to work .
The most important reason is that driving is incomfortant .
And it's cooler to dirve in hot weather .my office is one kilometer away from my house .
The last reason is that work shoes are tess comfortable for walking .
Now I tell you that there is a good person that I met three years ago when I entered the junior school.
Peter, who is 17 years old, is very handsome with 180-centimeter height.
Basketball is his favorite sport and he is good at playing table tennis as well.
I believe that's have three reasons.
Secondly, the Internet is used widely in the world and so many people are like it .
In my point of view, the on line education can very helpful if you use it correctly, you can get a lot of knowledge and others.
In a way, my pen bag is very simple which only has one bag with a zipper.
It's argent.
For one side , a picture with a bear and a rabbit who are hand in hand is on it.
For the other side , a picture like an envelop also with the pattern on it attracts me when I bought it.
At he top right corner, a stamp circumference with a rabbit's head on it.
As we know, there is no life in the world weather there is no water.
There are many reasons for water shortage .
It is common sense that nearly three quarters of the earth's surfuce is covered with water, so someone called the earth water planet.
In addition, with the rapid development of society, the demand for water is increasing quickly.
Now, we should take some measures to protect our water sources tosatisfy the require for water and avoid the disaster of the world.
For example, we can plant trees and grass to retain water, and we should reduce the water pollution from the factory.
The core spirit of the speech is never give up and keeps fighting.
In the first paragraph, Churchill use six parallel sentences begin with I see  .
From this nothing will turn us-nothing .
We will never parley, we will never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang .
The first time l go into college, l was very exciting and curious.
As the circumstance change, the modes of instruction changed, too.
For example, Teachers only show up on the class, so it is very hard to ask them question whenever you want.
Homework become your own business, no one would care about whether you handed it or not.
Going to the classroom or not all depends on you, which means if you want to study, you can go to any class you like, even it is not you major, if you want to indulge yourself, you can skip class as much as you like.
To accommodate to all those change, l adjust my learning method .
Instead of consult the teacher, l will discuss my confusion with my friend first, and then ask teachers for help.
Nowadays, the ' No Cars Day' campaign is getting more and more popular.
A total of 108 cities have participated in this campaign.
The aim is to dissuade people from driving cars and to promote the public transportation in big cities.
Anyway, there are different ideas about whether cities should establish ' No Cars Day' .
Some people suppose that 'No Cars Day' can benefit people a lot.
And it can not last many days.
As far as I am concerned, 'No Cars Day' is a good idea.
Public transportation can save our time and also it can produce less pollution.
And we don't need to fear that we can not find a parking place.
In my opinion, we can get more benefit from the 'No cars Day' campaign.
In a word, try it out and we can see the change.
We can benefit from it.
The majority of students are lack of social practice, and they don't want to join one.
They'd prefer to stay at home and watch movies.
I went to Changsha station as a volunteer this afternoon, I stand, smiled, answered people's questions and helped them to buy tickets.
It was tired, I admit, but it worth.
Espesially I felt happy, and I am feeling happy now.
Widen your horizon, you can not only help others, but also do something to prove your value.
I like playing basketball, listening to music, playing online games.
In addition, I like reading in the evening.
Though my English is not very good.
But l never lost my heart, I try my best to learn it.
During the time, I got everything from teachers, so I don't have the sense of consider a new question by myself.
When we grow up in the future we will have no personality at all.
In the university, the mostly students live in Collective dormitory.
Some people are in favor of the idea of dormitory life.
Firstly, We can make good friends with roommates in the dormitory.
But other people stand on a different ground.
They think that we are prone to conflicts in the dormitory.
There is some truth in both arguments.
But I think the advantages of dormitories life outweigh the disadvantages.
Because if a dormitory can form a good atmosphere, then the dormitory students will abtain unexpected victory.
There is a phenomenon that many college students are interested in taking part-time job.
This phenomenon exists for a number of reasons.
First, many bosses pay more attention to social experience.
So more students take part-time job to gain experience.
Second, the society and people in society are very complicated, so more students think that they need adapt theirseves to the society.
Third, many students think that the college life should colorful, and part-time job is part of it.
As a college student, I also did many part-time job.
My main reasoning is the third.
Wasting is so popular in our society that many people regard it as a natural thing.
Underlying their views are ground that if you can not eat more food, you must throw it into the dustbin.
A deeper insight into the problem, however can find that our earth has a lot of rescourses , but those rescourses are limited not unlimited.
If allowed to run its course, it would cause dried up the rescourses.
It must be kept in mind that wasting in harmful with our next generations.
Nowdays, the phenomenon of online education has been brought into focus.
First at all, the people who study online think that it is very convenient , they can save a lot of time spend to waiting bus or go to school by foot.
Second, in the past if you have something not know how to do it, will go to the local library to find the answer, which spend plently time.
but now you just need click the mouse, then a lot of websits will appear in front of you.
However, not all the materials on the Internet are correct, sometimes they are fals.
We are pleased to tell you that shipment of the goods under S/C NoJ-29 has been made on board s.
s. PEARL, and we will make a partial shipment by s.
The college is place to love.
There is too much constraint.
Can know a lot of new students.
The college is very big.
It is a small society.
In the college study is not to score.
Just to work I had the time I want to go to the library and participate in community activities.
Nowdays, online shopping has become a fashion.
Oline shopping also has some advantages.
For example, It can save time and energy, people can spend less time choose their need thing and choose widely.
But It has disadvantages.
In my point, clothes and some necessary commodities don't buy on the net, because mail these need to spend time.
Change and retreat is more trouble.
If you want to buy books and somthing unimportant, you can buy it on the net.
It is a pleasure that you'll be one of us as an exchange student.
Tianjin is an attractive city with fascinating scenes.
It can be hot and humid in summer while quite freezing in winter.
So, it's a good choice to take more clothes with you.
What's more, our class is a warm family.
We have strong appetites for knowledge and are ready to give others a helping hand as well.
I hope you could introduce yourself, your school life and the American culture to us, so that we can make your acquaintance.
William Shakespeare says, Do not, for one repulse, give up the purpose that you resolved to effect.
In faith, I only read few books.
But I still impressive about Robinson Crusoe.
When I seriously turned over the last page and finished reading this story which has zigzag and ups and downs plot.
I thought I really shock by it.
Protagonist Robinson enjoys sailing as a child, once he left home for three times to travel across South America.
One day, he said goodbye to his family and carried forward lofty ideal which he traveled around four seas to sail.
When crossing Atlantic and Pacific ocean, they experienced much danger.
Later the whole ship unluckily sank at Pacific Ocean.
He is the only live man who survived the shipwreck.
And he went to an uninhabited island alone.
He reclaimed wasteland, raised domestic animals and produced rise and wheat.
It's like this that he lived with loneliness year after year.
Later he rescued a native called Friday  .
He battled of wits with the wild animals and battled of courage with the savages.
He got over all kinds of difficulties that people could'nt imagine, and created a survival home for himself with laborious both hands.
Once someone said, 'as a person we should learn how to survive firstly'.
Robinson didn't make any great things and lived like us.
There are thousands of difficulties in life, but it also coexists many wonderful things and happiness.
We should excavate and experience it, then we will get more.
I believe in my life, although it's very common.
I can't read English passages quickly.
So I plan to read more ang practice.
So I plan to improve myself by listening to the radio and TV.
I'm hoping for great progress.
A study done by The North American Association for the Study of Obesity showed that there is, in fact, correlation between the activity of a person and the presence or absence of certain health problems.one people who are always staying on the armchair long time will suffer all kinds of diseases.
First , they can go for a jog, walk instead of driving, or partake a healthy club.or join an athletic squad .
Fast track was proposed for stimulating the economy and helping achieve a balanced trade of the U.
Factors leads to these results are: first, the movement of foreign direct investment by the U.
S. to Mexico and Canada; second, the sustained and substantial appreciation of the U.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
Having been a member of the after-school activities club for a long time, I made lots of progress.
Furthermore, it is the English movies that i watched to improve my Engilsh skills.
In my opinion, to choose which activitie you will join in, you shuold think carefully.
Today an increasingly number of people believe that wealth is more important than wealth.
Nevertheless, I think health is necessary to us.
Health is important to us.
Because of good body, you can enjoy you life and study.
It is the basis of life.
I also think health is the base of wealth.
If you are not healthy, you would not have the chance enjoy you wealth.
I attend an electronic products fair in New York, which lasted for a week.
College is a full of culture atmosphere place.
College is linked with our civilization.
When I was high school , go to college is my dream .
Finally , I become a college student .
Secondly, I am thirsty in college life .
In my heart , college should is a free show stage .
You can improve yourself.
Else , we are also sure to look many interesting books and improve our knowledge level .
In other words , college is a fantastic place .
In order to come true our dream .
Exchanging with your parents is a good way to grow to mativity.
As we know, frustration is one of the part in life, it is important and must for people.
But nowadays, more and more students in college can not deal with frustration.
For example, in a competition, some students can not face failure.
So, they unhappy everyday, even to the extent that, they fear to attention other compettions.
Because they aways get parent's spoil he or she is god on family, they couldn't do anything ever.
So, I think perents should let children learn the independence, the students should learn to saving probleam oneself and believe in youself.
An idea to change things.
As university students, our life in university have a new interesting.
Like live in university, I like my room.
At university I make new friends.
I define the college life will become wonderful.
First of all, if we want to study together, there will always be people who will be late because of personal factors.
And then, Our campus obtains beautiful environment and positive to learning, but we cannot keep the indoor environmental of sanitation.
The last point, we seldom go to the library.
At least, we have a very deep friendship.
A harmonious dormitory life importance is to establish a profound friendship can let a person fell fortunately.
When exams are coming, a lot of student feel dizzy as a result of psychological burden.
First of all, you should make a list of review progress.
Second, don't stay up late before exams, cause you are in need of enough energy.
Third, it's important to you to sleep well.
A cup of milk and taking a shower before you sleep will also do good to your sleep.
Body language is important in many cases.
Some ideas go through my head when it comes to body language.
No doubt that body language seems significant and necessary in many cases.
Like giving a speech in public, showing you great appreaction at the family party.
In my opinion, there is no simple answer to the question of why body language is important.
But we can deeply feel it in some common situations.
Body language can shorten the distance between you and your audiences and help you set up confidence.
Let's take my firend may as an example.
Last month she took part in the English speech contest.
It's her first time to give a speech in public.
Together being asked several questions by the foreign teachers.
To my surprise, she behaved like a professional speaker.
Whenever she referred a complicated word of expression, she explained that with a speacial gesture.
For example, when she meationed someone with both feet on the ground  .
She stamped her feet with hands pointing at.
Everyone there felt so comfortable.
In some other special situations, body language is more powerful and appropriate.
When you want to leave a moment during an important meeting.
In my life, I frequently sound a proverb is that:  the early bird catches the worm.
For example, my junior high school classmate which was not good at study, he liked playing computer, but in someday he suddenly knows that study is more essential than playing computer .
So from that time, he forced himself to study for junior high school graduation test and didn't playing computer from that time, he spent more and more time on study.
  The early bird catches the worm.
Nowadays online shopping has been a kind of interesting faction.
In fact, we know, shopping online can take many benefits to us.
For many of us, it maybe a good choice as it is more cheap and easy to purchase.
Releasing more shopping time we can do more essential or useful things.
However, it also buys some problems to us.
We must be in caution of threading and our information's losing.
Sometimes we maybe chitin by businessmen even.
In my point of view, we should shopping online from a correct way.
When we shopping online we must take attention to fine things.
Sometimes it is a key for us to protect our personal information and safety.
Many important personal informations should be kept by a right way.
Everyone needs to know Study is more important than games.
and Great is great but not only the pass.
I am no the only children of my parents and I have a brother, his name is Y and he is a smart boy.
We both love our parents very much.
As a Chinese, I like Chinese culture so much that my favourite are landscape painting and classic music.
Expect, I also like painting, reading and play basketball.
Thus it can be seen, govenment need make a rule for factories of which the mission is out of range.
The Spring Festival is the most popular festival in China.
It usually happens in January or February, but not on the same day.
Before the spring festival, people always buy something to eat, and they often clean the room.
On the morning of that day, people are going to visit their friends, and children can get the red bag, it means lucky money.
They celebrate with a big dinner, and in the evening, they usually watch a special program on TV.
Motherly love is highly praised by people, because of its naturing and selfless.
However , Fatherly love is conditional love, it is as greast as motherly love.
My father is this kind.
I remembered once I was ill , unluckily , my mother was not at home at that moment.
My father acted as a mother to take care of me, he let me take some medicines when he knew me ill.
When I make mistakes, he always point out my mistakes patiently.
In my life, my father is like a big tree to me .
under the tree, I feel happiness and safe.
I am proud of my great father.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall, both popular and both outgoing.
Nonetheless Wang Lingling 's hair is longer than Liu Lili's.
Wang Lingling likes reading, nevertheless Liu Lili likes sports.
However, they're both popular and outing.
Though Wang Lingling is more serious than Liu Lili, Liu Lili is funnier than her.
Recently, with the development of internet services, blogs has aroused wide concern.
However, the coin has two sides.
so the blog is not avoid bring us some problem.
For exemple, there are some unhealthey things when we scan it .
so it need improve.
to be honest, it just be a virtual world .
As far as im concerned , i think the advantages of blog outweigh the disadvantages.
Because the blog is convenient to communicate, everyone can create it, it hasn't rulers.
  Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I ill spend the first four sharpening the axe.
I live in Qingdao, a beautiful seaside city.
It is in the east of Shan dong province.
The people in Qingdao are very friendly.
The weather in Qingdao is also very good.
Pretty hot and wet in the summer, but it can be quiet cold in the winter.
There are many local products in Qingdao such as Qingdao beer and Lao shan green tea and so on.
Many people often say eat clams and drink beer  .
If you travel in Qingdao, you can go to many interesting places.
The wind of May is a symbol of Qingdao.
And you will feel very comfortable blowing sea breeze at the beach.
Qingdao is a gorgeous and pleasant place.
Low-carbon lifestyle means we should find a way not only can make our life comfortable but also decreas carbon dioxide's produce.
Our university school sthdent as one of sociey it's also our dety to make a low-carbon lifestyle.
In daily life we should turn off light, computer and radio after use.
what's more we could instead taxi by bus or bike when we go out.
There also many things we could do to access low-carbon lifestyle.
In our daily life we can see immoral behaviors in public at many times .
Just like spitting on overpasses, picking flower in the park , speaking loudly in the subway .
These immoral behaviors in public bing about a lot of problems .
in addition , if we keep turning a blind eye to the other people's feelings, we may loose their respect some day .
I believe no one want to be a man who has disrespected.
I think for the government , our government should punish those who have immoral behavior in public.
For us we should keep our moral cultivation and we should teach our children do what they should do in right way .
Nowadays, more and more old become lonely.
As far as I am concerned, first, their kids pay more attention to their job, in their views, getting the better things to their parents and making them live a happy life, is a good way to show their appreciation, so they ignore that their parents need their company.
what is more, some people are too busy to take good care of their parents.
And, in some cities, people live a fast pace life.
Everyday, there are a lot of job given by their bosses, the must finish them on time, so they are always tired, they have no time to chat with their parents.
Besides, some people do not want to live with their parents, because they think they are old and always disagree what they do.
Because they give us life, and give their best to us, we should take good care of them, no matter what happen.
It is a serious problem .
Nowdays, there are many unhealthy habits among college students.
The unhealthy habits directly affect collect students learning.
I think the college should strength the education of the unhealthy habits to college students.
There is only a dining hall on campus so we have to go to it for food.
I think we should solve the problem to improve the quality of our life.
  Friend, we walk together always, and those days will never come again.
A sentence, eternal love, a glass of wine.
Friend is a shoulder when we are tired, and friend also is a helping hand when we are down.
Recently, a lot of people believe that borrow money form best friend can affect the friendship.
In my opinion.
I am in favor of the second viewpoint.
As the saying goes:  a friend in need is a friend indeed  I consider that friendship is not so fragile.
In times of trouble , after we borrow money from best friend and in the tide, we should return it to friend.
Regards men as superior to women the idea in the older a generation is specially serious , The idea continued for a long time.
I consider that our society there is no real equality between men and women.
Men and women have the different social division, so they don't have full equality of treatment and position.
In the today's society, the social status of women has increased, the relationship between men and women be well.
The equality of the sexes have been presented a law.
Both men and women in marriage rights and obligations is equal.
The different sex family member's in family rights and obligations also is equal .
With the developing of China, it has been a big problem of the air we breathe.
Haze has severely threatened our health.
As a consequence, the fog has become a serious problem in China.
The biggest reason which caused the haze I think may be the development of the industry.
The cars running on the road, putting out its terrible smell.
The severe environment problem have reminded us that if we do not take acton at once, the environment will be destroyed.
What we can leave our posterity behind may be nothing but the desolate earth.
The first action we should take may be limit the factories to put out the terrible smell.
In addition, stopping the endless building is also necessary.
Last but not least, we everyone should protect the air.
There is a will, there is a way.
In view of the computers'development, quite a few people are trapped into the anxiety that the computer technologies will replace the teachers and increase the unemployment rate.
In their opinions, it's possible that the teachers'occupations will be replaced by the popular computers in the near future.
However, for my part, it will never take place.
First and foremost, teachers are always the lamps to light up our path.
The jobs of being teachers are respected by all the people.
Perhaps, it's convenient and easy to get the information from the computers, but the computers will never discuss with you seriously, except the teachers.
In the next place, teachers are the most direct and emotional advisors.
They are more genial than the computers that it's only be regarded as a tool.
Although it can supply us with larger amount of knowledge, please remember the fact that the computer is created by human beings.
It can be seen that the people 's brain is more agile than the machines.
Finally, teaching is a symbol of educating children.
Teachers are the most influential person during the students grow up.
They teach them how to distinguish right or wrong, black or white.
Even how to be a righteous person.
  This is the true portraiture of teachers.
Going across the road when the traffic lights turn green is an important part of it.
further, I hold my opinion that drivers should drive as slowly as possible.
Traffic a big problem for ourself in a big city like Jinan.
If you want to go shopping.
Please take bus to where you go.
I like go someplace by bus.
Also it can make me see some great signs.
I like this way.
But seriously polution will make your city traffic go worse.
So i wish more people can keep the environment.
As Martin Luther King once said, I have a dream.
She wanted to relish the miracle in silence.
According to the chart which is about Shanghai in pollution, It can be obvious to us that vehicles accounted for 50 per cent of pollution.
In my opinion, the damage of smoking to our health and environment is much larger than vehicle's.
In 2014, my first English writing class.
I think is very funny.
In the class, English writing teacher Ms su is very funny words , but she is strict with us.
Secondly my classmates is active in class.
Last term, English writing teacher is Oscar.
Although I have some, I want to study hard in order to succeed.
Sometimes Ms su have told interesting stories to us.
That makes me spirit.
Then my first English writing class content is so divertingness.
Content is to write a favorite things or items.
So share I want to say.
My first English writing class let me very unfogettable.
Gradually, I have been initiativing to learn.
Nowadays, with the improvement of information and computer technologies, there appears a problem that would the computer replace the teacher in the near future.
On the average, people may not support computers but I support it.
I think if we take the essence and discard the dregs computers will replace teachers.
As we all know, teachers always treat a student whom is hard-working and have a good grade with a favor.
But I think it may make others are left in the cold and make them did not like studying any more.
Nevertheless, one computer only helps one student so there not exist that problem.
What calls for special attention is that students always pass the buck to the teacher.
If computers replace teachers, the student could not pass the buck.
Moreover, the teacher may use a lot of time to do the back-breaking job but it is much easier for the computer.
All in all, I am in favor of that computers will replace teachers.
The reason is many students don't like English, so they listen English class thing something.
On the hand, they aren't interesting in English class, on the other hand, they think study English useless.
Because theirs think English is not important in the future.
Spell English become careful-less.
Next, we grew up in the information age and dependent on translation instrument.
This kind of behavior is wrong.
The reasons for this phenomenon as follows : Firstly, merchants want to earn more money , so that they packaging goods originality and wasteful .
to draw customer's are very good faces of , the leads to the trend of over packaging .
In my opinion , we should take effective measures now .
Government must lay down the law to bound merchants , the most principal , as a customer, we should , we should have the consciousness that waste is shameful , saving is glorious .
I think that parrots make the best pets.
First, they can live for up to fifty years.
As a reasut, they can stay with you for a long time.
Second, It's easy for them to respond your emotions.
For example, they can make you happy.
Third, Parrots are really smart.
what's more, parrots can make you not to feel loney anymore.
If you say something, they can probably repeat you.
They can not only sing, but only make some funny sounds to bring you happiness.
In most universities and colleges, there are many exams set for the students.
The intention is obvious to exam the students' level but of course the marks one student can get is an essential factor to final grades.
From my point of view, cheating in exams is an dishonest behaviour.
There is no need to cheat if you only want to pass the exams but not to master the knowledge .
As a university student , we everyone should take a great responsibility to our study.
Though I don't do very well in all my subjects, Never do I think of being a thief , just to cheat more answers.
Because I know that this not good behaviour may lead to a bad result, that is honesty-losing.
As we konw , campus life is very beautiful and interesting.
There is no denying the fact that I have colorful campus life.
I remember the first day I came to the college.
I came to the dorm early.
And then I washed the dorm and I did my utmost to clean the dorm .
When the other student came to the dorm, they could't believe that it was so clean.
They mistook me was a cleaner.
In fact, it is so funny to me .
It is conceivable that the dorm's environment is very important to live.
Finally, my dorm's friend were very happy to see the clean environment.
In a word, we have a good beginning to start our beautiful campus life.
It is just a simple example to my interesting campus life .
Nowadays, different kinds of university ranking spring up.
Views on this phenomenon vary from person to person.
Some people hold out that the university is neccessary.
it provides information for students especially those who is going to universities.
Students can make decisions after they refer to it.
Secondly, to some extent it make the universities enhance their overall strength.
however, other people have different opinions.
They think it is needless to rank university.
Every university has its advantages.
University ranking has its unilateralism.
As far as I am concerned, we should use the usual mind to regard it.
As a saying goes, every coin has two sides.
So university ranking is.
We can use it as reference.
As the saying goes, We can only eh-large knowledge from practice.
Also there is a saying that practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
There is no doubt that we cannot separate them.
If we just talk about the theory and never practise it.
It will be an armchair strategist.
Theory is based on practice.
The theory which we have learnt from books was proposed by practising again and again by our ancestors.
However, on the other way, in turn, theory surveys practice.
The true theory can be helpful to the practice.
On the contrary, the false theory will be harmful to the practice.
As we all know, man's life is limited.
That means we cannot practise everything by ourselves.
But knowledge is endless.
Needly to say, the importance of theory and practice is a perpetual and invariable topic.
It will be helpful and useful to our life and many other fields if we can make good use of it.
Today, English is more and more crucial for us.
With the time develope, we will have more times use English in our studyang work.
I think if you want to study English better.
You most study listening English best.
Because if we tolk with each other in English, we need to hear what they say.
Now, our school give us a good chance to improve our listening English.
We have three hours every week to practice our listening English.
But many students can't stand it.
If they finish all work they need to do.
I think it is foul.
I think we should listen something we haven't listen to improveour listening English after we finish our work.
I'm Gina.
This is my room.
This is my desk.
My dictionary and my pencil box are on the desk.
That is my bookcase.
My books are in the bookcase.
That is my bed.
The quilt is green.
I always read book in my room oneself.
Dutch humanist Desiderius Erasmus once said nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
As the old saying goes, 'East, west, home is the best.
I feel it a great pleasure to online learning English .
best English lessons in the word.
English is convenient, flexible and inexpensive.
minds.
knowledge.
is a rewarding experience.
If you want to get on well with other people, to be a good listener is a wonderful way to establish relationship.
Nowadays, instead of finding a job immediately, there are more and more students choose to continue pursuing graduate study.
In my opinion, the main benefits of graduate study are as follows.
First, as we know, graduate study needs the spirit of studying by oneself vigorously.
So it can foster our ability of studying independently.
In the second place, by studying in one specialized field deeply, we can be an expert in this field and it is beneficial to job seeking in the future.
In my mind, it is not the key point that only obtained a Master degree.
Most important thing should be that we had a succesful graduate study.
Successful graduate study contains three aspects: outstanding capacity of studying, good communication ability and nice emotional quotient.
In conclusion, I think graduate study is beneficial and rewarding.
We need help from others throughout our life.
But sometime some people who tend to make use of people's help to get the benefits.
like money and other thing.
In my opinion, Help others is helping ourselves.
No one can out of things around and exist in isolation, but at the same time accepting help from others , we have to learn to help others.
I do.
I always like to enter the library for reading books.
In my subconscious, one will not read a book unless it is borrowed.
shortages of patient and backward pressure are long-standing problem in reading among people.
Howevr, people want toobtain konwledge while they can't insist on reading.
At this time, a nice idea occured to some one, that is borrowing books.
If the books are borrowed, there has been intangible pressure that urge man to finish it before the deadline.
The other reason supporting the viewpoint is a phonomena of psychological scarce.
We always regard other people's stuff as the most precious in the world.
As the old saying goes, A book that remains shut is but a block  .
As a boy, he was slow to learn to talk, but later in his childhood he showed great talent about nature and ability to solve difficult mathematical problems.
Because the children there all suffer from serious illness.
No body understands their pain.
I will go to their to teach them to tell stories.
This helps them express their feelings and i wil teach them ti sing because music can bring them joy and peace.
I will improve their courage and help them raise their spirits.
Welcome to my hometown.
Fuyang of Anhui is my hometown .
it's a beautiful place.
It stands besides a wide river and is rich in fish and rice.
In my hometown you can see big trees and nice flowers.
In my hometown my favorite place is Laogudui , because it's a give all of us happy and laugh of place .
Most people thinks this is a good phenomenon, because they believe this can adequate use the ability that people can do they are good at some things, besides this may help the civil development quickly and technology progress; but some people don't think so because of the life, they said that this is hard to adopt the life of civil, and they prefer living with they relative rather than colleague, such as mother, father, daughter and son.
Thesedays, people around the world should bear stress from different directions, especially those who live in urban.
As children, they should struggle for the good marks.
Parents and teachers give a great many resistence on them.
As adults, they are busy working everyday in order to earn enough money to support the young and the old.
Competition, tricks, terrors.
Some people enjoy living a stressful life for the reason that they can keep chasing.
They feel energetic and meaningful.
These people are suitable for jobs like managers and boss.
On the other hand, many people don't think so.
Too much stress make them be out of breath so that they are not happy and complain about a lot.
Such is human nature that we all want to be respected and successful.
However, competitions between people are fierce.
As a result, we can see tragedies all over the world.
As far as i'm concerned, the development of human being is magical.
In modern world, we have to accept a lot including happiness and unhappiness.
We cannot control luck but we can control our attitude towards lifes.
Life is colorful, how to live is up to ourselves.
If we pursue extraordinary one, we can be success.
Remember that there is no can or can't, just you wanna do it or you don't wanna do it.
I'm L, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
Everyone is looking forward to you participation in our class, which is a wonderful group.
There is no need for you to worry the unfamiliar environment, because everybody is ready to help each other .
Besides, all of us can speak flunet English.
So if you join us, I'msure you can make friends and like here quickly.
In addition, the climate here is similar to that in the USA.
So I think you can adapt to it.
In your spare time, you can taste all kinds of delicious traditional Chinese local food.
And I can be your tour guide if you need.
What's more, if it is convenient to you, please introduce some special American culture.
And we'll exchange our culture as well.
National Day is coming .
we students all have a pian fou it .
I am going to Guilin .
My aunt lives there .
I am staying at my aunt She is showing me around the beautifulcity .
I am taking some photos .
My friend form Wuhan , Hubei I plan to visit Beijing forvacation .
I think I can sleep long time but the day is last .
so, the last day Iplan some time for look after my mother .
this holiday l am not only piay happy .
but also understand my parents .
after l dont complain to my parents .
the things they done are good for me .
Gorky once said, Books are the stepping stones to human progress.
My hero is my parents.
My parents not handsome or beautiful.
he is 42 years old, he not tell, but he very strong.
I think my parents was my hero, all through my life and .my mom is a loving mother.
At present, many person are in love in different ways.
For example, there is a convenient way that boys and girls communicate with each other .
It is online communication.
The development of Internet provides a new way of making friends and being in love to people.
So, cyber love is different from other ways of loving.
Because love is born of beauty in the distance and love feeds on mystery about each other.
Cyber love has these features.
But each coin has its two sides, there are aslo some bad sides.
For example, some people may be tricksters.
They can take advantage of Internet to do bad things.
I believe that cyber love has it own true love.
Because love is a product of communication, and cyber love makes people feel the beauty of distance.
Online shopping's fun is found by more and more chinese internet users.
The centre people of the chinese internet says, the first half year there's over 87million chinese people shopped online, that means one fourth of the chinese has experience of online shopping.
The ages between 18--30 students and white-collar workers are the majority of online shopping, their monthly income is about 1000-3000RMB.
Women shoppers or more than men.
Clothes and houseware are most online purchases.
In the past 200 years , no country in Africa escaped being crushed under the boots of European colonists and the people there had to endure cruelty, humiliation, slavery and extermination.
Some reporters report news and events about China just in a dishonest way, by which they could get more gains, for instance , money and reputation.
If they do not obey the order , they would be kicked out.
They take little chances to access to China TV and programs or newspapers and magazines.
As we all know , a badly earthquake that had happened in WenChuan, in 2008 , which is the second largest one after an earthquake that had happened in1978, TangShan, HeBei Provence.
Many people from every quarter of our country , including workers , soldiers, doctors, teachers etc, do all they can to help local people.
And our government allocates supplies to the regions promptly.
Some Western countries support the action of the Dalai Lama .
It is a world with science and technology , maybe every country has a secret weapon.
Just as the old saying goes, The early bird catches the worm.
I'm glad you ask me how to learn Chinese, I here are a few ways to learn good Chinese, you can recommend to you.
First of all, you can take a class in Chinese, you can better learning Chinese, is also likely to encounter very familiar with Chinese friends, you can ask them to have a difficult time.
If you want to be a doctor, you should study very well.
If I am a doctor, I will free to help them and give them a lot of supply.
I think doctor is important all over the world.
She wanted to go to university .
Because of her hard studying.
Her dream has come true.
I like her draws.
She often talks about her draws assertively.
And we talk about law sometimes.
She is easy-going with whoever she encounters.
In her viewpoint, people should be harmonious when we get-together.
She would cheer me up when I was in low spirits.
She is enthusiastic.
I had no much money to go to hospital when I was ill last year.
She lent me money and send me to hospital .
She is the girl who has no arrogance and doen't go with the flow.
So I am.
I appreciate her.
Time flies.
National day is one of the most important holiday in our country , and this day is the longest holiday in chinese law.
These books content are about the culture of country, animal, ; ierature, science and technology.
I will go to your school to take part in the summer camp and put the bok to you.
Whatever your answer is.
It goes without saying that there is no smoke without fire.
There are many reasons accounting for this phenomenon.
For example, if they are busy, they put away the book they have.
However, The situation is quite different from that if books are borrowed.
In that case, they can have a lot to say when they get together.
Travelling has many advantages, which make us enjoy the beauty of the nature.
On the other hand, travelling is of benefit to us both mentally and physically.
By traveling, we can enjoy the beautiful scenery in different places.
I like travelling, because I can continuously train the ability of communication, which can do a great favor after we get our job.
I have a dream when I first entered the university , I hope I was able to in the first year in college pass my CET.
But, in the first year, I have not listened to the lectures in each English class and did not take the initiative to remember vocabulary .
Because I do not have a strong will and there is no effort, I did not succeed.
Strong will to success passes, without a strong will not always adhere to, they will not put into action and there would be no harvest.
Perhaps the success of only one step away from you, however, the absence of firm belief, there is no stick, it will leave you galaxy far.
Now, I at 6:30 every morning will get up to read English and every day to do a reading comprehension.
I hope that in June this year, I was able CET.
I'm afraid I will give up halfway, you can not stick to it, I do not want a loser.
As the city developing , more ang more person come to cities to make livings, which will make housing drop behind the needs.
And land agents make the use of the situation to get big fortunes.
The most powerful power lies in our government.
Some college students maybe have been found that they have been fallen into unhealthy habit , something like that admitted to surf the internet, often sleep very late, cost so much money everyday and so on.
so if you want to get a good future, Not do the things which are bad for you , if you want to change you life, try to do the things like this: make a thing line, list the things which you should do today and tomorrow; make a time line, list you work time and sleep time; make a money list, come up with which money you have used in a wrong way and so on .
E-book, as high-techological outcome, has sharply changed our lives.
some people believe that e-book is good for environment.
Human beings are no longer cutting down trees for making books .
Owing to its digital, all the resource can be downloable at anytime, anywhere.
However, the others hold the opposite ideas.
In their minds, the biggest disadvantage of e-books is that it brings visual and spychological strain, although it has powerful development and space.
What's more, anyone can load down anything from the Internet for free.
That results in copyright issues.
It's unfair to the writers.
My personal conclusion is that e-book is just a tool which helps us doing things better.
In the future, it will be improved in order to make better service for people.
It tends to micromation, intellectualization and so on.
As we all know, as to colloge, we must meet a lots of trouble ovre and over again.
but, trouble can make our syrongy.
Therefore, why we are so afraid when we are meet trouble.
as a result of our ability of deal wiath troble is very bad .
For this problem, family and school should do some things.
as to school.
they can Giving lectures about frustration.on the other hands, family play an important role as to colloge stdent.
My name is H, but call me H if you like .
I am 20 years old.
I'm from Z county, Y city, Q province.
There are five member in my family: me, sister, brother, mother and father.
I have long hair and a pair of big eyes, there are innate slim.
About my character, I con't describe it well, but generally speaking, I am a hard working student especially whenIdo the things Iam interested in.
And Iam confident and outgoing.
Sometimes, I prefer to stay alone, reading book, dancing, but I am not lonely, In my spare time, I often go shopping with my friends and do some sports.
Almost all the qulities are owned by her.
First, she is hardworking, she is always does the housework by herself.
And she can make kinds of delicious foods.
Second, she is not only a good mother, but also a kind daughter-in-law.
She looks after my grandmother patiently and she is never fed up with doing that.
Last, also the important reason I love my mother is that she acts as a friend in my life.
When I was deep in spirit, she encouraged me never to give up.
She is a good listener, she always gave me some advise when I was hesitate in doing something.
My mother told me a lot in life and stuy, I learnt that I should try my best and never give upI .
I feel I am a lucky girl in the world.
First of all, it's no doubt that children became capricious and innocent now, because in the most families, there is only one child, they must give their children all the love they can have, which may spoil them to some extent.
It is the reason that caused the treason and innocence of children.
From this aspect, parents shouldn't indulge their children too much, and they can't always be obedient to them But secondly, it doesn't mean parents don't give love to their children.
Because in the society, there are still having many children making serious mistakes, such as committing a crime, just they lack their parents' love, which resulted in their psychology's problems.
So children need their parents' love and care.
The last but not the least, parents should give their right love to their children.
On one hand, in their study, parents can have reservations in giving their love to their children.
They should be strict with their children and encourage them to work harder.
But on the other hand, parents should care about their children's health and talk with them about their personal life , especially pay more attention to their psychology.
I have known that you are interested in a famous TV program called The Voice of China.
It belongs to a kind of reality show.
The judges sit back of the singers, if they think the singer has a excellent voice, they can turn their chairs back.
As far as I concerned, this TV program attracts a large number of young audiences.
Many ordinary people are involved in it and become famous.
The U.
Almost every family has one or two car to travel, to visit relatives and friends, to go to work, to pick up the kids, to attend the meeting, to enjoy the car brings joy and so on.
Different people have different habits.
Here are some unhealthy habits.
Such as liking sleeping late , cost much , and addicted to games.
All of the habits are vitally bad.
cant Be absorbed in listening to teactherspeech .
we cost much can lead to us very poor .
Even we have no money to buy food , that is harmful to our body .
Fascinated with games also distract us from studying .
All in all , I hope students of college dont make oneself relax heavilly .
pian for ourself .
If that, we can develop a healthy habits gradually.
With the development of science and technology .
The living standard of people also follow to improve .
It forward genera lization, high speed developed .
Expamd our knowledge .
Of couse, internet also have the dark side.
Some people establish not health website .
Teeenager the browsing the web site .
Cause teenager listlessness, Addicted te internet theganme.
You can't imagine how excited I was when I knew the news that you would set up an Spoken English lesson, Though I can only make some easy communications with foreigners, I'm eager to speak English fluently, as English has already become the first language in the world.
what's more Ireally want to be internationl and travel around the world by myself.
If someone ask you who do you love most, I believe almost of you will say the person one of your family members .
we met in our hight school.
he is a thoughtful, forgiving, caring and tender youth.
In my eyes he just like an elder brother for me.
When we are deskmates , all he did for me let me be happy and moved.
In the winter, when the weather was getting cold, he would close me to a cup of hot water.
If the weather was going to be worse, he allways remembered reminding me to wear a thick.
Once he found that I am not happy, he may get down to sang a gentle song or sat down with me in silence.
Eventhough sometimes he was not a good listener like most of boys, he also gave me the warmth what I wanted in the past time and will continue to love me in the future.
He is just a special lover, as my relative.
Some of them hold the view that it's good for high school students to get online frequently.
They think that going online can not only acquire knowledge, but also open our minds.
In addition, we can chat with friends in order to exchange ideas.
However, the other students hold the different opinion.
They think we should try not to be online for so long time, because it's harm for our eyes.
Moreover, if we lost ourselves in chating and playing, we will lost interest in studying.
Also, going online will waste our time and energy, as a result, we have no time to revise and exercise.
As far as I can see, Internet is good but we shouldn't go online frequently.
We should go online for our study, not only for playing.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of technology, network commnication has become an important way to communication.
People rarely reach an absolute consensus on such a controversial issue.
Some people believe that network commnication will take place of the others sooner or latter.
The advantages are that you can chat with everyone you want without going out and it's a way of instant messaging.
Moreover the network commnication is much more convenient than any others.
However, others hold the absolute opposite view that the network commnication would never be the one.
Network commnication is not that officially in their eyes.
What's more, face-to-face commnication can never be replaced.
In terms of my opinion, I'm inclined to the latter one.
Even if the network commnication is convenient, the previous ways of social contact will not disappear.
However, things were not as easy as I had thought.
We often got up very early.
Sometimes five o'clock, sometimes three o'clock.
The most challenging day impressed all of the students a lot and all of things seemed hard to come over.
We got up at 2:30 am , ate some bread as our breakfast.
Then, we would hike nearly 20 kilometers.
Unluckily, the weather was too bad for it had an extremely heavy rain and a strong wind.
But we still need to go on.
At the beginning, we ran for a long distance and we were not allowed to take our umbrellas.
We were cold, sleepy and worried.
The rain became more heavy and the wind was more strong.
When we took the umbrellas, some of them were broken by the wind and rain.
All the way, we just had two rests.
The most terrible thing is that there was no toilet.
We were thirsty but we can't drink too much water.
After 3 weeks of military training, we started our academic life.
We became more busy.
We are supposed to take classes from morning to dusk.
In addition, after class, we have to do a lot of homework.
It results that we almost have no time to do what we really interest and want to do.
I get along well with my roommates, we usually eat together, go to the class together and study together.
We complain about the meal that we eat now and then.
We may talk about our teachers and some classmates' interesting things.
We often have conversations on the ways to keep ourselves healthy such as drinking more water and go to bed early at night.
In our dormitory, it is pretty that no one stay up late.
We are very pleasure to inform you that the projected goods under our NO.
J-29 Sales Confirmation has been shipped by S.
PEARL  .
And it will be transported on S.
MAYFLOWER in hongkong.
Dreams are the goals that people want to achieve.
When I were a senior high school student, my dream was going to a university where I can grow up.
In order to success, I made a plan and put into practice .
In the morning, I waked up early to recite the crucial articles, formulas and poems and so on.
In the afternoon, I went to class and completed my homework after having a simple break.
And on the evening, I will review or prepare lessons.
During this special period, I studied as if I will die tomorrow though the labour was very hard.
After I attain my dream, I know that my labour is very valuable.
Because NASA is in U.
University life is mysterious.
Suddenly, I have already came to the college life.
About university life, l am full of curiosity, one of the best things about university life is living away from home, I have freedom to do whatever i want to do.
In spite of this , I still keep happy , it gives me a lot of benefits.
For example, i can make friends with my classmates or other people.
I can give happy for my roommates , so they call me little funny than.
I think the university life let I learned to independence .
Many people are suffering from extreme climates, acid rains or food poisoning now.
It's high time that environmental problems should be recognized as an essential source of threats to human survival.
On the one hand, hazardous substances should be controlled to allow for proper treatment while residuals for safe disposal.
To everyone's knowledge, we should spare no efforts to help avoid those man-made disasters.
I never thought one day I could to be a teacher.
So many years, the only thing I do is to learn to be a good student.
I finished the homework my teachers ordered, reciting the articles.
I never want to be a teacher, but today, I should teach the middle school.
Suddenly, I'm a little afraid.
I don't know if I can take the responsibility.
It's unbelievable.
So, this means my English is not good.
I should do more practice.
Firstly, I think the most important reason is the market competition.
Every business wants to develop themselves better.
Secondly, the business are looking forward to earning much money.
So they use kinds of way to the commodity packaging and lead to excessive packaging.
The last but not least, I think it's about the mind of customers.
To reduce the excessive packaging.
On the other hand, the business should to ensure the quality of the commodity, not only to pursue the excessive packaging.
In addition, the customers should set up a right consumption view.
A good school should have a good teacher.
I think that the good teacher rich in knowledge.
This is very important.
And then the good teacher is intersting and amusing .
Students get good grades in exams.
So like to give students a lot of tests; love to talk to students.
On the holiday.
Last weekends I helped my mom to make too much chores, but I still felt happy.
First, Icooked breaketfast, after the breaketfast I did the dishes andsweep the floor.
then Iwashed the clothes and help my sister make the bed.
Next I cleaned the living roomand water the flowers.
Finally I washed the clothes and took out the rubbish.
I didn'twatch TV until 13:00.
More and more Chinese internet users found the pleasure of online shopping.
The CNNIC said, there were more then eight thousand seven hundred million Chinese bought things on the Internet in the first half-year, that means there are a quarter Chinese netizens had experiences of online shopping.
And most of them are eighteen to thirteen-year-old students or white-collar works.
Woman shops on line more the man did.
We expect that the trend of online shopping will be just increases and never decreases.
Second, I have to obey the rules such as the limit of using electric appliances.
In the long run .our Earth has changed a lot.
for example.
The severe air pollution alarms humans of the heavy load we have project earth .
but some people usually by car and fell trees .
Therefore, Earth is our home .
Second, try hard to develop possible transportation means, which are enviromental friendly.
we should project animals.
because the are our frends.
we should reduce ourself cars.
because it is cause air pollution.
to protect the environment.
governments of many countries have done a lot.
we are should save water.
yes, you must have noticed that.
Maybe you also want to persuded them stop killing, only because your power is very small, the killer think money is the most important.
In our society, a lot of productions make by some rare animalst, some medical, some cloth, and some food, and so on.
if our customers refuse to use those things, the works will not product that.
Maybe a lot of customers think using those things can show my power in our society, but i think it's very wrong .
if you have a kind heart to protect the animals.
it can also show your beauty.
it's not only apprance but also your heart, the beauty from your heart is real beauty.
so our customers shoud change our opiont about the wold, learn to protect animals, creat a safe place for their to live.
So let's stop the business, let's help our friend to grow, no business, no killilg.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman very happy beacuse the meat with water sold out.
In order to earn themselves benefit, they can deceive other people without hesitate.
In my opinion, what the vital quality for a person is honesty.
It can help us open ourselves heart to others and also give our more opportunity to read others action.
Today my english teacher asked us to write a composition about problems of my life.
I feel a little confused.
It seems that my life goes well so far.
I have no problems with it.
I abide by the law, and go to school on time.
respect my teachers and parents and so on.
So i find I have nothing to sty on this topic.
In another word, I think I'm perfect as a students.
I am a student and I have so many problems that I must work hard at school.
So I have no time to do some sports and we don't speak to our classmates.
I can't watch TV at home.
play computer games or listen to music.
I've also got a problem of easily for getting things.
I am the monitor of our class.
One day .
When I arrived home after school .
I suddenly remembered that my homework sheet was left in the classroom.
So I ran back to my home school in a hurry trying to get it.
As soon as I stood in front of the door of our classroom.
I reailsed that the key of the door.
Which was kept by me.
The monitor was put on my tableat home.
Oh no.
How serious this problem is.
Personality exhibited the moral character of a person .
Everyone have a distinct character .
As for me , I have my own personality .
I am optimistic though I often have few words in the public.
When I face misfortune , my optimistic character will help me tide over the difficulties.
Sometimes I am not that enthusiasm for people and someone will view me as a cold person, but to tell the truth I am an easygoing person.
I try my best to familiar to the strangers.
With the development of the society and the business, more and more people worry that they have not get a job.
Firstly, you should be confident.
As we all know, so many people around us are very famous.
They are very confident.
When they are communicating with others, they make themselves related and they are always humorous.
Secondly, you should care your body language .
As far as I'm concerned it is one of a barrier to succeed in your job interview.
I want you know that you should change the style of sitting, wear a normal uniform with a tie and change some bad habits for yourselves, even though it is a little difficult.
Lastly but not least, you should learn your own professorial knowledge well.
I think if you don't have ideal technology, when you are in the job interview, you may not say some useful things to persuade interviewer to admit you.
I travel last week.
just back.
Nowadays, the low-carbon lifestyle comes to capturing people's attention and becoming more and more popular.
A low-carbon lifestyle refers to a kind of lifestyle consuming less energy thus producing less carbon dioxide, which is very harmful to the environment.
As we all know, excessive carbon dioxide can cause the temperature of the Earth to rise , which will result in global warming.
As a college student, I have an obligation to protect our environment.
I make up my mind to develop a low-carbon lifestyle by making small changes in daily life.
I will ride my bike instead of taking a bus as much as possible.
Besides, I will switch off the lights every time before I leave my room.
A series of problems follow.
Most parents don't live with their children together, so it's easy for them to produce a lonely mood.
If parents older, their action is not flexible.
As their children, we should go home more often, clean the house even do some housework.
At ordinary times, we could always call them, chat with them and share something new with them.
They may be very happy.
The older are similar to the children, they all need to be loved.
Therefore, give the parents more love and care.
Today my speech topic is how to take part in evacuation drill.
In our shool, every term will hold the evacuation drill.
It was known to all that this activity wants to teach us how to face the dangrous situations.
Nevertheless, when this activity was helding , students are not serious about this.
For example, sometimes students are going to laugh and talk loudly.
My speech is over.
I hope you can take my advice.
As all humans, we hate to be promised with something that is never done with action.
The government has repeatedly to the guarantee of food safety problems will be strict inspection and supervision, but in recent years the illegal activities about food safety are emerged in endlessly .
The government should employ the actual action to ensure the food safety, rather than promise.
Just as the saying goes:  Actions speak louder than words.
Moreover, in China .
You should pay me a new one.
Once my grandpa said:  Children should be placed in the heart of pain.
In Africa, antelopes open their eyes every morning and the first thinking is that they have to run faster than the fastest lion runs.
With the rapid development of the society, many youths left their parents and hometown in order to earn much money and catch up with the trend.
We have only one earth, so please protect it.
But now people are doing something to hurt the earth.
For example, people catch many fish in the sea every day, it's make the fish fewer and fewer, and they put a lot of dirty water into the sea, this pollution the water.
Now, there are many factories on the earth, the factories burn things to make energy, and it is pollution the air.
People also pollution the ground, they throw the rubbish away and put Plastic bags under the ground, and we cut dnow the trees, desproy the forest and animals home.
This all hurt our beautiful earth.
we can't live with out air, food and water.
The youth are the future of our country, and those of them are the main power of prosperous development in China.
With the process of society, it's necessary for them to be an international, comprehensive and open-minded person.
As a member of society , the influence of our behaviors is not restricted to ourselves, but also probably to others.
It's quite common nowadays for some people to meet their own needs regardless of other's feeling.
Namely, everthing must be followed by his satisfactory.
Take my dormitory as an example.
It happens frequently that someone talks to her boyfriend on the phone while others is trying to fall asleep.
In addition, if people always treat themselves as the center of the organization, they tend to be more unsympathetic.
When her roommate falls sick, few offer to help, but regard it as none of their business.
Another example is that some young people spend money as much as they have.
Virtually, they take less care of how hard-working their parents are.
On the other hand, parents also have the legal obligation to teach their children to be become an useful people, not just cater to their needs.
For the reasons what I have mentioned, the youth in China today are more self-centered and unsympathetic than were previous generation.
The new eco shops people have inaugurated is unusual in essence, entirely different from the physical shops in real life.
In contrast, the demerits of online shopping cannot be in defiance of.
You don't know me; you wire the money to me.
Ten years later, maybe I will get married to a girl or maybe I will still live with my family.
  I can't live without it.
Whatever he does, he never gives up because he has an amazing strong will.
I tell my friends to keep on getting up when they full and to always love themselves.
There is a pair of opposite ideas on group cooperative learning is good or not.
Some people consider that it is good.
Some people would say that it is not beneficial to study English.
They hold this view because classroom discipline would be bad.
Someone prefer to study on his own rather than study together.
As far as i am concerned.
I agree with group cooperative learning is good.
Admittedly, we can adopt other's strong points while overcoming our weak point.
Furthermore, it also active classroom atmosphere.
Finally we would share the joy of learning.
but i have a letter free time .
I want to study English for different reasons.
I have some kind and patient English teachers, and all of them are ladies, so I feel very warm.
I like seeing English movies, because they are better than ours.
It's necessary to communicate with foreigners so I want to study English well.
I can catch the meanings in an English song after I study English.
For the requirement of society, I must be able to use the English.
I think Christmas Day is very inportant day , because in Christmas Day we have holiday and we can play and eat dinner with our parents .
According to the Bible, the holy book of Christians, God decided to allow his only son, Jesus Christ, to be born to a human mother and live on earth so that people could understand God better and learn to love God and each other more.
Christmas meaning celebration of Christ honors the time when Jesus was born to a young Jewish woman Mary.
In the story, the cook show his daughter three things in the boil water to answer his daughter's question.
In our life we will encounter many problems which we can't avoid.
At this time, there is no choose but face it.
Even though we can have the best way to face it.
After that they study to protect themselves like an egg its thin shell had protect its liquid interior, but it is fragile.
At the end, it has many experience can become coffee bean.
In some big cities , have a lot of people had not house and they had to rent the house .
First, more and more people get to the city and their family also go to the city.
theny need houe to life .
Second, if you want to buy a hous you must have enough mony, that is to say the house is expensive.
It my opinion the goverment shoule bulit moer and more economical and practical property.
in this way, more and more people will be have own house.
I can take care of myself but not very good.
The photo was taken by WuZeYang.
The boy who is in the photo is my friend WangZiJie.
He was tall and he was in a yellow shirt at the time.
He is good at running, so he entered the competition.
Even though he was the last one, he was very hard and became the first one.
He was the first one pass the finishing line.
  Nowadays, with the rapid development of society, people attach great importance to diligence.
In my opinion, to begin with, not all of us are genius.
If an ordinary person want success, he must be working harder.
Otherwise, he won't have any advantages to achieve success.
Furthermore, the more you pay, the more you gain.
You pay more perspiration for the project, you are able to find the best way to do this work.
For this reason , you can do the work well and achieve success.
Last but not least, diligence is a really precious character for us.
In summary, from what has been mentioned above, we may conclude that diligence helps to achieve success.
Diligence plays a significant role in our society.
This movie is an accurate story.
The U.
The teacher makes their students interested in their class.
But she also will like to give students a lot of tests .
Maybe the teacher is a strict and unsmiling teacher.
But she also love to talk to students.
She always kind and patient when we make mistakes.
Sometimes be angry with us.
The teacher have to have rich in knowledge.
Although he was so cold, he didn't wake his teacher up.
He waited for a long time.
Finally his teacher woke up.
He was surprised because the ground was covered with thick snow here and there.
He really looked up to his teacher.
I had a long holiday for National Day.
I want to go to Beijing.
Because it was the capital of our country.
And I also want to go to DaLian.
As the weather it was very good in Dalian, especially the scenery and seafood.
At home.
I helped my parents to do farm work, and it was very tired.
In the morning, we got up at 5 o'clock, about 6 o'clock we will go to the field to do some work.
Such as cut the corn, cut the sorghum, cut the sunflower and so on.
In the afternoon, we often go to the field at 13 o'clock, Because I don't often do some work.
I think this was the best way to experience life, and also let's know the fatigue of the parents, will inspire us to study hard.
In today society, Blind-date show becomes more and more universal, whenever we turn on the TV, those incredible scence of on blind-date show would pop up the screen.
An increasing number of channels show On Blind-show, they may seem to be fantastic and funny, a large audience is fascinated by them.
They also can let strangers become objective affection.
It is an extremely good way to find your Mr.
Right.
On the other hand, some girls on the show are very realistic.
Thanks for your last letter asking about the popular TV program, The Voice Of China.
As a reality talent, the program has a feature that the judges audition without watching the singers' performance, aiming to show its honesty.
Judges sit on chairs with their backs to the singers and if attracted to the voice of certain singer, they can turn the chairs in order to show their interests.
In my opinion, with great honesty, The Voice Of China has attracted plenty of audiences, turning out to be a huge success.
Therefore, it appeals to me a lot as well.
I hope my introduction can be of use for you.
frangkly speaking the great majority of chinese are a bit gluttonous, while unfortunately they have to be trapped in a terrible situation where they could hardly find safe food.
they are unable to choose a reassuring milk powder for their baby.
Absoluty answer is the problems concern physical health.
Most importantly, inabliity of regulatory authorities to solve the problems makes them fearful.
TO figure out this matter, government and masses ought to be together in an effort to find ways out.
First of all, there must be effective regulations to block the source of profit of the operator like tidhtening inspection of accounts and taxes.
Secondly, treat the masses as a smart inspector.
Clean off obstacles and accept the complaints of consumers.
For above reasons, the food safety problem is a long-term undertaking which needs everyone's striving.
Welcome to one of the four big foshan Jiu Hua mountain my hometown is very beautiful .
It is generally considered the fable of Professed love of what one really fears.
This offers a typical instance of the greatest talkers are always least doers.
I'm glad to write to you.
Last year I met you in camp for high school students learn language in America.
Now, my school THE HIGH SCHOOL ATTACHED TO NANKAIUNIVERSITY will have a similar summer camp this year.
Last year, I felt very happy at summer camp.
I made many new friends and learned a lot of knowledge about language.
This summer camp , we will visit the city.
You can learn the Tianjin culture.
The most important is that you can experience Chinese family life.
My roommate was watching the football game, and he cheered his favorite team while watched.
The sound of his voice and the voice of the game was very large.
I feeled very angry.
I think he is a kind and considerate person.
It's my privilege to give this speech.
You must accomplish your speech within 5 minutes.
In the third paragraph, We'll never parley; we'll never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang.
  From this nothing will turn us-nothing.
In addition, Any man or state who fights on against-Any man or state who marches with Hitler is our foe.
In the fourth paragraph, -without distinction of race, creed, or party.
My girl friend, who does any thing clumsily.
But that's also why I love her.
One day when I waked up, I was so tired that I couldn't got up from the bed.
''Meanwhile, the celephone was ringing.
It's my girlfriend's number.
Nowadays, poison gases which are let out from cars or factories and the excessive disafforestation in many countries lead to a worse and worse air quality.
What's more, some big cities are seriously polluted.
As for people, they inhale the toxic air pollutant which will cause lung cancer or other disease and then do harm to their body.
Therefore, actions like controlling the quantity of cars and banning the factories from discharging pollution need to be taken immediately.
Whatever people do rely on the Internet.
It is undeniable that Internet has become the utmost concern among people.
Acorrdling to reality, it's impossible.
The reason can be listed as follows.
For one thing, Communication on Internet can not convey real emotion and not easy to touch.
For another, It is not safety for us to talk vital something, and it could be dangerous.
However, not everyone shares the opinion.
I had stated my mind that Internet could not replace it.
Reading books are a way to study and relax, but the books are so much.
Someone hold the view that we should read reading selectively.
They think that different books have different effect on person.
And we should choice the book which useful for us, such as science books, art books, literature books and so on.
They thinks that those books can increasing our konwledges and ability.
Others people thinks we should reading extensively.
Every books have its effect for person.
For example, nagatively books can help us releising different life experience and attiutude.
But, we should not read books about forbidden and unhealthy .
as far as I'm concerned, I think we should reading extensively.
We can't have many different life experience but we don't ourselves life.
So we should learn and get some class from others by books.
''Knowledge is power.
This is a saying from Francis Bacon.
As we all know, a good book can make you a big change and influence your life attitude.
Reading is an important part of my life.
When I was a little girl, I began to go to school.
And I learn many things from books, include Chinese, maths, Englih, Geography and so on.
Although some people hold the point that the best way of learning is practice.
I can't agree with that.
First of all, only we know enough knowledge, thus can put it into practice.
To sum up, we are supposed to acquire much knowledge from books, and then put it into practice.
As long as you are his children, can hold to enjoy happiness, and the effective period is the end of life.
Later, gradually understand once naive how I hurt the heart, then, to hear their words of concern, feel guilty in the heart.
There is one thing in the depth of my memory.
I used to deal every subject well in my elementary school, so i carried pride to go to my junior school.
I promised to my parents that i would never make them disappointed.
On the contary, i was just talking and laughing when other students worked hard.
In my youth, this experience was to change my whole outlook on study.
Since my parents and teachers are not a bit happy about my scores, i had no alternative but to work hard.
I deciplined myself to do more exercises every day.
However busy i was, i recited more phrases than others.
Especially the white snow.
I believe that many students have never seen snow.
In the meantime, Not only are the boys and girls both skating in the river happily, but also they can have a good time.
It's good for us to share our things to others.
One day after school, I felt so hungry, so I brought some cookies.
When I was eating, I noticed that my brother was looking at me.
I thought maybe he was hungry.
So I gave him some cookies.
When he was eating, he was so happy.
But now I know, because of sharing, I can feel very happy.
Call someone that you walk 30 minutes everyday and do whatever to keep you blood pressure number to 115/75.
Eat an ounce of nuts a day.
Because nuts raise HDL good cholesterol and decrease inflammation.
What's more, learn your HDL number and do what you can to raise it to 50.
Eat 10 tablespoons of tomato sauce a week and you will get a great benefit.
Floss you teeth regularly Eat no more than 20 gram of saturated fat a day and as little trans fat as possible.
in my school has floors first floor.
there are six class rooms .
there is a canteen .
there are eleven teachers'office and an Art room.
Third floor , there is ten class rooms .
and eight teachers  office.
forth floor .
there are eight class rooms.
there are eight teachers office.
there is a computer room.
Our class rooms is in the forth floor.
In our class, there are some table, it's green.
I often read many books about this , and watching the science fiction film .
With time goes by .
But now, I am a student of university .
But, in spite of this .
Yes, there are a lot of things like these you can see in China, such are parents love their children that children are losing their independent gradually, and there are more and more parents complain about their children can't make decisions by themselves.
In the first place, parents should give children their own private space, and let them make decisions by themselves.
Parents can give advice to their children and help them make decisions more correctly, not to inference their children in every aspect.
Furthermore, parents should also not to laissez-faire children and more efforts should be made by parents to help their children to be independent.
Finally, I think children can find a part-time job when they not busy.
A part-time job can help children know more about our society and they can learn how to communicate with people.
As far as I'm concerned, parents should help their children be independent, instead of determining everything for them, and children should be most happiest to improve the ability to overcome difficulties independently.
In my view, character is one of the most essential things in our life.
We are students, studies are extremely important, but the character education is as important as what we study at the school.
It means that schools should attach great importance to character education when they practice students' study abilities.
As is known to all, the importance of character education is obvious.
To be a great person, we should do as a role model to others.
Character is the basic of being a person, then we can grow in a right way.
Or we may make a lot of mistakes in our life.
With the merger of east and west, Uwe Scholz return to the west from the Soviet Union.
So, Uwe Scholz needs used to maintain the operation of the theatre.
She is an honest woman and work hard during the working time.
As we all know, though the future is variable, setting up the concept of planning is beneficial to living and becoming what kind of person is the major factor to influence your economic income.
As for me, after long deliberation, I intend to be a designer who is serious, humorous and responsible.
First of all, being a person who can do the things you like is available for that we live happier, and the designer is what I love most, it is not nothing but interesting, so there is no doubt that I want to become a designer.
Secondly, I want to be a person who has the ability to do the things you like, interest and ability are equally, indispensable.
Anybody which is blind to this may pay a heavy price.
In addition, design is a serious thing constitutionally.
Finally, I think in the good designer is also an attractive.
Having the sense of responsibility, sense of humour.
Of course, the dream turn into a reality is difficult.
Working hard consistently, so that you could become the person you want to be in the future.
By this criterion, I will strain every nerve to do such a person.
On the development of the electric network , an increasing number of people are involved on the internet .
The development of the electric network provide the new wags of love and make friends, so cyber love become more and more generally .
Love is a product of communication , everyone has an authority of love.
love feeds on mystery about each other .
On cyber love two ones has a mysterious, love is born of beauty in the distance.
Cyber love also has the disadvantages , true love does not grow without contact between two minds and true love depends on acceptance of each other's merits.
On cyber love we should more and more carefully .
Love in one's heart is like a hidden fire.
Charles dickens's life was full of legend.
When he was 11 years old, his family get in trouble.
But Charles was lucky.
He worked labelling in factory; the job was very hard for the young boy.
He never told the work experience to anyone except for his wife.
But he learned something useful from the job.
When he was 15 years old, he worked in a lawyer's office and worked out his first publication.
When he was 21 years old, began to appear in magazines.
He wrote some famous works bofore he was 24 years old and he wrote another ten novels over the following 24 years old.
When he was not writing he was either traveling.
He became the father of ten children.
One of his pastimes was taking a long walk at high speed.
He was popular in Italy and his death made front page headlines.
As we know that there are much violence exists in cities.
Many people couldn't change the situation except build a new town life Milton keynes.
The reason of violence is that the planners lack of control.
The only way we can solve this problem is that we can create circumstances where people feel more control.
There is another way to change the situation.
The government should be nudge people in the right direction by taking every opportunity to foster a sense of community.
The most important is that they were set up by voluntary action.
Everyone should be responsible for community.
Because many supermarkets are in the city.
Not only can you buy tasted food, cool drunk, pretty clothes which just you want in the supermarkets, but also it is convenient for us to go shopping, and you can shop online.
Finally, the city living people have wide choice of shop, and they need different kinds of services.
L should prepare some materials.
Third, l put cream of mixed into toaster, the temperature of toastor should keep between 120*c to 170*c.
then, l use some fruits that decorate my cook.
You can discover such a practise phat, a book, even cloth as a mark which suggest the seat is taken.
That student who occupy a seat definitely want to improve their study, the actions contribute to opposite forces, however they can have a comfortable seat to get the knowledge at any times.
On the other hands, it is so unfair to other students even they go to classroom or library in early morning.
As far as I am concerned, I opposite the behavior totally.
Reserving a seat is not fit the moral of university students.
We should usher in good manners not this.
Although there is so much water on earth, there is a little water we can drink.
With the development of industry, the pollution of water is heavier and heavier.
Meanwhile, a lot of waste is made by people in daily life.
Some of them pollute the clean water.
And the farmers also use clean water to irrigate plants and fruits.
What's more, there are some people don't have a sense of protecting the clean water.
They pour the waste into the river.
Local government could make some advertisements that tell people how to reuse water so that to save water.
We should take measures immediately to protect the clean water.
We should develop a good habit of using water.
When we see someone is wasting clean water.
We should prevent it.
The local government should make some law to punish the actions of wasting or polluting clean water.
I think.
If we all spend time to doing something to protect the clean water.
The first thing to do is to make sure when and where will you go with your companion.
If you need to go there by train or plane, you should go to ticket office to by the ticket or pay for it on the internet.
Above all, I disagree with the view sending young people outside for education without their parents' accompany .
This article mainly tells that the U.
Despite the increase in exports brings the U.
The lesson was all a film, a story about love, about miracle: August Rush.
It was the third or the fourth time near the end of the term that Maria had given the Video, Audio and Oral English.
A girl met a boy and they fell in love at the first time, they had a child but lost.
Then the girl became a woman, the boy became a man.12 years later all of the three went on their way to find the others: the mother, the father, the child, the lover.
Therefore the only connection is music, the three thought the more sound made the closer they got to each other.
There would be a day together they believe.
When the film over, Maria let us talk freely, anything can get proper responses from her.
Not a long time I lost in my world: Listen, can you hear.
The music.
I can hear it everywhere in the wind, in the air, in the light, it's all around us.
All you have to do is to open yourself up, all you have to do is listen.
Even now I still keep the day in my mind.
That day in the summer, a story August Rush, the old Maria's passion, my meditation.
being a teacher can bring you a lot of happiness.
family and have more time to take care of people who you love.
teacher enhances your life's quality.
other aspects, you can find that you are happy when you see these changes.
I got two tickets to a concert awarded by Westlife, an extremely popular singer group nowadays, this Saturday evening at Guangzhou International sports arena.
I cognize you are their fan so I'd glad to invite you to come with me, both of us will have a wonderful time there.
An old woman sitting in front of a mirror saying his son to go to work, grandson to school, a person rather lonely at home.
This picture fully reflects the lonely elderly people only look at himself in the mirror.
Contemporary China gradually entered the aging society, the elderly are also more and more.
Many lives as lonely as the figure for the elderly.
First of all, the idea of the elderly can not keep pace with the times, they are unable to adapt to the Internet era, such as my grandfather would not use mobile phones, computers and so on.
Received by the rural elderly urban life completely rely on their children.
Now, more and more people start learning another language, so they will meet some trouble.
Some people may think learning language is difficult, but in fact they can acknowledge it easily.
First, reading it loudly is crucial, it can help you remember the vocabularies quickly.
Second, you can try to see the English films or listening to the English songs, it also can improve your learning skill.
Third, I think you can try your best to communicate with foreigners, because they are native speakers, their flow is original.
my partner .
I have my breakfast at about 6:30.
Then I clean my room, wash my face and brush my teeth.
I do morning exercises at 7:50.
My sister.
I go to bed at 10:00.
In the current society, the civil service continued to heat up extremely, and the number of college graduates increased year after year to apply for the civil service.
And even the emergence of more than 3000 individuals compete for a position.
The reason, I believe it is the change of times.
With the prosperity of economy and the progress of society, the employment situation is extremely serious.
The economic efficiency of enterprise is not stable, and employees are not guaranteed.
College students own business risk is heavy.
In terms of tackle this kind of phenomenon, personally speaking, I approve of speed up the reform of the civil service system.
Specific performance in the following aspects: First of all, the government agency should abolish the system of lifelong tenure civil service posts.
Secondly, government should break the wages of a secure job.
It is true that these measures are beneficial.
Nowadays people have spent lots of money on shopping, and some of the person have not control shopping.
So that they buy many useless things.
some person like buy use coupons or when it on sale.
Firstly, when we need buy and have coupons we can use it to buy.
but do not buy too much , through it is cheaoer than before , as well we should mind it quality.
Secondly some shops have coupons or sales , we should buy useful things, do not buy useless for you life , and too much papers pack is also not mentions well goods.
and it is waste money.
Last but not least , everytime when we shopping what is you need and what is you like , not buy just because of like it , it is also waste money , because you buy it but do not use it .
If one killed another or committed other crimes, he would be sentenced to death .
In order to deter crimes, the death penalty has a long history.
With the progress and development of society, human civilization has got to such a high point that people begin to pay more and more attention to the death penalty.
Every country has made strict law about what kind of crimes deserve it.
In the recent years, the death penalty has been getting much more attention than ever before from people all over the world.
Whether it is a step back or not has been a hot issue.
Some people believe that the death penalty is a step back and should be abolished.
They don't suppose that the death penalty will deter the crimes; and will bring more pain to the families of offenders.
While others oppose it.
They claim that it will take effects on decreasing the rate of crimes.
As far as I am concerned, I'm in favor of the former one.
If one murdered another , the one wouldn't come up to life again even if the other is sentenced to death.
Furthermore, it will cause more tragedies .
And if one committed other crimes, what has done cannot be undone, so his death would not change anything.
I admit that the death penalty will deter crimes in some way, but it is too cruel for the criminals'family.
And it can't deter the crimes wholly, what'more, , it will bring more sorrows to the society.
Though it is a must to punish the evils, I think that there are more ways other than the death penalty, however.
As far as we can know, Every year hundreds of thousands of people in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
In my opinion, I think it have many reasons for this phenomenon.
The phenomenon should be attributed to following impacts.
Firstly supervisor sounds like pretty job.
Conventional wisdom is that working for all citizens is respectable.
If one is a citizen servant, all his relatives may feel pround in our country.
Secondly, it is believed that supervisor has good job condition and fascinating salaries.
The permanent job makes people feel security especially in this new, diverse, competitive society.
Form my opinion, national civil servants can be an appealing career out of question, but everyone should make their choices by considerate thoughts, rather than go with the stream.
I insist that, in any profession, there is someone excels all the rest.
In my oppinion, circuses should be banned in our city.
Like Andrews said in the letter, wild animals have the right to be free in the world.
They also have the feeling about the environment around.
I think they also like freedom, enjoy the time playing with their friends, want to live with their family happily but not live in small cages, full of training everyday.
Nowadays more and more people become care about animals, we should also care about animals in hundreds and thousands of circuses, some of them may be old, some of them may be sick.
QQ most wo konw, and many people have QQnumber, accord to me, most student have QQnumber, and them very like it, not only that, some old peopel have QQnumber, and I think the old people is very fashion.
So, we can konw how to QQ with great charm.
For the RenRen, I think most student know it, RenRen is a website, people can use own true information registration, so, most primary school student and old people haven't RenRen account, but RenRen still very hot, because people can speak freely and make friendship with another.
As to it, I want to give some basic information .
I want to travel , I decide to go to Paris.
When I go to Paris , I will go to Paris nightclub.
In my opinion, university life is colorful.
because I feel unhappy, I do not like the city of Hohhot.
Remember to attend college entrance examination when the university is like a dream, but now expectations are far greater than the disappointment.
In addition to every class is dwelling in the dormitory, slowly lost interest in learning.
Hope for the future.
Study hard make progress every day.
More friends, actively participate in various activities and community.
I think it's good for me.
To have a life of their own.
Will bring us a lot of useful things.
Dear Mr.
I'm L, a middle school student from China and I'm study in London now.
My suggestions are as follows.
Firstly, the hoster of the house must be enthusiastic and he can speak English fluently, so it's easy for me to communicate with him.
Secondly, I hope the hoster can offer me to free wash my clothes and I can cook by myself.
Finally, it's better that my host family is in the center of the city and it's convenient for me to take the subway to my school.
The Social Network Sites are so popular in present society.
There are many different views on this, someone think Social Network Sites is good for us, because we can making many friends in that and can enrich our leisure time, The Social Network Sites to provide a plat form for the exchange.
We are pleased to inform you that under our sales confirmation No.J - 29 of the goods shipped S.Pearl , was transfered by S.
Nowadays, making a conservation-oriented campus is extremely crucial.
And the conception of conservation-oriented campus is economical and harmonious.
Life's environment would get great.
Briefly speaking, economy makes life more nice.
The conservation-oriented is a new and faddish topic .
For us, we don't have a sense of the economy.
It's exceedingly terrible.
As a student, we should regard school as home.
In other word, 'love me , love my dog'.
On the one hand, consevation-oriented campus help students gain resources and energy.
In order to create a conservation-oriented campus, and taking action is best way.
Frist of all, we must have a habit.
We have a deep-entrenched misconception prevalent among college students.
On the contrary, the economy is a kind of virtue .
Then I could suggest and influence others.
There are some positive suggestions.
Saving water is a meaningful thing.
Saving water is to cherish life.
Schools ask students to save water.
We should take advantage of electricity.
Do never make the light on in all daytime if undue.
It isn't easy.
Students should reduce to use disposable things.
Students could recycle whatever we can lay hands on.
And so on.
We must recognize that the minor efforts by a single individual may make a tremendous difference.
From my point of view, one of most essential aspects is the patient.
Great campus is our home where we live in.
Let go to create a conservation-oriented campus.
Last but not least, weather we take part in the active, we would play an essential role in our campus.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall and have straight hair, but Wang Mingling's hair is longer than Liu Lili's.
They also have different things they like to do.
Wang Mingling likes reading very much, but Liu Lili likes sports.
They are popular, too.
No, she isn't.
Wang Lingling is as outgoing as Liu Lili.
Wang Lingling is serious to her classes, and she's a hard-working girl.
She always gets better grades.
Liu Lili is not as serious as Wang Lingling, but she is funnier than Wang Lingling.
And she is smarter than Wang Lingling.
As far as my considered, College is a minor society and it is excellent and full of challenge .
High school like a sea of knowledge and it make you to enrich oneself .
She leave an impression on me during these days of starting school.
Her teaching methods is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.
So we can understand better.
But we didn't review the notes again.
She is patient with every students.
Nowadays, with the widely use of the Internet, people are becoming increasingly aware of the significance of the Internet will not isolate us from ne another.
From my point of view, the Internet will not isolate us from one anther.
I'm L.
I am so pleased to tell you about my high school life.
I got on well with them.
They always help me when I felt a sense of loss.
In addition, I studied hard in my high school and English is my favorite subject.
I made efforts to improve myself.
Luckily, I made steady progress in my study.
sometimes, we took part in extracurricular activities.
for example: dance, sing and help others.
We have only one Earth, so please protect it.
Firstly, people catch a lot of fish and put dirty water into the river.
It pollutes the water and kills a lot of fish.
Without clean water, we can't keep healthy.
Secondly, people throw rubbish everywhere.
It costs the land pollution.
And there will be fewer and fewer animals because this.
Without clean air, there will be more and more diseases.
Finally, people cut down many trees.
This destroys forests and animals' homes.
Without forests, there will be many hurricanes in the future.
So if we want to prove these problems and have a beautiful Earth.
We should wake up people who are still hurt the Earth.
When the Earth becomes a place we can't live any more, it's too late for us.
We have only one Earth.
I think everyone wants to live on a beautiful planet not a dirty one.
So we should take care of it.
Welcome to nursing house.
Besides, most squanderers lack of saving awareness and the sense of responsibility.
Animals are our friends which live with us under the same sky in the world country.
They kill the elephants for elephants' tusk; they kill the rhinoceros for rhinoceros' horn; they kill the tigers for tiger skin as well as tiger-bone; they kill bears for bears'-paws; they kill the sea turtles for turtle shell; they kill.
They kill the animals just for money, just for their own benefits.
In this mercenary world, it should be have someone to wake up the conscience and the duty of human beings.
To keep our child away from lonely in the future, we must take actions, for the beautiful blue planet shouldn't be lived only by the human, but also by the animals.
As a consequence, we should protect the wild animals.
The man of insight try their best to safeguard the animals.
In 1980s, China declared that we used other things instead of using the rhinoceros horn or the tiger-bone.
A ball is a part of a bat, a bat is a part of hand, hand is a part of a man; so a fin is a part of a fish fin, a fish fin is a part of a shark.
Please not to eat fim.
I'm a sophomore year of college.
On the one hand, I think the optional courses are advantage to us, because it is can broaden and enrich our knowledge, soar experience and improve our generalizing power.
In the optional courses teaching, in addition to learn the technical expertise, we also can learn cross disciplines.
But, personally I think the optional courses is important to us, because I mind thirsted after more knowledge.
Then, I will become a person who have mang skills and experiences.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
Switzerland is a developed country which is situated in the middle of Europe and next to Austria, France, Italian and German.
It's generally agreed that Berne, the capital of Switzerland, plays an important part in terms of politics and economy.
What's more, Switzerland actually has a number of rarely tourism resources and its natural sightseeing is indeed beautiful and unforgettable.
As a result, it is considered the garden of the world.
Long before, a monster took away lots of children from many families every year so everyone was afraid of him.
As a result, the monster didn't come any more.
A good teacher are very important to children.
I think a good teacher should king and patient.
And making mistakes she just smiles.
Teaching is so well organised and clear.
And students liking her.
A good teacher can take care of students and students will grow up healthily and happily.
Nowadays.
the number of private car has increased sharply in the past decade .
for a developing country .
it is an obvious great interpretation for its powerful economic basis .
but some serious consequences are followed .
From the foregoing .
English is more and more significant to exchange, including lisening and writing.
A number of reasons may explain the phenomenon.
Frist of all, a lot of students think speaking is more important than writing.
They can use English to exchange is enough.
what's more, students become more and more lazy.
They don't want to spend much time in reciting words.
Last but not least, students is puzzle about many similarly words.
To deal with this problem successfully, school can have English speech, and have some measures to let students know it.
At the same time, teachers should emphsise the importance of spelling.
recetently, more and more people prefer to go shopping on the net, developed area in particular.
As is known to us all, different people have different thoughs.
Some people like shopping on the net.
They think it's a convenient thing for them to find the producs they like.
What's more, it's a trend for young people.
While others don't think so.
Because of many false corns appaered, they doubt the authenticity about this.
In my opinion, shopping on the net is a good thing because it conbines technique and sopping, giving people conveniency.
But we can't relay on it too much.
The Dr.
Alice Green says Kids should have time to relax and think for themselves, too.
First, the type of food.
As the saying goes, People make food their heaven.
Nowadays, people can eat great varity of food.
The problem of eating and the clothing has been solved.
Aside from these changes, there are many changes around us.
In my childhood, my Dad made a severe impression on me.
I often got beaten by him, so I have to say I'm afraid of him.
From child to now, he paid close attention to my grades, , also, sometimes I was beaten because of bad grades.
but, in my senior, even if I got grades badly, he never quarreled me.
From him, I think I would use the same way to love my children.
After selecting a good book, you read it, and absorb it, you will get far more than simply read.
Harvard University is my dream university.
It is the longest one of the first-class academic institutions in U.
S. history and it is located in Cambridge.
When I was a little child , elders often took Harvard University as an excellent example to encourage me to study harder.
However, I haven't know something about it until now.
From books, I know that since its inception, Harvard has nurtured many U.
Creating a conservation-oriented campus is equal to sustainable development campus.
A conservation-oriented campus not only makes us develop a good habit conservation-oriented habit, but also it can save lots of money and other resources.
Meanwhile it can make us environment clean and comfortable.
we are teenagers and we will go to work after several years, we will and need develop his kind of habit as an extra advantage in the competition.
In order to create a conservation-oriented campus, we should keep this good kind of habit that not throwing papers and plastics, and we need often keep our campus clean and tidy.
We should save water when we use water after dinner.
A good habit may determine our future , so we should try our best to creating a conservation-oriented campus.
we are very glad to tell you that the good NO.
J-29 under our sales comfirmation have been shipped by S.
Pearl  and make a partial shippments in HongKong by S.
My aunt is an elder member of a family, but as for me, she is my dear friend.
Aunt is a nurse, now working in a big hospital.
When was a child, aunt had went through a hardship stage.
While aunt was a infant, the grandma died of illness.
Although being lack of mother's love, aunt still became a kind person.
She always told something about her sisters'love gratefully.
I will never forget one thing that she had told me: no love, no life.
When she grew up gradually, she wanted to go to school.
Owe to difficult condition, it had made a great effort to let grandpa come into agreement.
So, my aunt studied hard.
My mother had told me some plots about my aunt'studying.
Aunt always recited text while doing housework.
No extra money to buy new note-book, all of the aunt's homework was written in pencil and it can be wiped out easily, therefore, the one note-book had been used several times.
Where there is a will, there is a way, aunt was admitted by a famous university.
the school life, aunt did many part-time jobs to make enough money.
Besides parents, I like to tell aunt everything that happened at school.
Aunt listened carefully and smiled happily.
No matter who had done evil deed, capital justice officers should consider carefully and repeatedly , punished them from taking serious consequences after testifying truth .
As his statements, people should love each other and keep good relationship with each other .
the death penalty is against with the Confucian thoughts .
A corrupt official corruption 100 million was sentenced to death, compare with a rural person robbed 100yuan .
After all, the world must go on - and we should improve our moral quality and sense of law .our government can not prevent but can release the rate of happening step by step .
the capital justice should improve and perfect the criminal laws .
Besides with the development of our country, college students have high demand on their remuneration.
My name's Susan.
Lucy is my best friend of the world.
We have something different and someting the same.
We are in the same school.
And we are in the class.
But I don't be her deskmate I feel it is terrible.
Though, I can meet she on the way every morning.
It's great.
And we both like reading.
We often go to the library together on weekends.
Also we are differentfrom each other.
My hair is long straight.
But hers is short and curly.
I'm LiHua who is your penfriend.
I had a good new to tell you, I know you want to go to China to teach English.
I have some information about this school and I hope this information can help you.
Every week you are responsible for after class English activity of school.
There are also other reasons for students to choose electives such as for credit.
The first time I saw my college, the beautiful scenery made a good impression on me.
Walking on the track , I felt very happy.
Owing to living with others for the first time, I couldn't adapt to my new life at first.
Fortunately, I have kind roommates who help me a lot in my life.
Accompanied with them, I live a happy life.
The first challenge I met in college is military training.
Because most of these days were cool, the military training wasn't as hard as I thought.
On the contrary, we had shows in the evening and the drillmaster was humorous when we were trained.
After that, the beginning of my college life is coming.
What I find is that college is different from high school.
We have all kinds of activities to choose from and so many different people to meet.
Everyday is full of surprises.
And we can allocate our time to accomplish what we want to do in the college.
We are the host of our life.
As for my daily schedule, I get up early at 6:00 am by my alarm clock.
Because I have to do morning exercises at 6:40 am, which makes me depressed.
Then I would have breakfast and begin my new day.
As is known to us, college life is precious in everyone's life.
Ape man knew how to used tools, microscope was invented by Leeuwenhoek.
It's become a very comment phenomenon to share our own view and thoughts or chat with other people on line.
In my opinion, Social Networks is playing an important part in our daily life.
Every morning I get up, opening the computer ang logging the Social Networks is the thing I do fitst.
From the Social Networks I can get many informations or news which had happened in foreign, our country, city, friends or family.
Specially in colleage, I found I can't leave the Social Networks.
Because I go to the univesity in other province, so I couldn't see my families or best friends all the time .
Thought there are many fraud evens in Social Networks, I certainly believe that people cheat by themselves but not Social Networks.
We will organize a foreign language training course because of the large export order we have won .
Responsible for marketing products staff ought to attend the course.
We will start from 8th October to 16th October .
Now, whether Special Festival Gala on CCTV should be cancelled or not becomes a heated topic.
Different people have various ideas.
On the one hand, some people in favour that Special Festival Gala on CCTV shouldn't be cancelled.
Because they think Special Festival Gala on CCTV is extremely interesting.
On the other hand, some people agree with that Special Festival Gala on CCTV should be put off.
They believe not only Special Festival Gala on CCTV is very boring, but also cause other interesting programs can't be played.
When it comes to Special Festival Gala on CCTV, I'm feel fully excited.
As for my opinion, I think watching the Special Festival Gala on CCTV is a traditional, no matter how interesting the other programs are, they won't take place the Special Festival Gala on CCTV.
The Spring Festival is considered as a traditional festival that people get togrther to celebrate the arrive of the new year.
My Spring Festival was spent in my grandparent's home.
On the first day of the New Year, I helped my parents put up paper cuts and made dumplings.
We saw beautiful fireworks through the windows at night and watched the Spring Festival party together.
We were so excited that we have chatted with each other for a long time.
First of all, while at college, we should continue to study hard for our future.
We should cincentrate on our major study.
Second, if we hold an excellent foundation of our major, we will enjoy the courage to doing everything.
We also have chance to create our future with our effects.
We must make a plan and put it in.
Besides, we can join in some clubs while we are interested in.
our country has great the great wall, the beautiful summer palace and our beautiful tianan men is more.
My name is P.
I am a girl who is already 18 years old that came from H where have many delicious fish and wild duck.
Although I have never see.
And in my free time I always listen to the music, especially English songs.
I like it as well as watch the English films, I think it is full of intellgence and makes me happy .
I am not good at sports, it is difficult for me to peresevere in doing sports.
Instead I am more interested in sleeping in the bed.
so my mam always worry about my health.
Every time I stay at home.
she will ask me to do more housework in order to take me move.
So I can not sleep as I want in my home.
In my opinion, First of all, we should communicate with college students, though this way, we can know a lot of students and benefits from each other.
Second, we need to be sure of oneself, think that what thing self does being able to make it.
I am Z.
I am a middle school student.
I like singing, eating delicious food, watching TV and playing ping-pong.
I like going shopping and watching TV in my free time.
I often go shopping and take a walk with my friends on the weekend.
Sometimes we finish doing our homework and eat out.
The everyboby have the diffient dream.
Me too.
So I have a big dream.
because my father and mother are lawyer.
May and family influence on.
I think the lawyer is very good and fierce.
So I'm like a lawyer occupation.
My first memory of school was the school enviroment.
There were many beautiful flowers on the garden.
The flowers smells quite good.
It's make a deep impression on me.
My favorite activity was the spelling game.
It was fantastic.
It was not only interesting but also meaningful.
Besides, I was impressed with my firet teacher.
The chinese teacher was a very enthusiastic woman called Ms Han.
I still remember her.
My first best friend was Mary.
We often talking to each other.
And we had a good time.
I have many hobbies, such as reading, watching TV, and skating.
First of all, different books brings me different pleasure.
Fairy tales books can bring the joy to me.
Through reading, I can trace back to another country which I want to visit for a long time.
Finally, reading connect between my dream and goal.
Reading has become part of my life.
To have the argument some questions, proposed my opinion.
Moreover, we are able to avoid misunderstanding the meaning of a word according reading the English paraphrase .
Currently, almost everything we use in our everyday life comes from natural resources, ranging from the food we eat, the water we drink, to the wood which is used into furniture.
With the development of technology and population growth, the amount and range of materials used has increased at an alarming rate.
In addition, the global eco-system has also such deterioration that industries should take the responsibility.
Maybe different people have different views about reading selectively or extensively.
The reason why I said that reading selectively is better than reading extensively is that most people can't spend much time in reading.
Most people have their own work and are always busy , so they have no enough time to read extensively.
They have no choice but to choose the books what they like .
And in other hand, reading selectively is more effectively than reading extensively in learning.
We all live in a big world, there are many appealing places.
Located at the west of Liaoning province.
Jinzhou is an attractive coastal city.
It is adjacent to Bohai sea.
Consequently, there is a college called Bohai University.
Also, Jinzhou is a metropolis, for it has 10301 square kilometres and a population of 3130 thousand.
Most of the time, the weather in Jinzhou is extremely conspicuous in the four seasons, in winter it is cold, at the same time, in summer it is hot, and in spring and fall, the climate is warm but windy.
However, the climate's levity is also an attraction of Jinzhou.
Jinzhou's most propered place is Center Street, which is intensely beautiful and flourished, on both sides of the street, there are many shops.
I always go shopping with friends on weekends.
It is enjoyable, The most fascinating part of the city is Putuo mountain scenery, regardless of the horizon where a scenic spots, and makes the person feel singsong.
Although have crossed, sea, but dose not make empty turbid have paradises feeling, just think of these different landscape concept makes people stunning.
Hall, Mount Putuo is to win, and magnificent Haitian on deep, Lansheng mountaineering, overlooking the blue, a floating in the sea island, white dots on the road.
Scenery is moving.
Around the sunny island beach, there are many major is sand and 1000 steps.
Thousands of step sand beaches, summer is a curved.
Putuo mountain is maily buddhist temples are: resort, faye lifeline and each year, the pilgrimage to abbots pilgrims up and millions.
Besides, you are sure to have heard about the Bijia Mountain.
It is just like a Bijia.
You have never seen so wonderful sight.
What'more, when coming to Linghe Park, it is just an amusement park, there are a great variety of entertainment facilities.
Other than the above introduce, there are many other absorbed sights in Jinzhou.
Liu Qing lei is my good friend, he's 12 years old, he's form China, he'Chinese.
His class is Class5 Grade1.
His friend is Betty, Betty is form Endland, Betty is 13 yeas old.
his in Class 2.
Only if try our best to reduce carbon can we share the benefits of the environment.
Last week, our class was held an interesting match.
Firstly, when I first time to see the pig, I think is very easy to draw, Because it is much simpler, but I am really too naive.
Secondly, when everyone has finished, it is more ugly than picture.
It looks like a cute cat, or a pig who was fed up.
So our group are talked about this.
Daming gets up and washes his face at half past eight.
He eats a healthy breakfast at a quarter to nine, and he write his homework servious from nine to half past ten.
From half past ten to half past eleven, Daming does exercise in the park.
He has a delicious lunch at twelve o'clock, and he has IT classes or English classes from one to three o'clock.
Daming reads many kinds of books from four to six o'clock.
He has a bit of dinner at half past six.
From seven to eight o'clock, Daming searches for information on the Internet or watches his favourite TV programs.
Online shopping is becoming more and more popular among people of all ages these days.
There's no doubt that online shopping has many advantages.
Firstly, people can just sit in front of the computer and select what they need instead of walking or driving to the shopping mall which might be far from home.
Secondly, people are allowed to buy things cheaper since people can compare the prices of the same product in a variety of shops easily on the websites.
Nevertheless, there are also potential disadvantages such as the safety problems of your credit card passwords when paying.
In my opinion, we should check for more details such as customers' comments before we make the purchase of the products.
At the same time we should avoid buying things which are of great importance to us on line.
It is in Tianjin, near the Tianjin Unversity.
We have P.
The computer rooms are on the fifth floor.
It can keep healthy.
It makes me comfortable.
I don't think my school is a good one.
Nowadays many people hold the opinion that proverbs are going out of fashion.
Despite the fact, as the old ones are falling into disuse, new ones are being created.
Such as ''Actions speak louder than words''.
As far as I am concerned, it is as a guide for how to live life.
There is an example, whoever expected to study english well must spend a lot of effort and time.
But some one just shouting everyday and never put value on studying industriously.
What you say are truly significant, but what you do seem to be more essential.
Winter holiday is coming, Daming want to keep his holiday plenary.
I consider Daming slept too much.
He should spend more time on study.
With the improvement of the microblog service and the influence of some star-bloggers  , a large number of catchword come into our eyes.
When it comes to catchwords, different people will give different answers.
Some people believe that these catchwords is a lack of respect of traditional culture, and it will misleading the youth.
Personally speaking, catchwords conform to the trend of the historical development under certain circumstance, which should not be eradicated.
The effect of smoking was divided into three quarters : First, it is easy to cause the heart disease and lung cancer; second, smoking affected your personal impression.
Finally, taking secondhand smoke is dangerous for person who never smoking before, probably caused the disease about smoking.
As the proverb goes, smoking is a benefit without harm.
With the development of the society and economy , the world becomes smaller and smaller.
So human beings can do almost everything at home instead of going out.
What's more, the Internet is developing so fast, people can use it to do anything , such as chatting, shopping, studying and so on.
Online shopping is so convenient that people can buy anything they like on the Internet.
Now, many people prefer looking for something sensibly only by sitting in front of the Internet to walk on the street for several hours .
However, each icon has two sides.
Shopping online remains some risks.
We cannot guarantee the goods' size and quality.
Maybe we see it beautifully on the Internet but in fact it is beyond our thoughts.
The majority of people believe that making a good impression will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skill, which may put them in a favorable position in the future job markets.
But not all them are make it .
My ideas are as follows.
First of all, we should be greeted others in a friendly manner.
Besides, we should learn to listen more rather than speaking more.
But do you know why we have the situation.
Some small rivers don't have water.
The number of trees is decreasing and many places turn the desert .
So water shortage is more serious .
Do you think it's time that we took actions to prevent it .
they should raise people's awareness , they can have some activities about saving water .
Scondly for us , we can reuse some water .
He wrote that, Women are directly fitted for acting as the nurses and teachers of our early childhood by the fact that they are themselves childish, frivolous and short-sighted (Schopenhauer, 2011: 344).
The grounds for this lie deep in the very nature of things  (Schopenhauer, 1969: 573).
First of all, for the benefits of the phone.
Through which students can contact with parents and teachers.
As for its disadvantages, students will play mobile phone during classes, which has an bad effect on learning.
Some graduates take the attitude that study abroad will be a good choice, but others hold the idea that they supposed to find a job to make a living.
Studying abroad can promote the understanding with foreigners, expand our horizon, But the environment is unfamiliar maybe you will like a fish out of water.
Find a job after graduating can develop the sense of independence and integrate into society better.
As for me, I prefer the latter choice that find a job to make money after graduating.
Because study abroad needs lots of money.
My family can't afford to the tuition.
Last weekend, I went to the Great Wall with my family.
I am very happy because I can go to the Great Wall.
The city before the gate, a little boy ran to me, and he asked me where can he buy the ticket.
He was very happy, and said  thank you  .
When he back, he told me he was come to china to travel alone.
We do a self-introduction and invite him travel with me.
I said to him  the Great Wall was a spectacular thing, because it symbol the chinese , so I think it very spectacular.
In the evening, we will go home, we make friends each other and agreed to write letter in the future.
we were happy.
Today, we draw a pig game in class.
The name of the game called painted pigs.
Everyone wants to draw something like pig.
Students will be blindfolded by other command.
Have a look with team pig paintings morn like.
When you have eyes when darkness, teammates gave me strength.
In the process I see the students are very hard to command, very excited very hard.
Finally the end of the game, the team I was winning.
The game that you own will not be successful.
Now, more and more people become rich.
According to vocation, people feel more and more happy.
Somebody always under stress, so they always feel more and more angry.
They think all things is left.
Then, quaillty of work is lower.
So it is important for us to have a rist.
But now, bad something always happen when we have a tourist.
like smoking where is not allowed.
Sometimes, you could see someone speaks loudly in common.
It is not right to tourist.
When we go to vocation, we have got to keep some rules and polity.
Now , those things always happen somewhere.
But more and more people always do these things every day.
  According to News, we can know these happend every country.
This is an important problem to all of world.
Now, this problem need goverment and school to help.
In school, teachers need to teach students refuse these.
And goverment have got to do some work to deal this problem.
Network can help us to enjoy our life.
If we treat each other with our sincere, we can learn a lot from each other.
On the other hand, if we have difficulty, we also tell each other to find the way to solve more problems.
Besides, in the process of the communication, we also need be ware of each other.
In a word, If two persons communicate with each other , I believe we can find our accurate love through the network.
With the growing prevalence of vehicles, a host of problems have emerged.
The letter is to prove that Mis.
so, can you tell me some experience about study.
I want to inviation you come china, china have a lot of beautiful place.
Thanks for writing to me about your school life.
I usually get up at half past six.
Then I wash and leave home at six forty-five.
My mother always drives me to school.
I have my breakfast in the car.
Our first lesson start at half past seven.
We usually have math, Chinese, English, physics, chemistry and so on.
I think physics is difficult and it never be ma favourite lesson, but I'll be hard-working.
Our chemistry teacher is very kind and patient and we all like him.
I always do my homework at seven o'clock.
Finally, I go to bed about ten.
This my shcool life.
The radio broadcast May I have your attention please.
It's so easy.
We are pleased to inform you that the goods of NO.
J-29 Sales Confirmation have been shipped by S.
S. Zhenzhu and will be transshipment by S.
May Flower in Hong Kong.
This contract is deal with cost and freight price.
APEC held, brought a 'miracle'--APEC blue.
I found that you'd like to know something about Chinese Spring Festival from your latest letter.
As we all know, Spring Festival is one of the most important Festival to Chinese.
Before the Festival, we usually clean our house which means to sweep away bad luck.
We cook LABA porridge involved in many kinds of grain.
We decrate our home with coupletand paper with thw words that may bring happiness, and everything is red.
Every body is waiting for the new year to come.
Just on the day before the new year, people eat delicious dumplings and have to stay up late until the next day.
The exciting sound of firecracker won't stop until the Festival is over.
With the rapidly developing economy, everyone faces the problems of choosing a career that we should choose what we like doing or choose a steady job.
To make a wise choice, two suggestions occur to me.
For one thing, we should combine our own characteristic with career that we will be up to, just because a career has its feature.
As for my choice in the future, I firstly consider what suit me rather than casually choosing a steady job for we are still young.
Support1: This is my favorite style.
A: The lecture is very interesting.
B: Can interact with.
Support2: The teaching material.
A: The book is very useful.
Support3: time.
A: Give us enough time to rest.
In my opinion, I support the view that we should make some changes in formal examination.
Taking as an example the university entrance examination in which we were involved.
As far as we are concerned, if only we had been the more familiar with the textbook and have good command of the knowledge which the teachers convey, the more likely can you have access to the institution of higher learning.
The reality confirms that this examination has been taken as an assessment system, which was handled by the national government who intends to select talents from the crowed.
However, as every coin has two sides.
This assessment system is only suitable for cram teaching.
As time gone, this assessment system's weakness is exposed to the society.
Limits to the educational level of P.
R.china, it is hard to take action to make some changes in formal examination right now.
There is no doubt that it has brought some benefits to china's future development, meanwhile, it is also needs working hard.
Nowadays, more and more people are talking about low-carbon lifestyle, which is spreading every corner of our country.
The concepts of low carbon are low energy and no waste.
Firstly, I think we should set up a no-car day every week in our school, because car not only make air-pollution that is bad for peoples health, but also waste many gases, therefore, we are supposed to take the measure to reduce pollution and protect the resource on the earth.
secondly, I think the government also plays a great role in promoting low-carbon lifestyle, we should also suggest it let people realize the significance of protect environment through education.
Every family is all the same.
They will do lots of home work in the daily life.
It's very boring.
Our parents always do that, so we don't need to think about it.
But if you ever care about your mother.
You should help her to do some housework.
At the first we should learn to do some housework.
It's the most diffcult part.
Because you maybe will spend a lot of time to learn it.
But if you know well.
You will like help your mother to do some housework.
Beacuse you can feel that, your mother will not geeting tired, she need some times to have a rest.
And you give her this time.
That's all, I hope you can remember what I said.
As we all know, curiosity is very important to us, so we should cultivate curiosity in our dailylife.
And we should pay attention to a benefit way.
Curiosity is born with us, we shouldn't limit to curiosity.
Accoding to a recent study: curiosity have a good effect on us and it may be lead us to sucess.
There are plently of facts have proved that is correct.
For exemple, Newton is curious about the falling of apples , so he found the Law of universal gravitation.
Also curiosity is the source of creativity.
Creativity is very important for us to discover many things.
As far as I am concerned, curiosity is very important for us .
we should make it usefully, using it to our work and work, not limiting it.
The school student union will put more attention in making our school green.
Testing a person by examinations is exposed to more and more suspicions.
Some people had the belief that children should hard work to pass examinations.
Only in that way they can have a access to be a reliable person.
In quest for a better life, people spend lots of time to pass examinations.
but I disagree on this.
Not only students but also some adults don't like this way to test a person.
More and more high school students tend to go to work earlier, because most of teacher teach student by crame teaching.
There is a real limit-ion to the ability of students to think independently.
We need to remember that everyone should have enough thinking space to study the knowledge.
In my opinion there are two reasons to lead to the generation gap in the family.
Parents are very busy in something.
On the other hand, along with the children grow up that they make the new friends.
The social cause of the generation gap is that parents and children were grown up in different times.
Parents always desire their children to do what they desire.
The generation gap can not be avoid.
However we all need to understand the feelings between parents and children.
Recently, the news that a freshman obliged her mother to buy a trio of apple product, which had her mother cry really shocked me.
As can be told from such phenomenon, students now lack sense of responsibility, besides, it must be a failure of education.
Why do students think that they should modern device with them when they are going to college.
Talents are needed in the society.
In our class, more and more students think the mark is essential.
To start with, they think that excellent marks can prove their abilities.
In fact, not only our class but also the society has this phenomenon.
And still have some people think that the ability is much more important than the marks.
In my opinion, both the mark and the ability are important, they are never conflicting, if we want to get a higher mark or some abilities, we all need to try our best to learn in the class.
If parents leave you alone you will take care of yourself very well and your parents shouldn't worry about you too.
Put off your pencil and enjoy the happiness form housework now.
As we kown happiness is incloud many aspects such as living comfortable, feeling good, and so on.
First of all, I think we should make ourself feel good , please forget your bad mermory and try to remember what things make you happy.
If you do like that you will find the world is not worse as we think.
Then, you'd better do some sports.
Doing sport not only make you strong bue also relax your mind, you will release pressure after doing sports.
Last but not least, listening music is a best way to enhance our sense of happiness.
Music like a water which can clean you dirty mind.
In my opnion, it is important to adjust state of mind.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
The digested food molecules pass into the cells lining the inside of the intestine.
Dr.
William Beaumount found out by observing a wounded stomach which with a big hole.
Ivan P.
Pavlov.
A Russian scientist found out by an experiment on a dog's stomach how the juice was created.
When food enters the mouth, a nerve impulse goes to the medulla.
When the impulse reaches the stomach the muscles contract and the cells secrete their juices.
Physically and chemically, digestion has started.
After the food reaches the stomach, more juices are secreted.
In the first place, a majority of students have unpleasant associations with spelling .
The young athletes were all over the world together, and for them to celebrate.
With a unique and powerful way to promote the Olympic spirit.
Stimulate an innovative form ofsocial challenges on the Olympic spirit and education and discussion.
Youth Olympic spirit of harmony in the festive atmosphere ofjoyful sharing of cultures around the world.
To various youth groups around the world to promote the Olympic spirit.
Sports among young people to enhance awareness and participation.
in the Olympic movement as a development platform for innovation.
be able to represent the highest internationallevel of competition one of the sport.
I pay more attention to the ltalian .
As an undergraduate--the successor of society, to live on, we must actively participate in the process of low-carbon life .
There are numbers of ordinary things we can do to practice Low-carbon Lifestyle  .
  Low-carbon Lifestyle isn't a kind of ability but a kind of attitude to our own life.
Nowadays, with the development technology, many people like seeking thrill online.
As far as I am concerned, first of all, it can waste much time to seek thrill online, which can influence the students study.
Sometimes, students can spend much time surfing in theInternet, charting, playing games, so that their parents can be angry at them.
Secondly, seeking thrill online is bad for our health.
For example, it can hurt our eyes, and there is much radiation for people.
What is more, we also need to pay for the resource.
Swierland is an developed country which is located in the center of the Europe.
Swierland covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.
The population of Swierland is 7500000.
Swierland is situated next to Austriia, Fnance, Italy and Germany.
Swizerland has a beautiful scenery.
The sky is blue, the water is so clear that we can see the fish swim in the river.
Swizerland not only has a beautiful scenery, but its industry is also very-developed, especially the watches, chemietry and the food.
The economy is also well-developed.
nowadays, more and more serious events of food safety happened frequently.
there are many reasons for this problems.
the food of medicine to growth as quickly as possible what we need.
People are always remembering something for a short time.
For this reason, keeping a notebook become a essential as a memory mehod.
People can benefit from keeping a notebook.
It has many advantages.
First of all, keeping a notebook is a good way which can remind us of important contents.
Secondlu, it helps us deepen our impression in our minds and make us remember something easily.
Most important of all, keeping a notebook is our wealth.
It benefit us in all our life.
Now, we should discuss this question.
In my opinion, important informations are key.
When you want to keep a notebook about an important contents in a hurry, you need to choose its important points, catch those key words.
In a word, keeping a notebook is good for us.
We should form this habit in our daily llife.
The film is talk about the World War 2.
The main chereter named Louie Zamperini.
He was an American soler and in one task his plane crash into the sea.
He was caught by the Japanese and lead a hard.
When i saw this film i cried.
I and he are the same just live on the Earth.
He can endure the pain and stick to principles.
He loved his country .
As we all know, the tradional festivals is one of the excellent tradional culture in China, and the provisions of the festival is the Chinese nation formed over thousands of years.
On the one hand, the tradional festival embodies the relationship between human and nature, and reflect the connections between people.
On the other hand, the boring life become colorful because of all kinds of funny festivals, but modernization makes people changed the way of life.
What is worse, many festivals are watered down slowly.
Therefore, we call please attaches great importance to the tradional festival.
First, we should know festival, and strengthen the protection consjciousness.
Long time no see, so I misss you very much.
If you can come, please come to the school gate at seven o'clock and I will wait you and other people.
Next, we will ride to the place where we will have picnic.
If you like some food, you can also bring to share with us.
I have allready prepare all the food which we need.
Then, after lunch, we plan to row in the lack.
We can chat on the boat, eat snacks and enjoy the scenery.
The result will tell you whether the methods are right or not.
They will tell themselves.
Failure is the mother to go to success.
It is Dr.
Pavlov's study showed how the food made the stomach juice flow.
When the food travels down the digestive tract and enters the intestine, the juices secreted by liver and pancreas make the food digested further .
I admire: I am a few words girl sometimes, but I met a thing at college, it is that I join in the college's TV, and became a reporter, when a reporter is far much better than sleeping or watching movies in the dorm.
They come from around the China, there is a person like sports, I called her the  ball friend  .
there is a person like to travel, I called her the bicycle friend  .
there is a person we have dinner and go to class together, I called her  dinner friend  .
My university life is filled with happyness, because I overlook the bad thing.
i like college life, because i an to do anything in there.
i have my own time, college life is a new experience for me.
in college , i can give me a sense of responsibiility of being on myself.
i like to wendays off, something i could not do in highschool.
It's a great honor for me to stand here and make my speech.
To begin with, I am Y.
I come from S Province.
My hometown is D, it's famous of chicken, and the view is beautiful, welcome to my hometown.
I am kind-hearted, patient and outgoing.
I am a hard working student especially do the thing I am interested in.
I will try best to resolve and problem no matter how difficult it is.
I always believe that one will easily lag behind, unless he keeps on learning.
In spare time, I like reading books, surfing on the Internet, listening to music, because they can make me feel relaxed.
Nobody could keep on working efficiently, therefore proper amusement is a must.
In addition, I insist on doing some physical training such as running, and play ping-pong as well.
Nowadays some adolescent have lost their ways and feel confuse about their future which have aroused widespread attention for the whole society.
Considering the seriousness of this problem, it is quiet urgent for us to discover ourselves.
Firstly, figure out your character and write down the bad.
Though you may feel uncomfortable writing down negative aspects of yours, you will improve them if you realize that the bad are a part of you .
Secondly, making communications with your best friends or families, which would be help you discover yourself better.
Families usually do not allow children to do something.
I can played the computer games.
My friend and I can went to the cinema.
I can receive many gifts on that day.
That night, I will to have dinner father and mother, It's very deilcious .
I like my birtheday .
I was very happy on my birthday.
Just as the saything goes:  Innovation is the root for the development of society.
Unfortunately, we won't be able to use it because we've never tried something like this before.
Don't worry, just like this phrase:  To do that let everybaby fully display his talents and make the best use of everything.
Competition is a common phenomenon in our social life.
The distinct advantage of cooperation is saving time and improving efficiency.
From ancient times to the present, students are required to do written homework to have a good command of knowledge.
And many people say that it is an efficient way to study.
Today, your child crush his favourite saving pot and he is so sad that he can't stop crying.
At that time, you squat and speak to him that to be a big boy, he should be strong.
New Year's Day is one of important days for many people in the word during the year.
Most people spend the New Year'sDay in hotels.
January 1st is considered as the New Year's Day.most companies, shops, school, and government offices are closed during that time.
People prepare for New Year's Dayfrom late December.
Firt, people spend a few days to clean their houses completely.
Some families then put up some new painting from November to be sent in January.
The New Year's meal is also prepared from the end of December.
On New Year's Eve, it is common to have a bag dinner with family members or friends at home or in hotels and hear bells which informs us of the coming New Year.
Some people wear new coats and visit temples to pray for happiness and health theoughout the New Year.
The others considered reading books is better to see the film.
I have my own opinion on this thing.
I think reading is more better to see the film.
Film is often selected from the book, the book will have more details of the book it will slowly influence our literary quality, learning more good word.
A Conservation-Oriented Campus will make our life more enjoyable, that is to say, it can add color to the dull routine of everyday life.
And I think this activity could cause substantial impact on our society.
And in the daily life, you should try your best to use the disposable supplies.
In recent years, to continue postgraduate education has been a common phenomenon, and the number of the graduate student recruit has been increased year by year.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of the knowledge based economy, the society puts forward higher requirements for employees.
Graduates are not as popular as they were a few years ago.
If we don't go on education after graduation, we will have the sense of crisis to hunt for a job, and feel fall behind in the 21st century, where fierce competition is going every day.
Therefore, in order to keep paces with the times, not to be marginalized by the society, it's quite necessary for us to receive further education.
After several years of the deeply and systematic study in a certain field, we will recognize that we are more competitiveness than those don't have master's degree, which implies what we have done during these years is worth it.
For instance, for a graduate, it will take him or her at least 5 years to be applied to the ideal position, for better life, more years.
In addition, a new network of friendship will be built on condition that we are lucky enough to become postgraduates.
At the postgraduate education level, students almost have an independence of thought, right outlook on life and viewpoints of values.
Most of their classmates, roommates, and friends from different places of China have a good knowledge of certain field and high qualities, it must be very easy as well as joyful to study and live together.
Getting along with people of totally different ways of thinking in varied environment will fresh our mind and widen our horizon.
Their personal experience will have a profound influence on us, some even encourage us all the long way.
What's more, we are not ready for employment as soon as we graduating, we still need some time to adapt to the complicated society.
And then, postgraduate education will provide us with transition time and buffer time to have a clear recognition of social situation, lay a solid foundation for a future job.
Going through the period of college, we have learnt various theories, scattered but not systematic.
Given more time, we can apply these theories to practice, thus, further education can provide these opportunities.
In this case, we will not be eliminated by the enterprise, we will not get hurt or frustrated in finding a satisfactory job.
Last but not least, going on education can ease the pressure of social employment.
All in all, higher education can secure us an incinicible position in the competition, which makes us more professional in study, more mature in thinking and more competitiveness in working.
Nowadays, the development of science and technology is extremely quick and it has developed very mature.
Almost everyone has a computer or a lap-top.
They read news, play games, do some shopping and so on.
Students use the Internet and computers to gather the material for study.
Workers use the Internet and computers to sort out data.
Computers are now used extensively throughout the world.
Therefore, some parents think that computers and the Internet are more important for a child's education than going to school.
The benefit of computers and Internet are numerous.
Firstly, it gather the whole world, people can gain many things in time.
Secondly, the computers and Internet convenient our life, we can do shopping and doing other things at home.
Thirdly, since it has numerous and various resources, it has a good many benefits for children, their parents can download something for them which will contribute to their study.
On the other hand, many people believe that schools and teachers are essential for children to learn effectively.
It is the most common and effective way to educate children.
However, we need good schools and teachers to teach children, a good teacher has many good characters, his moral character and his a action and emotion have a far-reaching influence in one's childhood.
In my view, teachers are essential for children and the computers also has negative ways.
Most children's ability of self-control are very poor, they can not control themselves to stop playing games and do other things which have no connection with studying.
In a word, For us, literary reading has many benefits, or more good than bad.
I believe that friendship is most warm in the world all the time.
Whenever you feel upset friends would cheer you up.
Even if not contact a long time.
My friend and me meet in the middle school.
She has big eyes that let me feel warm.
She isn't tall but thin.
I always play with her.
She would comfort me when I failed in any exam.
At same time, she will help me improve my study.
We have a lot of common hobbies.
Such as, play ping-pong ball, reading books, singing and dancing.
She is always friendly to others.
However, after graduation, We are separated.
We are all busy with our studies.
less and less.
But we still be best friend for each other.
Resently the rise in problem of lonely life of aged people has cause public wordwide concern .
It is time to have a fresh look at this idea .
For one thing , the child becames more and more independent in the busy life .
It will produce a far-reaching effect on aged people in the last several years .
Their life will be alone and painful .
It is essential thareffective measures should be taken to correct the tendency .
That's my healthy lifestyle.
Frustration in our life is unavaoid, so we mush face it when the probem was coming.
May be we fail, but what I want to said was nothing is impossoble if we make our determined to make it.
Fail is the mother of success.
Todaty seem many college students are give up when face the problems.
How this sustution from and how to deal with it the opinions were diffent.
In my opinions, many mothor tread they child meticuious wherever and whenever so that many college students could not work themself.
We mush learn to deal with frustration in our life.
At the first place, self-confident, believe yourself.
Life was the broken bird that can not fly and the only way was believe yourself, where there is a will there is alway.
School were also make important effection in our life.
To remember the new words faster, the first thing you need.
A lot of reading, try to read more English original books and some pure English movies, all of these helps to increase knowledge, is also a way to remember the words quickly.
Then the usual back some words, as far as possible much communication with foreigners, learning their language can also help improve English vocabulary.
watch and listen several times, and guss themeaning of new words .
each time you will learn something new.
I also advise you to taalk about the films or songs with youe friends .
Everyone wants their own life is beautiful, but life will also be a small episode.
Sour, sweet, bitter, hot, is each of us living in some, they enrich our life.
Childhood is beautiful, is also happy.
Sweet, let us cheer.
Adolescent children are rebellious, we hurt the hearts of parents, and we found we have changen, sometimes we will feel we're a strange to ourselves we became.
At that time, bitter, let us pain.
But this experience made us grow.
Life is a test , we should keep a good state of mind.
With so much rich and colorful experience, made our life is no longer boring.
I am L, who is coming form grand 2 class 5.
Nowaday, I will appeal you to take part in the evacuation drill carefully.
We have experience the earthquake , we clearly know the importance of save ourselves.
The aim of the drill is to learn how to deal with the emergency circumstances.
However, there are some students don't treat it seriously.
They were playing with others and walked slowly.
As a student, we must know these rules.
First, we should keep clam and listen to our teachers' commands .
We should help him.
Let's go home.
This kid is s poor.
We should help him.
I always believe the saying As the call, so the echo.
There is no need going to hospital.
We should help him.
Some people say that a mother's love is the greatest strength of the world.
When I was born, you took off your the most glaring clothes and tried your best to look after your Children.
First of all, I want to say thank you.
It is you that give me life and teach me how to be a good person.
In my impression, you always hit me when I made mistakes in my childhood.
At that time, I hated you very much, when I saw you crying, I did not understand why.
It was I that cried.
Now, I see it.
I am 20-year-old and understand your behaviours.
Your hair is getting white and wrinkles are more and more deeply.
You give me the best love in the world.
I am L, the chairman of the student's council.
It's my honor to introduce this meaningful activity to you.
After talking about the advantage of this activity, Let's get down to the main point, the coutious of the actvity.
For instance, not a single speech could longer than 5 minuits.
Besides, the word is expected to be fluency.
All in all.
There are many people who avaricious for money but they don't try to make money in a legitimated method, they hunt animals to get their furs, horns, teeth and even their flesh.
The illegal hunters change these animals'bodies for money.
I apply we should protect our friends-----the animals, especially the useful animals.
The earth doesn't only belong human beings.
It also belongs to the animals all over the world even a worm.
For example, just like snakes and frogs, they are all beneficial to us human beings, but so many people like eat the dishes which made of them in recent years.
In my opinion it is so cruel to these animals, these cute creatures.
These dishes are frequently seen in restaurant advertisements.
That might seem that eating these dishes is now in vogue, and if you did not eat it before, you will be considered  out of date  , you are not fashionable here.
Some of them will defend themselves by saying that snake and frogs are sup nutritious.
Nonetheless these don't realize that mouse and worms frequently comprise their diets, therefore, there are many parasites found inside snakes and frogs.
So they may do harm to our health.
Besides this, I'm sorry to see that more and more snakes and frogs are being killed by man's cruel knife.
In Accordance with the newspaper there are about 1000tons of snakes and frogs are eaten every year in China.
These figures change us that if we still kill snakes frogs and any other useful animals, a vicious cycle will be created.
If more snakes are eaten by people, the number of snakes and frogs will drop, which will make an increase in mice and worms population, which will result in a decrease of crop output.
This will make an increasingly number of people hungry.
Now I have a chance to attend Dragon Boat training camp.
I hope you can join me in the training.
He can exercise our bodies and training team consciousness.
Training camp in the middle of the holidays every morning 8:00~11:00.
The frustration is a part of life, it always appear in our daily life.
Our college students's ability to deal with the frustration is not very well.
For example, with the examinations drawing near, students are getting more and more worried and anxious.
Because they do not study hard every day and do not review for every exam.
In accordance with this phenomenon, I think teachers and parents should constantly encourage students and give them self-confidence, but not deny them again and again.
So, do not give up.
Remember frustration is not terrible.
We are pleased to inform you that the goods unedr our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 are shipped by S.
The goods will be transhipped from Hongkong by S.
There are varied of activities, such as, playing football, playing with others, singing and so forth.
However, recreation activities also has its negative effect.
As I'm concerned, recreation activities are necessary to our life, but we can't pay much attention to it, it just a way of relax, a way of relieving burdens of our life.
So, we should do our work and our study in the first place.
It is incredible that species are dying out on earth everyday.
We share the adequate resource that mother earth provides with us creatures.
It is thankful that a growing number of people are now aware of the significance of diversity of species.
Though people emphasize the protection of nature in oral, few of them put it into action, which is the ignorance in action.
If no one can takes the responsibility after realizing the problem, people will soon become the only creatures on earth.
And I feel very warm.
When I am ill, my mother often looks after me day and night.
When I am angry with my poor memory, my father usually does me a favour .
He teaches me how to remember things better patiently.
First, in the absence of switching nonidealities such as delays, i.
Some students play basketball in order to make them stronger.
Secondly other activities can expand our horizon.
On the other hand, some people insist their opinions that one man should read extensively.
in their minds the society of today is developing at an 'alarmingly, surprisingly excessive rate .
Weshould make our choices to read books.
we can't read all kinds of books even though we devoted all energy to read.
In contemporary society, self-confidence has become a vital factor in daily lives.
It's generally accepted that confident individuals are more likely to be hired by famous companies.
it.
What is meant by this is that we have to endeavor to become confident individuals.
However, reinforcing it is difficult.
To be more specific, there are three key points.
Most important of all, we should believe in ourselves and keep going even though in extreme tough days.
Only in this way, mighty heart could be easily cultivated and gradually promoted.
In addition, as the famous saying goes, great confidence comes from power, which I couldn't agree more.
That is to say, human beings may pay attention to dig proficiency and struggle to develop these abilities.
Last but not least, to be more brave and get used to accepting our imperfection , which means we are ready to be more independent than usual and dare to rise to the occasion.
So from what has been mentioned above, one can depict only this conclusion that self-confidence can have considerable press on us.
However, it is always to say than to do.
Therefore, it deserves our more attention.
Self-confidence could be formed and well developed as long as we are willing to do every little detail in daily lives.
As you can see, nowdays, the water crisis has become a very serious social problem.
One of the reason that the water crisis caused is that a lot of people don't save the water when they use water.
And the other reason is that the water crisis on the world is very less.
In my mind, I think the water crisis is not the mistake in people, we need to do is not to complain about the water crisis, what we need to do is that we need to learn how to save the water, and we have to know, the water crisis is not only for some people but for all people.
And the Browns out of unity so when Paddington was in danger, they sense of teamwork have important role and people feel a cooperation of the power.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as wildlife protector .
I admit , I have nothing expensive in that , but I have deep love for this job , when I was young , that's have became my ideal job.
So, I were going to put into practice .
At first , I often read some books about wildlife and wilderness survival .
I would be very grateful if you could send me more information about the post available .
Pople can't imagine life without water.
Without it, there would be no animals, no trees, even no people.
Although nearly three-quarters of the earth's surface is covered by water, the water for us to use is short.
It's seawater and undrinkable.
A lot of factors could account for the problem, but the following might be the critical ones.
First, with the development of agriculture and industry, amounts of water is needed.
Except that , the rapid growth of population is another leading cause of water shortage.
Fetunately, people have realized the pressing problem and are trying to find ways to salve it.
First, people are urged to economic on water.
Secondly, it's essential that laws and regulations be work out and enforced to protect water resources.
Third, circulating water is used for industrial purpose over and over in factories and treated sewage water is used for irrigation in farming land .
English has aroused great concern.
Use English has become more and more popular.
some people think that English would occupy market in the world , So we shuould study hard on english.
while other people think it in a diffent way .
I think, the first view is right.
I think both can be .
Ofcause , I also will invite the professor from art school.
Nicholas Sparks, the author of  Dear John , was born in Omaha Nebraska, American.
He has Germany, Czech, England and Irish blood.
He, whose novels have been translated more than 35 languages and have sold more than 45000000, is a selling-well famous American writer.
He was called  the Godfather of pure love  and  tear gas  by American.
He and J.
K. Rowling, is one of the two at the same time has a hardcover paperback works for more than a year on the list of the New York times.
It is really touching story of broken love affair of John and Shavana.
John,23 years old, graduated from high school, has nothing to do, drinking and fun in the bar.
Until one day, he has a decision to join the army and when he comes home on vacation he will meet Shavanna accidentally and fall in love with her.
When John receives the letter he will not immediately call to the Shavanna and come back to hometown, but putting the letter folded back into the envelope and carrying about it.
After many years, because he still can't forget Shavanna, he found the secret behind a break up letter, when he goes to see her.
Sometimes, the surface of things is not the truth of the matter.
There are many ways of to love a person.
sometimes, although one has to leave, love doesn't.
according to the recent research .
More and more college students start to take part-time jobs .
From the graph of the percentage of college students taking jobs , it's not difficult for us to tell the obvious difference .
From 1990 to 2010.
the percentage has gone up to 58%, that is a huge change.
The following reasons can account for this phenomenon .
On the one hand.
the needy of low salary labors results in many students choose to work making extra money .
On the other hand, the society pays more attention to the work experience.many students think it's necessary to put the knowledge into practice, so they could learn something more different than in class.
There are hounds of wonderful programs in TV every day.
Of course, the news program always is my favorite.
Almost every day, I am turn on the TV and wait for the news program.
The news program contains a large of information from the most serious international political affairs to the most enjoyable football games.
The most important feature of the program is its fast rhythm.
I like this program because I like it to more than just a TV program itself.
In fact it is a way of communication.
From this programs, people can be wall in formed the affairs both at home and abroad in time.
The world is developing, but if you watch this program every day, you will feel that you are in face with the development of the world.
In the picture, a person whose head out from computer say something.
His words which look like booms are assailing two person who looks very picnic.
The reason why online rumors are harmful include many face.
One the one hand , it will lead to negative influence, it can make person feel sad , picnic and depress, more serious , it can force someone to blind way.
On the other hand , it also can make person produce shadow, whatever psychologest or body.
In ord to put an end to this kind of phenomonon, the society should perfect law system and soar the punishment standers.
The life is very marvelous, the human knew the natural ability has the limitation, you never can know meets down can have any, when you thought especially oneself despairs extremely time .
In the future, sutudents will not study at school, they at home through the computer study.
I'm going to be a good designer after I graduate from the university.
With the evolution of science, more and more new things emerge us round.
Cloning of human beings is a hit issue.
To begin with, if one person is cloned, he/she was born from then on it was different.
'This sentence will have been filled by in their ears.
Secondly, because of the psychological problems, he/she would do harm to the society.
Finally when you see a pair of twins, you can hardly tell who's who.
If your best friend is cloned, two completely same persons stand in front of you, can you pick out who is you best friend.
When it comes to reading, some people like to read books at home or cafe place , some people like to go to the library to read books.
But there are many libraries can provide you reading a book in each region in every city.
With the development of social technology, more and more people are using mobile phone or computer at home or other places you can visit all kinds of books.
Nowadays.
on their opinions.
The university ranking is a warning bell that we should have the sense of competition and a driving force .
By the way.
In a word.
To keep touch with they, to write letter for they, to miss they and to have some reunion.
The driver write a letter to his friend but he didn't to mail it before the friend died, the sorry and regret full his heart , he want to tell something to his friend but he not, friendship have some memory about child and school , when we leave others, to keep touch with became vevery important.
We need to share sorry and happines to others .
So friend make us don't feel lonely and afair , .
Have them mean have anything , love become loved by they.
We can feel happy .
As for me, my most favorite TV programme is CCTV-10 where I like to explore and discover the program comparing with amusement programme or TV play, cinema, etc.
In my opinion, I think exploring and discovering the programme abound in mysterious and it is satisfied with my curiosity.
I like most the main reason is that it let me learn a lot about science, natural, and educational knowledge.
When you become a college student, it means that you start to lead another new life.
In reality college life is just like a small society.
Doing sports is very interesting and good for your health.
Parents give us too much.
what they do for us cant't be measured by words .
When we are child parents look after us every day.
They gave us beautiful clothes and some otherthings.
They care for us and may be sometimes they feel tired, but they never stop doing it.
Now we grow up, we left home for other cities, our parents are not around us.
They call us every day, and ask us  Are we good  , they told us to put on more clothes when the day is bad, to eat and sleep on time.
they afriad of us ill and they miss us, they hope us go home early.
On the contrary, nowadays much more college students never say thanks to their parents.
May be there are two reasons for why they doing that so.one reason is they are shy, they don't know how to express themselves.
the other one is they think it's unnecessary to do that.
Our parents are very hard, and they never say tired when they care for us.
what we can do for them is very little.
So we should say something to them to express our grate.
For example, we can say thanks  , or I love you , or have a rset to our parents.
It's very easy.
As a saying goes, the trees desires repose, but the wind will not stop; the son desires sever, but his parents dre already gone.
I am sure that your answer will be No.
The explosive development of traffic tools has facilitate the convenience of our life.
Regardless of the merits of the plane, some people would rather travel by train.
Above all is that the higher factor of safety than plane, which is the significant concern by most of people.
What's more, it won't take people's too much time to arrive in the lounge in advance.
I want to study English for different reasons.
First, English is one of the required courses , so I have nothing to do but to study English .
secondly , with the development of the world we begin to learn more about the world and communicate with people who come from western country .
therefore we need to study English to chat with them .
last but not least , learning English can let us learn more about western civilizations .
She said to me  Could you do the dishes?    Sure.
I think it was too tired.
Everyone dreams of success, but not everyone is able to smooth.
The strong will is an important guarantee of success, an army of successful people have a strong willpower.
It can only be accomplished by strong will have great mission.
For example, Deng Jiaxian to complete the atomic bomb experiments, precisely because of his perseverance and never giving up.
The students, too, do not study hard, after all, does not become useful until.
I'm very happy to write this letter to you.
First, I learnt and communicated with my Chinese friends.
I have visited many places of interest in Beijing, They are the Grate Wall, the Forbidden City and the Summer Palace.
I enjoy living here, the Chinese people are very friendly and enthusiastic.
Such as clothes, shoes, smartphones and so on.
Long time no see.
I received your letter.
You almost have no friends.
I think it is a good idea fou you to make more friends.
What's more, you can take part in social activity.
I miss you.
From the cartoon given above, we can see that this is an honest talk with one of the students in the classroom.
When receiving a literature book given by her teacher, the student looked very nervous.
The teacher observed the details, the teacher tells her that Just think of it as if you are reading a long text-message.
The purpose of the cartoon is to tell us the importance of reading literature.
Now many young people have no interest in reading literature, they think that literature and his life is very far away don't need to read.
A good literature can get you to know a life experience through the eyes of someone other than yourself.
The more experience you gain, the more knowledgeable you are.
And, a good literature is an effective way for relaxation .
Nowadays.more and more museums are opening face for the whole society for free.management do this is order to let more people know a good deal of cultures about history.
But this behavior has product some questions.
For example.
Free Admission to Museum will be attract a lot of tourists to look around.
so the environment of museum will be polluted.
In addition to this.
In my opinion, Free Admission to Museums have advantage also have disadvantage.
The number of people will be increase and the pressure of museum would be biggest.
Of course.open museum for free would help people save money.
The most important thing is that more people can known a lot of knowledge for history .nature.
science.nation and so on.
So I think .
My maths teacher is an oragnised woman in forties.
She is very intelligent and she teaches maths so well.
In the past, I don't like maths at all.
But in senior high school, I begin to like maths day by day.
My maths teacher is very patient with us, what's more, she help us with our lessons carefully, sometimes I ask her for help in some quertions, she also has an enthusiastic attitude to me.
My maths teacher wants to improve us ability in solving problems by ourselves.
It is very important for us.
However, she is very stict with us in many ways, such as homework, exams and so on.
For example, they keep the bears in cages, feeding them totake the gall-bladder.
First, just like the advertisement of Cheng Long said:  No business , No killing.
Therefore , unless we forbid the original of business , so we can avoid the bears being hurt.
Second, the businessmen can't avoid the responslbility.
As long as it could make money , they can regardless of work ethic, so they tried their best to feed bears as much as possible to gain profits.
Obviously, they have seen the market, in the field of gall-bladder of bear.
Animals play an importment role in our life, we can't live better without them.
So protected them is protect ourselves.
In a word, No business, No killing.
It is an extremely sensitive topic for us to argue that whether college students should be allowed to get married.
Somebody may think that college students are impetuous and reasonless, and they believe that we cannot make sure we have chosen the right men or women to be the one who will accompany us all the time.
I totally appreciate the unfavourable things which may gonna happen when two college students get married.
But in my piont, you can stop a lot of things but not love.
Even if you have been in the society for a long time, you may still do not know whether you should marry your lover.
So I think love is something you cannot stop and the time is not the standard for the level of your love.
College students also can have true love.
Therefore when he or she gets the right person, they can go and get married.
But it is significant for me to point out that we should not ban the college students to get married, but we indeed should know that we should make sure we are doing the right thing.
And in my opinion, we college students should put our energy in study and try to prove our ability and we should know marriage is not an easy thing.
It needs a great part of the time and energy.
So I suggest college students hold on their feelings.
A lot of people said  Different people have different dreams.
Reading is to the mind while exercise to the body.
If you don't want to ill, you should take an active part in doing sports to keep you healthy.
For me to have a healthy lifestyle, I spent a very long time developing good habits.
I do exercise two or three times a week at least.
I often run and play badminton.
It is not boring.
I like the man who is humorous , he must always be ready to cheer me up whenever I feel depressed .
The significant thing is that my husband must love his parents, a man who love his parents would be abound in responsibility .
I would also like to have a husband who is well-educated, in that I will have a four-year college degree .
He necessarily has to graduate from a university .
He must be mature enough in dealing with things .
However, no matter how perfect the standards are, all of the above will probably crash when the right person turns up.
One day, I'll meet my Mr.
We all like her.
She devotes all her time to making us achieve better grades.
work better and life better in the society where English be used everywhere.
We don't have a strong will to discover the merit of our own culture , so loads of Chinese features were used in Hollywood movies to gain interests and reputation , such as panda and Chinese Kungfu .
Low-carbon lifestyle means that we should do as much as we could to lower the emission of carbon.
High-carbon is bond to lead to severe consequences if we keep turning a blind eye to it.
and foremost, we should save electricity like put out lights when we out of the room.
Furthermore, when we go out , we should obey to low-carbon lifestyle as possible as we can like by bikes or bus instead of cars.
As far as I'm concerned, as college students, we should on foot or by bikes when we are in campus and by bus when we are out.
We should protect trees and other green plants.
I made many friends and learned some professional knowledge in social work .
As mobile phone function more and more comprehensive, not only makes the modern people's life more convenient and quick a modern indispensable necessities.
Before I could keep my feet, another wave hit again.
Everyone gave me a wonderful present when I had a birthday party.
I can receive lots of presents, such as a doll, some new clothes and a bag back.
But my favorite present is a little dog.
It is named Tina.
It is brown and black.
One day, I was unhappy because of too much housework.
It lay on my legs and looked at me.
It said Wang wang and gave me a smile.
For a moment, I gave a smile back to it.
Then I took it for a walk.
Nowadays, the world is very flourishing, with the rapid development of the economy, more and more problems have been brought to our attention.
son for many reasons.
such as the more and more automobile appearance, blew a whistle has become the pollution; be improved to technology, the machine doesn't stop run, it also caused noise pollution; with the improvement of living standards, people's night life is abundant, bars kara OK and disco influence people the advent of hearing.
Nowadays.
we live's way has changed more and more big.
including eat food.
At first.
we eat food just at home in the old time.
we can eat whatever we like with our families.
However.
we should think what can eat before we eat it now.
and we often dine out.
secondary.
when we were children.
play compute game.
and all kinds of sports.
What's more.our clothes also have difference.
we wear more fashion than the old time.
In a word.
live will change everyday.
Nowadays, majirty of the university and college students have unhealth habits of their lifestyles.
For example, they don't sleep until mid-night, even more stay up all the night.
some of the youngers are inddication in the computer games.
The unhealth lifestyles will cause some problems of their Physical and psychological.
In recent years , cell phones have grown in popularity, which are now essential to millions of people as a convenient form of communication.
With their incredible convenience and fantastic speed, it enable people to easily and quickly communicate with one another, wherever you are, you can instantly reach somebody, not need to meet someone in person .
With the devolopment of technology cell phones have more and more useful function.
We can use it to listen music , watch movies and read books, it can even used to as a dictionary or private computer.
According to the investigation the number of people who use their cellphones is growing exponentially.
The truth of the matter, however, is that any new technology, including phones, has a dark side.
As is known to all , cell phones radiation is harm for our health.
Furthermore, the indulgence of children in surfing the Internet through mobile phones is very bad for their mental and physical healthy development.
It can kill one's social development who rely on the use of cell phones.
With the devolopment of new techniques, mobile phones will have more applications and more convinent.
As the saying goes, curiosity is the best teacher.
And it keeps hardworking and persistent.
As for we college student, we had selected the major before we went to college.
Most students chose it according their curiosity and interest filed at that time.
The major we would take in for four years, even more than four years.
Then we would enter the work world in relation to the major in the future.
Some students chose their major just reflected on their prospect of the major and ignored their real interest and curiosity.
So nearly most of them would not achieve a lot progress in the end.
To tell the truth, only we come to develop a habit of creative thinking and innovative design can we break through our though limitation to keep energetic and patient.
It's 421 metres high.
Standing at the top of the Mount and looked down the scenery.
If you think you can, then do not excuse not to delay, go into action.
So, please follow the ideas into action, we have not stopped thinking.
To the production areas, such as: agriculture, forestry, animat husbandry, fishery and other departments.
The relationship between lifestyle and health is extremely close, There are an increasingly number of people choosing to adopt a sedentary lifestyle in the modern day.
If people have a good lifestyle, such as no smoking, on drinking, no staying up all night and they frequently take part in exercise.
People don't always experience health problems, such as obesity and disease.
And if people's body is very well.
We have already knew the important relationship between lifestyle and health.
We must know how to keep a health lifestyle.
First of all, we should take more exercise.
Secondly, wo don't stay up late.
In order to having a good health, we must keep a healthy lifestyle.
Nowdays, the famous university campus are becoming new hot tourist spots, such as Peking University and Tsinghua University.
A lot people seem to think that the university campus should be open to tourists.
Here are the reasons.
Firstly, it is good to the development of tourism economy.
However, the others think that the university campus should not be open to tourists.
Their reasons are as follows.
In the first place, more and more tourists will destroy the university environment, like more rubbish and more noise.
In my opinion, opening the university campus to tourists , which is not a bad idea, but we must protect a good learning environment on university campus, for example, open the university campus in the weekend.
An English proverb says, the early bird catches the worm.
Afterwards, it could be argued that China would have had the same problems as India, just several times worst.
This famine was not necessarily caused by high population but rather because a leader got most workers to work in manufacturing.
Furthermore, once this ended and farmers went back to being farmers, there were still problems feeding everyone because of the increasing population.
Another reason to limit population growth is to allow the infrastructure to grow as well.
Spring Festival is the most important festival of Chinese people.
Before it bigins , we are used to spend many days to prepare it.
We clean the windows and room, go out to buy some food such as vegetable and meat, and we also buy some new clothes, of course , some firecrackers, too.
During the Spring Festival, people of the whole family get together, we eat dumpings and many dalicious food.
Children are very happy bacause they will get lots of money called Yasuiqian, we think it brings good luck to children.
At the middnight, wo go out to play firecracker.
I'm very interesting.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming popular among young people.
First of all, with the help of computers, people are able to work at home instead of going to the companies.
Besides, they can enjoy the freedom and convenience , what and when to be done, by working at home.
Childrean may have more time to stay with their parents .
What's more, people may feel relaxed and less stress to making full use of their talents for that they can concentrate on what they're doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisors.
English is broad and profound, I like to learn English, its international status is very important, and learning English can increase our competitive society.
Some students like English writing, which could be applied to their own good English reserve.
Various reasons are responsible for the phenomenon mentioned above.
Firstly, in China especially in some poor area, it is common to see the old live alone.
We all know it is difficult to develop career, so the young have to go to the big cities to seek opportunities.
As a result, they have to leave their parents even their children.
Another reason for left-behind elderly is that most of the old have a sense of nostalgia, they don't want to leave the place which they had live in for a long time.
They prefer to live in a poor but familiar little place rather than living in a busy city.
In my opinion, what the old want just some attention from their children.
They know their children are busy at their own business and they will not blame their children, but they will feel lonely without their children's company.
Although sometimes we really busy at our own work, it is not difficult for us to spend a few minutes in giving our parents a call which will make them very happy.
Recently, we have had a hot discussion about our university life.
Some people think that though we are college students, academic performance is still very important.
Most parents, teachers judge students from their academic performance, so students study hard to get high marks in order to satisfy their parents.
As far as I am concerned, we still need to work hard in our university life as what we have done in our high school life.
As we all know, The Double Ninth Festival is a traditional Chinese day to pay respect to the elderly.
However, it gives rise to different views for the best way to respect to the elderly in this public.
Firstly, don't respect to the elderly in form because grand and spectacular isn't genuine concern.
With the development of the society, a gang of young people are busy in working, so they don't have free time to stay with their parents.
If festival comes, they will go back home and concern their paents about something like health.
It even more brings about loneliness of their parents.
So as a young people should care parents about their life in details.
Secondly, broaden parents' vision.
I think it is one of the most important steps to respect to the elderly.
Because children have no time to stay with their parents, as a child, he or she should let parents' vision become broaden.
For example, they can let parents study the Internen as for gaining the interests; they can let parents go to travel; they can let parents take part in Circle of Friends and so on.
Finally , try your best to go home and stay with your parents.
This must be the most effective way to let parents become happy.
You can go home after coming off work everday or on weekends.
When you go home, you can chat with your parents, and help them washing clothes and dishes.
All in all, as a young person, she or he should better pay respect to the elderly in the usual.
The official figure released in the United States, the word's largest economy, show that the income of the average household fell last year and that more Americans than ever are living in poverty.
Yet again, figures which show that the economic recovery is not being felt by American's less advantaged citizens.
African-Americans and Hispanic communities are disproportionately affected, as are the less well-educated, the young and people living in the south.
It's probably the decline in median income.
down 2.3%.
that'll worry politicians mist since the battle for middle-class votes will be vital in next year's presidential election.
The figures come just as President Obama hits the road trying to sell a $450 billion jobs package.
As far as I'm concerned, the figure will affect Obama's politicial position.
American voted him and wanted to live in a happy life.
But the problems seem to make American confused.
Many Americans are living in less cosy life.
Perhaps they feel disappionted and want to change the life style.
At the same time , politicians in America are worry adout next year's selection.
Obama must be anxious about the figure.
If he wants to stay in the president's position, he will have to solve this problem.
Americans are different from Chinese.
If they feel their rights are violated, they will take actions to protect themselves as soon as they can.
In China, we have to obey government.
Although the prices of goods are increasing, wokers' salaries still keep unchanged.
If you without hero in life , you without sun in life.
My hero is my teacher.
My teacher encouraged we brave.
What ever she does , she never give up .
She has a very strong will.
She trained hand.
She told us times is life , change depend on myself and believed Failure is the mother of success.
She made me study face difficultly thing don't give up and beleved myself can success.
She asked me known time is important.
My realized myself responsible.
She passion on life.
She caused my attention.
She made my eyes widened in surprise.
My favorite sport is running.
I often running in the P.
class or free time in the school.
Sometimes, I go to the gym.
If you ask me why I like it, I will tell you that running is very relax, it can makes our body healthy, Even more, it is the most cheapest sport.
With the development of society, people become more and more cold .
As far as I am concerned, the heart is always good.
We should help people under the premise of protecting ours safe.
There is no doubt that you help others now, they will help you tomorrow.
Therefore, we should be glad to help others.
And no matter people are strangers or not , we should help them when they need help.
Therefore we should work hard to come true dream what want we do.
There was event in my life.
And we also played and slept together.
A wonderful day before my seventeenth birthday, a pretty boy said that he liked me.
Lately, it's was my birthday , the boy presented a pink cake and a photo album to me.
I was surprised and very chuffed.
The cake was very beautiful and delicious.
Pink is my favorite color all the time.
It beat my heart again.
In fact, I was flipped.
At that time we are young and simple, There was no worry in our life.
As a result, the love of us was fine and happy.
Now, we grow up and go to college in the different place.
And we keep in touch with each other.
The incident was remembered in my heart all the time.
There is no double that I am really lucky , because there is much love around me .
The love from the parents.
They are always looking after me when I am in trouble or sad.
  When I failed the exam they always encouraged me .
When I got love with them I felt warm, rich and lucky.
So I think I should show my love to them .
All these love around me.
Currently media outlets have reported many confrontations between people practicing square dancing and neighborhood.
Dancing is benefit for the people health.
Firstly, nowadays the society development is in a fast pace, many people living conditions is improve, so many people like do something, so dancing that it is very popular with people's things, people dancing may the time can use good.
Secondly, many people go to in a square to dancing that can make the people's body become better and better, and to dancing may many old man the body become vivid, so it is very benefit for old man.
Finally, it is important that in a square to dancing you can to make many friends, and make you life become better and better.
However, it is have many disadvantages, have many people by the loud and throbbing dancing music even fired a shotgun into the air, so have people can not stand it.
In Hubei province, residents of a locality reportedly threw rubbish at people dancing in a square.
Hello, everybody respected teacher and dear classmates.
My name is X.
from Class 5.
As a candidate, I am confident that I qualified for the post of chairman of our school's Students' Union, with the assistance of the students, I believe I can do a better job of the student union, the better.
I apply for this position I need a space to show my ability.
I hope to play a greater role in the higher position to lead the students will do better Jinyuan High School.
If I am lucky enough to be elected I will do the following: First.
Next.
I will coordinate the various relationships between teachers and students.
Though you entered university earlier than me, I still have inclination to talk about what books should we read.
University is where we should learn both wide and deep knowledge.
Not only to widen the vision , but to develop potention.
What needed is to read more books.
I am willing to suggest 3 books to you, each of them typical of its field, according to the well-known saying by Francis Bacon 'Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
The first book is called AWAKEN THE GIANT WITHIN.
is the second book had to be read.
Both these 3 books are recommended by Kai-fu Lee, who you always admire.
What's more, student lack of humanistic spirit in university, for that they often ignore the ethical and humanistic value of comprehensive quality cultivation.
we are glade to inform you that our No.j-29 sales confirmation captioned good has shipped by s.
s. ''pearl''.
It will transport by s.
We have worked hard for a whole term.
Therefore, we booked the ticket for the train and purchase some present that cannot be found there for my cousin's family.
Last summer vacation, my mom and I went to Japan by plane.
We stayed 6 days there.
We visited lots of places, such as Osaka, Tokyo and Kyoto.
In Osaka, I visited the Tenshiyokaku.
It was a castle with white ang green.
In Tokyo, we visited the Fujisan.
Thought it was in summer, it was really cold on the top of the mountion.
Then, we went to Disneyland and we spent the whole day there.
We watched the 4D movie.
It was great, as if we got into a magic world.
We had a wonderful day there.
Most of students complain that life is not sweet as their initial expectation.
They say that life is flat, puzzle and they frequently feel dizzy and sluggish.
This may be accurate in favor of many students who are not sure of how they spend in college, but once they have a life planning.
First of all, the life planning subscribe to make life abundant.
As a teenager, I can't assist surfing at one or another, but my life planning always prevent that from consuming much of valuable time.
Insteadly, for delight, for ornament and for ability, reading is a major part of my life planning.
Moreover, I manage to take part in some activities in moderation, where I make friends with people of varied personalities, we get on with each other and get a great kick out of doing things together and talking about things of our interest.
In addition to being abundant, life planning has the merit of adaptable.
Robbots work well under the instruction.
In a similar manner, it is conductive to having a life planning, as that support us take actions on good grounds.
On the average, from necessary, before I arrange to join in activities, I usually go to the library to be preoccupied with finishing my homework.
And then I have the like hood of bending on discussing and organising of activities.
Above everything else, life planning donates to keep energetic.
At the mercy of the life planning, my life is regular, instantly, I arose up at 6:00 am and go to bed at 10:00 and after the morning exercise I persevere in eating breakfast and I have a nap in the great majority of cases.
My own experiences tell that so long as one realises what they intend to achieve in their life, one will take advance of the life planing to enrich the life, to adjust to life and there is a spring in a body.
Lu Xun has different attitude to the loves and hates .
On the one hand, he can do anything to defend the countryman from being threatened.
On the other hand, he against with his opponents .
From that, I know I should do an emotional person.
With the exception of those, I have understood one should keep up a great interest in their enterprise .
Mr. Brown is My foreign teacher.
After new years day, he ask our to introduce ourself family.
I think I must go to grandparents home, have a dinner with them together.
I prepare for send regaids to my friends, I can treasure ours frendly, I miss your.
I hope we can have delicious food, watch TV and play games.
Some students hold the view that the relationship between teachers and students like the gardener with the flowers , some even describe the relationship like this : students are to teachers what a bee is to a flower or what perfume is to a flower , A famous teacher once said that : students are the teachers' mirror, So students' evaluation of teachers are very important to a teacher's normal teaching quality , it can promote the communication between teachers and students , Also , it makes the students are more and more believe in the teachers, it can increase students' enthusiasm in leaning .
Every coin has two sides, from other' point of view , they believe teachers are the big generation, we students don't have right to evaluate our teachers, we should respect them, trust them, learn from them, and obey them.
First of all, there are a lot of taxis on street, so that many taxis make a lot of traffic accident.
As we all know , there is much love around us .
For example , the teachers help me to deal with the problem patiently .
MY parents prepare for my food carefully .
that is why I grow up happily .
When I get love from them .
So I must do something for them .
It is own way to show my love .
When I stayed at home for a week, I found it was so boring to do the same things: eating, watching TV, and sleeping.
After conquering many obstacles, I was an employee of Vanguard Supermarket.
As I was in trouble learning skills, I would think of my teacher ; because few people helped me patiently liking teacher.
At weekend, many people came supermarket to go shopping.
Undoubtedly, it would take many profits for the company, but for me, it was a misery day.
I have to work very late; that's tired.
Sometimes, someone intentionally created difficulties.
Even more, they gave you fake money.
Many foreigners come to the city.
Anyway, it is a time that contributes to my growth and maturity.
Nowadays, the phenomenon that university campus students to pursue the brand is more and more common.
Many students spend a lot of money to buy some brand products.
They think these brand products's quanlity are guaranteed.
Nevertheless, most of the students are rational.
They are opposed to this phenomenon.
Because it cost much money.
As far as i'm concerned, i don't have very good economic foundation.
My parents advocate saving.
So i like them don't pursue the brand.
I don't think brand products are good.
Blood donation has its great significance.
First of all, many people who are sickness and dying are demand for blood very much.
Blood means their everything and their life support.
Secondly, blood donation without repayment can inspire people and educate everyone.
Last but not least, there is a great spirit in it, it's selfless dedication and love.
Many people consider blood donation may be harmful to our health.
Nevertheless, in fact, blood donation is beneficial to our health.
As a college student, we have more freedom, and we can do everything we want to.
So we have more bad habits than high school.
Such as play the computer games, get up too late, drinking and so on.
First, I think the worst habit is play the computer games, as a student, our main aim is study, play the computer games can not only lost our time and money, but also affect our study.
So we shouldn't be addicted to it.
Second, I disagree we students get up too late.
a 12-kilometer radius say of good: a year is the spring, in the morning of a day.
So we ought to use the morning time increase our knowledge.
Finally, I think drinking is necessary for the college students, but we must stop where it should stop, because it's bad for our health.
In a word, although college students have many bad habits, but we also can be best.
Water, paying an important role in our daily life, breeding everything on the earth.
Along with the advance of the society, more and more problems are brought to our attention, one of which is that water become fewer than before.
In addition, there are two reasons.
Firstly, water is polluted increasingly by chemical factory.
After a thorough consideration, for my part, I think that people should be attaching more and more importance to the water shortage.
Everyone has responsibility to save water.
On the one hand, the government should encourage people to save water and get some measure to protect water.
On the other hand, the chemical plant should consider the water whether is polluted in the productive process.
The Mid-autumn Day is traditional Chinese festival.
It is the second most important holiday of the year.
People have celebrated the Mid- autumn Day since a long time ago .
Because Mid-autumn Day festival means reunion.
During the festival , there are plenty of other things to see and do .
we have a three-day holiday.
And we usually watch program, talk lot and tell stories after dinner.
It's generally said that the best way to learn a language is to be abandoned to it.
However, learning English also have something in common with playing games which you can get a kick out of.
It is essential to listen a lot and talk with each other as well.
Meanwhile, it is gorgeous reading that you can do.
The more efforts you make, the faster you read.
There are all my advices .
First of all.
if a person is guilty, maybe he will leave some evidences because of his impatience.
And if we cannot find anything to prove it, there isn't any reason for us to say with certainty that the man is guilty.
What's more, maybe sometimes this principle is not reasonable and fair according to our emotion, but the only thing we can do is to prove the fact with abundant proof.
In a word.
No matter who you are and no matter what you do, everyone has a dream.
It is colorful and different.
Some people want to be rich and some people want to be famous.
But you never can become millionaires overnight or suddenly jump to great prestige.
  No pain no gain.
People who dream of achieving have at least have one thing in common, that is, they always hold fast to their dreams.
Marie Curie, a famous scientist, has set a particular striking.
By chance, Marie find a new element.
Her dream had come true.
Success is not an accident.
Though barries may sometimes stand in the way of your dreams.
In accordance with your actual, make your dream more realistic.
Then just try your best.
Never say I can not do it or this is too hard to me.
Hold fast to your dreams, no matter how big or small they are.
Always believe that your ultimate goal is attainable as long as you commit yourself to it.
It may be briefly summed up as follows.
Many people say Time is money.
As far as I'm concerted , we should be coexistent with the Five Peaceful coexistent Principles .
I feel it lucky to be a pig, that man's pig.
It's my duty to put on weight full meals after full meals.
Every spring, I would change my master.
Sometimes, I would come across cruel men who often beat me.
I think, they are so stupid that hardly know my value.
Bright owners would spoil me , taking me as their babies.
Lucky, this spring such a man intrudes into my life.
He is a tall, slim man in his forties or fifties.
The day he brings me home is a sunny day, no cloud staggering above.
This home is so gorgeous, beyond my imagination.
Apple trees stand there, full of sweet flowers and light green leaves, totally  icy beauties  .
The breeze is my old friend.
It is she that makes big apple trees to wave hands to me.
I feel extremely flattered.
But I am too small to shake hands with them, which makes me sad.
A little down from the warm slope of the orchard(I learn it later) lies my new home, surrounded by the wooden fence.
  It seems that a person in front of me is not a tall man, but a kind mother.
My bed is a little strange, made of sawdust, yet warm enough.
When I want to sleep, I just plow a little furrow with my snout and lie down in.
I have three meals a day, each in a fixed time: six o'clock in the morning, ten o'clock before noon and 4 o'clock before dust.
At first, the cold ladies are hard to contact.
As the time goes by, we become close friends.
They tell me that their leaves will fall down in autumn.
  The respond in a tender voice, Life is a circle.
Three months pass by.
I am stronger and fatter.
The flowers all change into little green sour fruits.
I can never see my beauties any more.
I am in bad mood now.
The food in my trough is not that delicious as before.
When my friends die in autumn, I am destined to be another dishes on the table.
As the silver cord was cut, my first mother told me about the span of my life.
If I were a bird, I would fly in the azure sky; if I were a drop of water, I would flow into a wide ocean; if I were a little seed buried in soil, I would get rid of the prison and would be in full blossom.
But I am a little pig.
My sorrow confines me in the sawdust.
That words  Life is a circle  have haunted me for months.
My present mother come to check me, seriously.
Several hours later, he comes to me, followed by his giant son, who armed with a small bottle of oil and a length of clothesline.
I am very shocked.
The older son just cast a glimpse of me, then grab my front legs and upset me quickly.
At the moment I scream, mother turns the bottle into my throat, regardless of my hysterical shouting.
When the torment is over, my big brother right me and stand by.
Then my mother scratches me gently, but he suddenly stops, his brows wrinkled.
Again, he checks me seriously, yet completely.
After their leaving, I fell a little uncomfortable.
On such stuffy days, my sweats drop like greasy oil.
I don't know what happens to me.
I just fell a little dizzy.
Unconsciously, I vomits.
Two days later comes a couple of strangers, a young man and a lovely woman.
I hear my mother call them doctor McFarland and miss Oven respectively.
What they three have done to me flees from my memory.
At that moment, the pain inwards settles over me.
I even don't know how long it resists.
I have no strength to reopen my eyes.
What I can do is just sleep, sleep, and sleep.
All the terms and conditions are acceptable to us and we are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.
Also under separate cover, we are sending you some samples which will show you clearly the quality and craftsmanship.
The offer holds good until 4 o'clock p.m. 14th of October , Beijing time.
The saying goes: whoendure to be guided.
What impressed me most was the men's 4x100m race.
Runners strove to speed up as they could.
Everyone had a ferocious look in the last runner who caught all people's eye.
He ran so fast that he seemed to be a rocket from people's sight.
There is no doubt that he got the first easily.
In my opinion, of course success is important, but to unite team members is more important.
I am pleased to confirm that we hold the next meeting .
I have booked the meeting at 402 rooms .
I want to check details for an event next week with my two assistants.
And confirm the schedule with security of our meeting is developed.
One participant will be late to our meeting.
His physical is not well.
Finally.
I greet you, you enjoy the purity of the body, you stern character, I would like to embrace you at training, strive .
In my opinion, governments should spend more money on improving all forms of public transportation.
these include buses, trains or subways.
On the one hand, governments spend more money on improving public transportation can bring with a lot of benefits and convenience to people's life.
Many peoples go to work will take more than two hours.
The government should take actions to solve this problem.
On the other hand, better public transportation systems will encourage people to use them rather than drive their own car.
The pollution of environment more and more heavily.
If a city has no a perfect public transportation, the air will polluted more heavily.
There are many reason to suppose governments should spend more money on improving public transportation.
Good transportation systems make a city clearer, more efficient and more convenient.
Many cyber gurus has claimed that the Internet will prevent wars , reduce pollution and combat inequality .
Secondly, millions of PCs, printers, servers and other devices gobble significant quantities of energy.
The Internet changes many things.
And Summer Place is a paradise on earth.
For The Great Wall, such a saying goes : One who fails to reach the Great Wall is not a hero.
Everyone attempted to rescue the partner.
I like the teacher that is teaching me because she is amusing and kind.
At the same time, her lesson is so clearly and she likes telling many stories to us.
So I think, a good teacher must be amusing and rich in knowledge or sometimes can be strict.
And, the teacher mustn't good and successful if don't likes students.
A good teacher shoule be patient because some students are not really smart, like me.
So be a good teacher need more patient to teaches them.
Everyone will be angry the teacher is no exception but a good teacher maybe not usually be angry, there are modest and open-minded.
The author above holds the view that the only effective way to solve the problem is to connect western visitors and chinese tourists more often , so that they can understand each other better in culture.
But I am not compeletly agree with that.
In my opinion, that is the question of moral rather than culture.
It is true that there are differences between western and eastern culture.
Both of them, however, are not approve of the rude behaviour in public.
In fact, it is ourselves who to blame for the situation.
We do lack public sense, which makes us do whatever we want to do at randon when we are in public places.
It is no use just to comminucate with western visitors as much as possible.
We may know more about them and understand them, but still are not able to respect them.
Because we do not learn to require ourselves strictly under various situations.
In other words, it has been an accustom in our mind.
We have to do more instead of konwing more.
we must put the theory into practice.
That is sad fact.
To avoid the heartbreaking fact, The young have much responsibility.
Parents are important to us as the root is important to a tree, who we should spend lots of time companying with.
Money is not everything.
We have lots of time to chat with friends on the internet.
However, we even have no time to call our parents.
So take your cellphone and call your parents.
Put down your work and go home to visit your parents.
My name is X.
I'm a 19 years old boy.
I live in the beautiful city of C.
I am an active, lovely and clever boy.
In the school, my favourite subject is maths.
Perhaps someone thinks it's difficult to study well.
But I like it.
I belive that if you try your best, everything can be done well.
I also like sports very much.
Such as, running, volleyball and so on.
I'm kind-hearted.
If you need help, please come to me.
OK.
This is me.
My mother is a strong woman, and her favorites saying is self-respect.
Looking back these years, she earned money for my brother's study and mine, and supported to our family .
She already did manual works more than ten years .
I would try my best to give my mother happiness, but I know only by studying hard can I do it .
In my opinion, a good teacher not only have rich in knowledge but also can explains the knowledge to their students.
They don't have to be strict and unsmiling, but they must to be organised.
They always like to give students a lot of tests, if student failed the tests, they should encourage them.
They love to talk to students and cares about the students, Even though they have favourite syudents, they modest and open-minded to every students.
In our life and we would love a lot of people, our families, our friends, our lovers, or star, writer and strangers.
Lunar winter vacation, a few days I have a cold home infusion, and my father out of the hospital to go to the supermarket to buy a lot of food to send me home, he is an elderly legs very neatly, walk a few steps will breathe for a half day, so he also to adhere to the home to see me so I felt very bad.
His body has a very strong force, and every time regardless of the upstairs or downstairs and he will not let me holding him, he would prefer railing their own walk slowly.
So from my father, where I learned to be strong.
I'm really glad that you are interested in traditional Chinese festivals.
A series of colorful celebration activities are held for the brand new year on the first day of the first lunar month.
On the New Year'eve, families get together to have a big dinner, no matter whether the meals are delicious or not, no matter how people have changed, the only things left in our memories are the shining lights, sincere blessing and deep warmth.
Everyone.
My name is T, I'm 18 years old, I'm from beautiful X.
In the school, my favourite subject is maths.
As a student, I study very hard.
For example, running badminton and so on.
If you want help, please came to me.
I'd like to be good friends with you.
University ranking, in recent society, is very interesting among a great number of universities.
On the one hand, it is very useful to some people, especially the people in our country, that the high ranking stands for the high level of the universities.
A university have a high ranking , a great number of great students will plunge to it, and it will be have more influence in our country.
But, have a high quality of education, I think, is much more important than have a high ranking.
That is because have a high level of education is the target to all universities.
Hong Kong is a beautiful city in the daytime, but even more wonderful at night.
In the author's opinion, it is the NAFTA and WTO that make U.
These free trade agreements encourage U.
The author think the U.
A reservation is a recorded promise or guarantee of a table in a restaurant.
For restaurant it helps make more profit while it is convient for customer to enjoy meal, spend less time.
In my oppinion, all countries in the world, I love Switzerland most, It is my dreaming destination in Europe.
Switreland is a developed country in the center of the Europe, whitch covers an area of 4.1million square kilomiters.
And the population of Switzerland is 750million.
And Switzerland has two important countries one is Berne, the capition of Switzerland and the other one is the most famous city , Geneva.
Switzerland is a amazing country, that's why I love it .
Nowadays, the number of is greatly increasing in china .
Quite a few characters take the attitude that we shouldn't take possesion of a mass of cars.
On the one hand , the reason is air polluted that there are a sea of cars, and causing our body is untheathy .
On the other hand , there are many traffic jams especially when people go to work and go home.
And the oil is a lack in the world.
On the contray, some of persons disagree that.
they hold the view that that they should have personal cars .
Firstly, it is convenient for people to go wherever they want to go.
From my own perspective, the private cars should not be encouraged in some degrees.
Napoleon declared,  Victory belongs to the most persevering.
He who has a goal is always concentrating his forces .
I have a lot of things to do in my free time.
Usually i take exercise after school.
I like basketball and volleyball very much.
Sports hlep me to keep heathy and study better.
I often watch TV or do some reading in the evening.
Sometime I listen to music for a while.
I find it a good way to relax myself.
Of course, I help my parents with the housework at the weekends.
Sometime I go to a field trip with my friends.
A lot of hamburgers and ice cream are unhealthy food.
Noodles, meat, rice, vegetables and fruit are healthy food but too much meat is not good for children.
Cola is a unhealthy drink.
Water, milk, juice, tea are healthy drink.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of the internet, people are becoming increasingly aware of the danger of using the internet.
From my point of view, the internet will not isolate us from another.
As we all know, the air pollution has become an universal environmental problem here and there.
In my hometown , the quality of the air is also not so good.
As far as I'm concerned, the action of human being is the main cause of the air pollution.
On one hand, some people often throw litter about and spit in the public.
On the other hand, the overuse of the disposable commodities also cause the White Pollution  .
And the construction of more and more factories also lead to the problem of air pollution even water pollution.
The government have banned the free use of plastic bags.
And some people come to plant more trees in both sides of the road in order to absorb more carbon dioxide.
In my opinion, the government can publish more policies to encourage more people to plant more trees or take part in other activities that are good for our environment.
On the other word you can read it everywhere and every time you want, also you can read again once again if you not really understand the arctic then you will find you can lean many things after you read again.
Recently there has been an argument about the reuse of textbooks on the internet.
In the beginning, I am of the opinion that the reuse of textbooks is necessary.
As far as I can see there are two hundred and twenty million students in our country, and three billion textbooks will be used every year.
So this means that our country will waste eleven million trees.
And then secondly, lt is said that the average lifespan of textbooks in our country is about half year, but the American's is the five years.
In a word, this shows exactly that waste is serious in our country.
Finally, in my opinion, we must try our best to save the trees.
Despite the mushrooming high building, the provision of living space still falls far short of demands.
Since the world is advancing, people are no longer reconciled to living in shabby shelters.
Various solutions have been suggested.
But there seems to be a drawback to each of the solutions.
The moving of urban population to the suburbs may ease housing problem in inner city but brings about traffic problem.
The best solution seems to be a combination of all suggeted solutions.
In many people's opinions, cell phone is a great invention in the world, it can make it easier for people to communication.
Besides, people can get more knowledge through cell phone.
But we also can see that many other people don't think this is good news, because cell phone are so much harm for people.
Such as cell phone always give off radiation, it's bad for people's health.
Visiting places of interest is one of characteristics, and you will taste many delicious Chinese food.
Now I'll introduce my dreaming destination-Russia.
Russia situated in the centre of Europe and cover an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.
It's the capital of Berne and has a population of 7500 thousand.
If a person is spoken shortly of some behaviors or is spread that he does some bad things on the online.
In fact, he doesn't do that, but everyone thinks he does.
He feels embarrassed and frustrated.
Especially , he feels more sad when his relatives and friends consider that he does that.
The Online Rumors do harm to people's physicality and mentality.
I watched this movie when I was adolescent.
This movie is impressive.
So I do not forget it.
Now I watched it again.
Forrest is a little boy with braces on his leg.
In many people's eyes, Forrest looks silly.
Because Forrest has a lower IQ than other persons'.
So he is different in the level of IQ.
Even though he could believe his mother's words he is normal.
I have never seen his inferiority.
Forrest's mother is a great woman who alone brought up her silly son.
I think it is difficult.
Even so she is strong, without any complains.
As well as she is so smart that she decided to let their rooms out to get money.
Aithough her son is different from other persons, she also wanted her son to have the finest education.
So she took her son to the Greenbow county central school.
He met the principle and all.
Unfortunately his IQ score is just 75.
It is low in the normal level of IQ.
Though his mother who is still optimistic.
It is said that, there are some collegues prohibit vihicals to be used in campus.
Surppoters insist that campus is the place for learning and do researches.
Driving in school will put students in danger.
No matter what, I approve those who recomment to forbid using behicals in campus.
Many people regards plastic bags as something good , not only because its convinience but also it's free.
First, it causes what is called white pollution.
It do harm to soil , then food , then animals, then our humans.
Second, such a big population will use up the resources if everyone use it.
There's a saying I can't agree more with , What you do one day will pay off  So you know what you will do next time .
I konw new teachers and new classmates .
With the development of information technology.
Now, more and more people rely on Internet.
Have many people think internet is a two-edged sword.
First, people will be lack of creative.
I am equipped with editing skills and experience as an intern in Bookman Books Ltd.
and others vehicles.
I think we can take action from tow sides.
Second cut tomato into pieces, not too large nor small.
And then we need to break the egg in to a bowl.
We just put into the same amount of salt and oil.
In addition to set an example, to emphasis promotion strength is also important.
My name is X and my English name is Matthel.
I am a 19-year-old girl.
I come from Y, Z.
Although I am short and fat, I am still very confident.
I love traveling, so I want to do tourism professional.
Hello, Miss X.
My name is Y.
I am from Z, Q.
I am one of people from Business English 2.
I am an outgoing girl.
I like making friends.
I also like watching the performance of Korean, for example Running Man.
I love it very much.
If you ask me what is my favourite sports.
In the future I want to become a translater.
That is my dream job.
I will study hard in the college.
That is all.
Some people think that independent learning is better than group cooperative learning.
They think the team cooperation can better learn.
In my opinion.
I think group cooperative learning can improve students' communication ability and cultivate their friendship.
We only through the team cooperation to find our own shortcomings.
When it comes to excessive packaging, it is no longer a new topic for us.
More and more products become more expensive than before.
The one of the course of the prices rise is the excessive packaging.
Nowadays, more and more people like to send gifts to their parents, friends and boss.
A special packaging makes the receivers happy.
From what have been stated above, we can naturally come to the conclusion that people make the excessive packaging and the rising prices.
So in my opinion, people can find other things instead of the excessive packaging.
English editor's main work includes two parts: First of all from English newspapers and magazines and the Internet to choose articles which is suitable for the students to read.
Want to apply for the students to meet the following two requirements: Firstly hope is willing to sacrifice their spare time classmate services for students.
Some of us will give a beautiful scene of our future lives, but the movie named Wall.
In the year of 2700, the earth is polluted by human beings who have already moved to other planet.
Wall.
E, a kind of robot which is sent to collect the garbage on the earth, with the time going by and the erosion of harsh environment, a large number of robots are not suitable for the harsh environment, only W works day by day.
Until one day, a robot named Eve comes to the earth to find green plant.
The movie tells us a love story between robots.
In the real world, love is limited by many things, but love between robots is pure and innocent.
They can't talk, so it's difficult for them to communicate.
W cannot express his feelings to Eve by words, but through his action, we can feel the love from W.
At the end of the movie, W and Eve hand in hand to welcome the rebirth of earth.
In addition, the movie warns us that we must protect our earth right now.
He is widely considered to be one of the greatest painters of all time and perhaps the most diversely talented person ever to have lived.
Among his works, the Mona Lisa is the most famous and most parodied portrait and The Last Supper the most reproduced religious painting of all time, with their fame approached only by Michelangelo's The Creation of Adam.
Perhaps fifteen of his paintings survive, the small number because of his constant, and frequently disastrous, experimentation with new techniques, and his chronic procrastination.
Relatively few of his designs were constructed or were even feasible during his lifetime, but some of his smaller inventions, such as an automated bobbin winder and a machine for testing the tensile strength of wire, entered the world of manufacturing unheralded.
Now the death penalty still exist.
Some people firmly think that the death penalty should be cancelled.
I have no idea why my English teacher always give us an extremely cordial feeling.
I also remember the sense of the first English writing class.
  Heavy and chean  .
Although she looks quite emaciated, her class with the abundant energy.
Sometime she shared her interesting things.
We also talked about lift at leisure time.
On one occasion, I made jokes on others in class.
All of us became silent suddenly.
She went on saying, It dose not matter , we can learn with joy  .
At a quick glance, some students are too tired to keep their eyes open so they choose to have a short sleep, part of the rest are willing to chat with others to relax, a joke or a funny story can make people feel at ease.
Different people have different ways to keep themselves stay awake to face the challenge in studies.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
My favourite teacher is Mr. Shao.
He teaches us geography.
He is about 27 , I think , and is rather good-looking.
We like friends when we get together.
And he is so lovely that just like a boy.
He always tells jokes to us in class.
I don't think I will bored in Mr.
I still remember once I didn't understand a point in a class.
I felt worried and helpless.
But Mr.Shao taught me again and again until I got it.
Because Mr.
The university students have bad in dealing with frustration.
The education of Frustration should be carried out in universities.
The university students must learn how to deal with frustration.
There are many beautiful countries in the world.
The country that I want to visit mostly is Switzerland.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland.
It is a developed country and covers an area of 41000 square kilometers.
It is a country known for its stability, multiculturalism, and prosperity.
The country's chief feature is its beauty and it merits its label as the garden of the world.
The most significant and priceless thing on earth for me is my parent's love.
It's pure, and not for any benefit.
If I have to compare it to one similar thing , crystal may be the best one, because it's value and characteristic.
I have realized my extreme fault, so I feel very guilt.
If it was not for you, I would no way have received such great happiness.
In recent years, With the progress of the society, the improvement of living standards, the computer has been popular, it is widely used for life.
Secondly, In computers can chat with the friends, increase feelings.
However, the coins also has two sides.
On the one hand, the computer spends too much time and money.
In my opinion, we should take the computer used for life, study, work, but this does not mean that used to everything.
We should have all kinds of life.
Computers should not be leading us most of our lives, it for us can only is a tool.
Beijing is a really nice city.
It has many beautiful place : sach as the Great Wall, the Summer Place and so on.
Beijing weather is not very good.
Because cars are too more.
The weather is just like London.
When you come to Beijing , you must visit the Great Wall, it is really interesting.
However, there is always crowded.
You can eat Beijing duck here.
It is really nice.
Thirdly, you can go to the recruitment agency to register .
The last, you can make use of the Internet .
It is a special and new way to find a good job.
you just need log on to the information.
I'm L, who is in charge of the competition.
I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to make a speech on this activity.
Up to now, the English speech competition has been successfully held for 10 years.
It aims at improving your comprehensive English quality, as well as developing useful reading habits.
Then, you all ought to be aware of the following points.
Above all, it's ordered that every one keep time less than 5 minutes when delivering speech formally.
Besides, the fluency in English may earn more scores for you.
The English speech competition has drew great public attention.
It's widely acknowledged that speaking English plays an increasingly important role in our life.
There are many clubs, such as Science Club, Drama Club, Sports Club, Music Group and English Corner.
Each of them has a lot of activities.
For example, when we are at the English Corner, we can communicate with each other in English.
We also can learn others' learning skills.
Everyone is free to choose a club to join.
These club activities start at 3:30 and end at 5:00 every Friday afternoon.
We enjoy ourselves during these club activities.
They make life interesting and colorful.
I am curious about the club activities of your school.
evary week, my father would take car go home.
carsjustis a tool.
How happy it was to move to my new apartment and I was so deeply impressed by its arrangement.
As I entered the bright, cheerful hall with beige walls and light grey capet, I noticed there were two pieces of exquisite paintings hanging on the wall.
Besides, an air conditioner was on the wall, which makes us comfortable to live.
However, to my surprise, there were so many doors around the hall, which increased the mystery.
After viewing the hall, I turned left and opened the door to the living room.
As I got into the room, a drop light caught my eyes.
There was a wooden, classical table surrounded by four sofas in the room where we can invite friends to join our party.
How beautiful it was.
After that, I turned left and opened the door to the kitchen where a big cupboard stand ed on the southeast corner of the room and various of tableware were put in the cupboard.
As far as I am concerned, it was a good place for dinner.
After that, there was a toilet next to the living room where a big bathtub and many wash utensil were here.
To my surprise, a closet appeared next to the toilet where so many clothes were here.
Finally, I walked to the right most of the hall and I opened the door to the bedroom where there was a single bed with its headboard against the far wall.
Only in this room can I have a sound sleep and a wonderful dream.
today is Monday, I often get up 6:00am.
after that I bresh teeth and wash face .
I have breakfast at 6:15.
I have four class in the afternoon .
I get home at 6:00pm.
I often have dinner at 6:40pm.
I finish my homework before 10:00am .
My life is very good.
Now, people attach importance to the ability of spoken English is much more than writing skills, most people think we can talk enough.
Most people think that English is spoken most effective means of communication, in fact, writing is one of the means to communicate effectively.
If you want to enter the international business work or study, then writing skills will help you be one of the rare.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, English is a useful tool, and It can make people who live in different places closer by communicating with English.
Secondly, people who can speak English can get more opportunities than people who can not.
Last but not least, studying another language can improve our abilities.
I want to study English for different reasons.
On one hand , we can know more about the culture of other conturies.
With these knowledge we can do much better when we travel aborad.
On the other hand, learning English well can help us study well.
For example , lots of books with good qualities are written in English.
So if we are good at English , we can learn more from them.
Last but not least, the earth is becoming a family and English is the official language.
Albert Einstein became the most famous scientist of the 20th century.
I really admire his genius mind.
I have learnt more about Albert Einstein.
On the other hand, he has the sense of humour and the super IQ.
In my opinion, he is a great man in my heart.
Hello, let me make a self-introduction.
My name is Lucy--an American who lives in New York.
In the first day,3rd November, we took a plane to there and we arrived there at 16 o' clock in the next day.
Then we visited the Forbidden City.
We had stayed there for 4 days and we had visited almost the places of interest.
I am looking forward to the next trip to China.
When I immersed in the AIDS people, who always try their best to fight with hard fate , I am deeply moved and can not laughter for them .
Those damage more let a person sad than from diseases bring pain.
Now let us pray for them.
If you ask me whom I love very much .
In the word , each mother loves their children , she takes care of them from the day when they birth .
She gives the loving care to them .
In my family , I also have one brother and one sister .
At noon , she cook lunch for us on time .
She always has a lot of housework to do .
Especially in winter , she has to wash our clothes by hands .
So her hands are always frostbited by the cold water .
However , she always say nothing to us and she can not let me help her .
For my mother , the most important thing I should do is studying hard .
I want to say thanks to my mother .
Let us say to our mother loudly : Mom I love you most .
The ten-minute class break is meaningful to us.
Look, class is over but the teacher continue in the class.
Some students listening carefully what teacher has said.
Others falling sleep instead of listening teacher.
Still others born to shake the leg.
In my opinion, in this case, the students should have more times to relax in order to welcome the next lesson.
Draging class will make students hate learning and have no effects.
While my mother was sweeping the floor, I was doing the dishes.
It's 4:30 p.m.
We ate a big meal there.
Nowadays, the telephone become more and more useful, such as: we can meet each other on telephone, and send the photos .
Maybe, at present, teachers konwthe university students would rather play the computer games than study.
nowadays, there are many people died of fire disaster.
today, i will tell you something about how to escape the fire disaster.
the very important thing is to take an evacuation drill, and the aim is to improve our save you ability skill.
and we should know how to escape the place where the fire disaster take place .
there also are many prablems .
such as treat the drill as fun and think it is not important .
in my opponion , first, we should keep calm and quiet.
second, we should obey the suggestions that the teacher said.
Today, society networs are very popular in our life.
And different people have different views on this phenomenon.
The majority of white-collar think that society networks can develop themselves'society circle .
It also contribute to the work'development.
And on the one hand, most teenagers think in the Internet they can get more frients, and they can share thoughts and happiess with them.
But on the other hand, many parents worry that their chirlden in social networking get along with fraud.
As far as I'm concerned, society networks more advantages than disadvantages.
We should take full use of the advantages of using society networking sites.
It helps us solve the difficulties in daily life.
In my heart a good teacher can't be too weak because it's hard to make students listen.
Apart from that the teachers also can't be too strict.
I think a good teacher need have some advantages such as amusing and interesting, try to be one of us.
Lot of students more like these teachers than others.
They take a lot of blessings of friends family and into church.
In general, the bride's father will arm in arm with bride then he will give daughter'hands to the bridegroom, the move means that the father agree with bride and bridegroom to marry.
Two persons will set up their own home.
First of all, two new persons in front of priest, follow the instructions and to do movements.
Then the priest say: Is there anyone present whom can show any just cause why these two persons should not be legally joined in marriage and so on.
Next, the two rings should be put on the Bible held by the Judge.
Next, the bridegroom takes one up and puts it on the bride's finger and the bride takes the other one up and puts int on the bridegroom's finger.
Last, the guests laugh, applaud, and throw confetti.
Comparing with stressful males, average females used to choosing more flexible jobs which are relaxing , stable and easy to manage .
However, others believe we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using our senses, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.
My name is W.
In my opinion, we can use mobile phones to connect with our parents and friends.
And mobile phones can also increase fun for us .
However, mobile phones also has bad effect on our school life.
It will waste a lot of time and money to chat on mobile phones.
And it makes students dont focus on their studies but be crazy about phone games in class.
So visible , there are some negatives connected with mobile phones.
But we can do some things to avoid that condition.
We should pay attention to our teacher and turn off mobile phones in class.
According to this happenings, I really understood the old saying  The early birds catch the worms.
With the continuous development of society, the migrant labor are also more and more, they are each big city walk, including Shanghai and Shenzhen, Shanghai accounted for 24%, Shenzhen accounted for 20%, Guangzhou accounted for 17%, Beijing accounted for 16%, Chongqing accounted for 12% and Dongguan accounted for 11%.
From the chart can be seen that the distribution of workers is each big city, an important reason is the big city economic development, employment opportunities, remuneration and high.
I think some of them are in order to let their children can better education.
Children can keep pace with the times, develop the child's vision.
'A teacher says to the students.
The scene happens everyday in Chinese classes.
My mother told me: dear I want you to become a civil servant, so you will have a job forever.
I told my mother many times, civil servants not I like the professional, tried to convince her.
But I failed many times.
First, civil servants regular working hours, not to work overtime, work is more stable than other classes.
Secondly, What's more civil servants salary is average level.
The civil servants also need not pay social security.
Finally, Civil servants need according to the rules, influenced by too many rules.
I was stubborn, so I persuade my mother again, civil service exam hot made a lot of people will attend, and the test will be more and more difficult.
And the only one test are likely to succeed.
Nowadays, the gobble is getting insignificant owing of the internet.
So online shopping is increasingly fashionable.
I get accustomed to going online instead of going to a real shop.
For example, shopping online is much more convenient.
You just click your mouse to choose the dissertation you like and the shopping is finished.
You needn't step out of the room.
Secondly, you may find many different kinds of product that you can't find in the real shops.
Of course, however, every coin has two sides, shopping online seems easy and quick.
But online shopping has a lot of trap.
If you are careless you may find the product is different from what you need.
Some student think it is a good way to study and to know more things.
We can change ideas online and share with our friends.
Other students think high school students should not get online frequently.
It is bad for our eyes.
Today, a number of students always play games without study.
Some students always chat with their friends for a long time everyday.
As a result, they can not hand their homework on time.
My name is P.
We have many stress and tension in modern lives.
We could do some interesting things.
For example, you could listen to music which you like.
And you could read books or go for a walk after meals.
Those are all very useful actions.
But the best way to reduce stress and tension is to chat with someone who you believe.
This one could be your parents or best friends.
If you told someone with something made you unhappy or sad.
If you have any stress and tension.
Try to reduce it.
It has been a long time that the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV has been a common part of our entertainments during Spring festival.
Most Chinese people like watching it with families after having the family reunion dinner.
However, recently, someone has come up with the idea that the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV should be canceled.
To begin with, the quality of the programs has been worse and worse, it's very boring.
From where I stand, every coin has two sides.
Though it costs a lot, there are also some measures to deal with the money.
What's more, more different forms of the programs can be offered.
Reading is often of a person's growth and learning has an important influence.
At the right time, reading a good book can ignite the spark of thought, let us become more knowledgeable and enjoy reading.
Unconsciously, the reading to broaden our vision, inspire the infinite possibility.
People's thought is various, for the same thing will have different opinions and points of view, I am no exception, I also have their own opinions.
First of all, I think their point of view is correct, have their own reasons, but, I think their views are too one-sided, are inadequate.
I think reading can not only make us open field of vision and increase knowledge, can also improve our self-cultivation.
But we can not just reading, we should apply the learned knowledge to real life.
Now our society develops very fast, and we can't adapt quick life, so we think we lack of happiness.
The modern can feel anxious and nervous when they are caught in trouble, and they are negative in during a long time, so they don't feel happiness.
First, I will listen to some music when I get in trouble, because it can be relaxed my heart and don't be anxious.
Second, keeping a positive attitude is very useful, because everything has the double aspect, you can see the good from the bad.
Third, I can communicate with my best friends to deal with the problem.
If you can do it, happiness will be around you anywhere.
As a student in this university who regularly comes to the library at my leisure, I appreciate the high quality of the service offered by you.
However, I would like to give some advices for you to adopt.
In the daytime, most of the students are having class, so thry can't come to the library.
I really wish to have a more comfortable library.
We learn from the picture that mobile phones have been increasingly widespread in people's life.
It is to me that indulging in mobile phones produces negative influences on body and mind.
People's way of communication is various, such as talking, eyes or body communication.
It is not completing that interflow of communication by writing or simple language talking, , from a long-term point of view, this is not strong relationship will be as vulnerable as Cask Effect in the bucket.
Personally, in view of the overuse of mobile phones, I hold that we individuals should raise the necessary awareness that good relationship is reinforced by sincere and face-to-face communication.
I am Z, the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.
As we all know, Chinese students have many problem in writing.
For example, they often make mistakes in spelling or forget grammar.
The lecture will be hold at 9:00 next Wednesday , the place is lecture hall, the substance is about problems in writing.
I am sure students will appreciate your opinion very much.
We should make plan in advance in our life, not only in the field of learning but also in other aspects.
Do things later than others in the first time, then we will behind them all the time.
As a result, we lose in the end.
For example, the chinese athletes' excellent performance in 2010 olympic winter games in Vancourcer is definitely the result of their early planning and hand training.
In one word, the saying shows us the importance of planning and hard work and constantly trying .
Otherwise, public facilities' numbers and sorts should be increased, the communication between neighbors will unknowingly become frequent when people using it.
We will hold at our school meeting hall .
Time is 8:00 to 10:00 p.m. next Friday.
That time, will be show all kinds of performance: English stories, songs, poems and short plays and so on.
Mr and Mrs Green and their children form Canda will enter our English evening.
He encourages me up when I am sad.
What ever he does, he never gives up.
The first period is the ancient English period from the fifth century to the 12th century.
Though it is an out-of-the-way place.
The climate is really wonderful in my hometown.
It is like a fairyland.
Almost everyone was poor.
Now more and more schools, hositals, shops, so and forth have been built.
I love my hometown not only for these, but also for the people.
They are oddly kind and diligence.
With the remarkables improvement of people's living standard, computers is more and more common.
They have greatly facilitated people's lives.
The main reasons why I am in favor of establishing free libraries are as follows.
Firstly, if government establish libraries, people will go to read books, instead of reading on computers.
That can protect their eyes sepecially children's.
Secondly, when people are reading on computers, they just glance over quickly.
They can't enjoy the happiness of reading and can't cultivate their taste.
Finally, nowadays people are busy in working and studying.
They ignore communication with others.
There is no place better than libraries for people to relax and communicate.
From the above analysis, we may arrive at the conclusion that the government should establish free libraries for people.
That can not only attract people to enjoy themselves.
Although now the quality of people's lives have improved, the happiness index of people in decline gradually.
Many people think they don't happy, the reason may come from many aspects.
May be because of work pressure, feel the salary is not high, but not feel so hard boss.
Others may feel not enough care about their own family, feel lonely.
There are some people, feel their lovers to oneself is not good enough, not enough love oneself, so, often quarrel happiness between them.
In reality, happoness is needing to practice.
Learn to find the good things in life experience moving dribs and drabs in life.
On practice, may also is this a few aspects, first of all, we should have a meet mentality, don't always pursue some unrealistic things, this will is to reduce their own happiness, let your life is very tired.
In addition, we strive to moved feel every bit of life, makes you happy.
So, happiness is needing to practise, only to have a good mind, to live more relaxed and happy.
We are happy to inform you that our foods of Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 has been shipped S.
Pearl and transport S.
Life abounds in changes, heartache, disappointment, good time and unfavorable time, but remember to look forward and know what's going on in your life in future.
We have many things to do in college.
One thing is to prepare for the future.
One is interpersonal relationships.
If you want to find ideal working in the future that you are interested in and handle easily, you must have a good interpersonal relationships.
Whatever you will be at work on, you must be in society.
The other is working ability.
Company's aim is to make money and benefits contact with ability.
In the end I hope that I can make myself more independent to face the study and life and study how to carry the responsibility at the end of the term.
Information.
Communication.
Online friends.
According to this, the rate we got useful information most depends on our friends in some ways.
Second, we can speak put freely to them.
It is normal in real life that we complain about something or somebody but for some reason we couldn't speak out.
Third, when we become friends, we can visiting our online friends.
There is a website calle Couchsurfer which is based on the friendship between online friends.
In high shool we are forced to study due to our teachers and parents, who require us to study hard and not allow us to play computer games or watch TV.
In college, we are free to do what we like.
The study is a voluntary job.
We must develop a habbit of self-study.
Moreover, in college we have more chances to acquire knowledge.
Taking part in varied activities is of vital important for all of us.
In college school we should pay more attention on learn by oneself.
The teacher is only a guide, who can not teach everything .
Secondly, Churchill uses a plenty of parallel structure, for instance, we shall fight him by land, we shall fight him by sea, we shall fight him in the air-.
Any men or state who marches with Hitler is our foe.
Because they think that everybody all has their rights, and death penalty is an inhumane act .
Although the modern social law already get rapid progress , but all kinds of new crime continue emerge in endlessly , some to human society cause serious damage .
Many people may consider that death penalty is a violent and brutal act, and it is against human moral principles and does little good for the country .
But death penalty should not be abolished in my minds , because death penalty can reduce crime, creating a harmonious environment .
Beside , the idea that a murder must pay with his life has been deeply rooted and firmly planted in the minds of Chinese , it is nature's law and earth's way .
So if our country abolishes the death penalty , most people will not agree .
Finally , I think that death penalty should not be abolished in china .
Because in china , there is a saying that : an eye for an eye .
The last, we usually make some useful activities.
How lively and attractive our community is.
Opinions are divided.
Some students become strongly against canceling listening exam, because as one out of four basic language skills, listening couldn't be ignored.
Besides, listening is one of the most important ways to gather information.
However, the others think it necessary to do so.
In addition, there is a big difference of English teacher as well as the equipment between city and countryside.
I love my school.
Famous people always be stared by common people.
And their activities are always reported by medias.
Some teenagers always only look at famous people who are honest.
But they didn't see that famous people shoulder more responsibilities.
So my idea is that there is not a really easy job for people.
Albert Einstein once said, one should never impose one's views on a problem; one should rather study it , and in time a solution will reveal itself.
Yes, I agree with what he said.
We should learn how to analyze a problem , how to sharpen our analytical skills and how to solve the problem quickly.
The author suggest us that not to focus too strongly on any aspect of the problem, we should learn to think generally about it.
As the old saying goes, there are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
We should think of the problem in a variety of aspects.
Only sharpen our analytical skills can we become a creative thinker quickly and strongly.
Everyone can join in the teaching.
The last but not least, in my opinion, active study maybe for us more useful, everybody can declare oneself opinion, in this way I believe more and more students will join in and will boost efficiency in studying.
There have many kinds of love in our world.
For example, family love, friendship, romantic love and so on.
I think I am a happiness girl, because I have a very warm family and many good friends.
They are important person for me in my life.
When I was grouping up, my parents played very important roles.
When I was young, just a little girl, my parants protected me and tought me many things.
I am a outgoing girl, so, I have many good friends, included new friends and old friends.
I have been acquainted with my old friends many years.
We always meet when I was on leave.
But it is true, the teacher is a human in cognitive first enlightenment.
I would like to check details with you for the event next week.
I have booked a deluxe single for two nights and take care of everything as possible as you can.
Finally, a participant will be late in the event because of his illness.
Fortunately, I met Dahui who looks like a sun in my life that giving me warm and bring my shine.
As we can see from the chart, in general, the unemployment rate in 2011 is decreasing progressively with the academic diplomas.
On the contrary, the higher education you receive, the more you can earn.
The average unemployment rate is only 7.6%, but people who receive education less than a high school diploma are less likely to be hired.
As a consequence, there is no denying that high education can lead to a brightened future.
That 'No pains, no gains' is the best answer of this situation.
We can do nothing to change it but study hard.
Pushing ourselves to be the best is an impossible standard.
But we can push ourselves, every day, to be better than the day before, namely, we choose our own way, including our education.
This class let me learn a lot of things.
The childhood is just like an interesting book, which records hundreds of fun.
Although our childhood is being far away from us with the lapse of time, many fascinating or stupid things are still in the deepest of our memory.
I was six years old then, always being praised for quietness and obedience.
One day, at the end of class, Mrs Li required to bring 100 yuan to school next morning.
After having supper, I told my mum the requirement of Mrs.
Li.
Then, mum took out a piece of paper money, and said to me gently  In case you would lose money, mummy give you one piece of paper money which values 100 yuan.
The next morning, we were told Mrs Li couldn't come to school because of illness, and we had to hand in the money next time when she came.
The school was over early that day, I hung about in the street.
  It's suit to you  , the salesgirl said to me when I was staring at a hair clip.
Finally, I bought the hair clip with the money mum had given me.
My heart beat strongly  I have to talk lie to my mum, she must believe in me, because I haven't lie to her before, Then I hidden my new hairpin into the pocket and put the ninty-six yuan into my bag where my mum had put it yesterday.
  I tired to resist the intense.
  Ah, there is just left ninty-six yuan, it's impossible, mum.
  I murmured innocently.
  No  .
  I forgive you, and you mustn't lie to me next time.
I cannot help laughing everytime when I think of this stupid lie.
more and more students don't pay attention to the spilling.
First: english have abundant words, someone have many means.
Stundant can't remember all meaning.
It's too much words that we need study.
students spond much time on remember meaning of words.
In my view , for study english , not only we can speak but also can spill.
At the begining of our trip, we felt alone and worried, but fortunately we met lots of warm-harted Chinese people.
Now we enjoyed ourselves here.
We study and communicate with each other, we take part in physical activities as well.
We wereinvited to visit to visit different places of famous in Beijing.
I was so lucky that we watched Peking Opera and tasted traditional food.
What is more, the local people also invited me to celebrate the Spring Festival which is supposed to be the most important festival in China.
In addition, I ate dumplings.
I really enjoy this kind of food and I really enjoy the life here.
A new survey carried out by BeiJing Information Company find out that there are nearly a third students in our country who do not think saving money is a good habit.
Above all, saving money can shape you into a frugal person.
When you develop the habit of saving money, you are likely to bear it in mind that you should spend less.
You will not buy unnecessary luxury.
In this way will you become economical.
None is omnipotent , None can ensure you of security and health when we sail through the unpredictable waters of our future life.
You can form no conjecture of your future life.
However, saving money instead of spending tomorrow's money can relieve yourself when we encounter difficulties.
Thirdly, money that are saved can be used to give our parents to show our reverence and filial piety.
They will be delight to see that even though the money is only a little.
Finally, you can save money can donate it to the Hope Project or other charitable organization.
Then our country will be more prosperous with your help.
Saving money can be beneficial both to ourselves and others.
I feel greatly honored to deliver a brief speech.
According to my analysis, there are two main factors.
One is the family surrounding and the other could be the mind of comparing with others.
Of course mot.
Never can we be so selfish.
Never can we compare the higher in such an aspect.
I'm afraid the clock is against.
It's fortunate to come across sucn an attentive audience.
When I was a child, I dreamt of going into a university.
However, when the dream come true, I find that the campus isn't as wonderful as what I thought.
The most terrible problem is that I become addicted in computer games.
In the past, we were forced to study all day.
We took no spare time to play computer games.
Beacuse of the traditional education system, we formed the inert.
So when I came into the campus, a different study mode, I lost myself.
I don't know how to apply my spare time.
I have no interest in studying after-class.
So I am addicted in the Internet , the virtual life.
I wasted so much time on the internet.
I feel so embarrassed about this, so I need to find a solution to solve this problem.
I pay more attention to study and participate in the community.
My English is the worst in my class.
I was determined to spend more time than others to learn English.
After continuous efforts, my English was greatly improved.
I was selected by the teacher as the representative of the English Division.
They think that read the book should have importance for us Because it have some helpin our life.
But many people think we should read a lot of books.
In my opinion, i think reading selectively or extensively has their advantages.
I think reading selective can heip us do angthing better, it can make us have aim.
Reading extensively can rich our extracurricular knowledge.
They are both have use in our life.
There is no denying that intake expansion in universities benefits a lot, some schools focus on recruiting more new students to collect more money instead of developing their skills and improving their quality.
For this reason, we must look for some solutions to deal with these problems.
Nowadays, more and more animals are sent to zoos.
About 40 percent people think the animals should be kept in zoos.
There are two reasons about it.
First, people can see many kinds of animals.
The others think it's wrong to keep the animals in zoos.
First, most of the animals enjoy living in the nature.
In my opinion, people should keep the endangered animals in zoos to protect them.
However, more animals should live in the nature.
We should protect the animals because they are the human's friends.
When we see an animal which was hurt, we should help it and take it to the veterinarians'.
As a freshman in the university, I'm curious about all things here.
At the same time, for me, a quite different and challenging life will start.
But I'm a little afraid and confused.
Compared with senior high school, the life in university is like a new friend who will accompany me for 4 years.
Now here I am.
The past has past.
The future is filled with something unknown.
Though it will take me some time to suit new life, though there will be something crule waiting for me.
I ought to take advantage of the coming opportunities.
I am writing to inform that there will be a foreign language Training organized in the company.
With the development of society, the situation of job hoppers is more and more common.
Some people tend to stick to their positions all the time.
Such people love their work and turn out to be specialists in their field and they are usually high achievers.
If their work-environment change or their company-well-being is not well.
The Traffic problem and vocation are terrible, and salary is a factor which affects job satisfaction.
What's worse, they are unappreciated or ignored in company.
They don't get along well with their bosses and workmates.
They are work under pressure.
In my opinion, It's high time that we should take steps to handle the situation.
We should find ways to become more visible and ask for new challenges or training to help develop our skill and try to limit interactions with them as much as possible.
Nowdays, many young people use out their income in every one month.
They are called the moonlight clan.
They always have no spare money to due to some emergencies.
Somes think it is a popular consuming concepts.
They almost prefer to enjoy themselves rather than work hard to save some money.
They could say we are working just for consuming.
No consumption, no live.
On the other hand, many have the opposite opinions.
They work hard for plenty of reasons, and they save money to develop for a further steep.
From my eye, I can not admire the moonlight clan.
I come from a poor family, so I value money, especially which comes from my favour and perspiration.
Lifestyle, as a manner of living that reflects the person's values and attitudes, is very important for people's development, and has a great affect on people's health.
A good lifestyle can lead a person to the way to success.
On the contrary, fail.
The body is the capital of revolution.
Wealth cann't pay for health.
Having a good body is necessary to have a good lifestyle.
I think doing exercise is necessary.
Also you should have a balanced diet.
Neither eating too much or going hungry.
Vegetables should always appear in your dishes.
In one word, body is ourselves.
We should cherish them.
We have already been university students over one month .
In the high school, we learned knowledge in the classroom and we just read the textbook .
We seldom read other books because of lacking time .
But now everything is different .
In my opinion , university students should read some books which have profound meaning .
For example , I have read a novel , The Ordinary World, which was written by Lu Yao who is a famous Chinese writer .
I love it because it gave me some inspiration that we should do our best to overcome the difficulties that we confront in our life .
It also told me that we should believe in ourselves and develop our potential .
The ability to do something over and over again in a short time may imply its easiness , but many examples have witnessed the opposite result due to the will shortage.
If you make up your mind to do something , no matter how difficult it might be , never give up .
As we known, Edison insisted on experiment in order to invent the light bulb.
In a word , in our daily lives, we shoud take courage to face the difficulties and failures and never give up.
As the saying going Reading thousands of books is equal to walking thousands of miles.
It's broadening ours horizon, motivate ours potential.
Book is important for us.
And our present Mao of course is a good example, who changes his future through education.
Last eventhough pratice is so important for us, maybe some people say Practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
But most important thing is we should take a motive attitude to read plenty of books can we take part more practice.
Mr. Darcy, a nobleman from the upper class in England, he looks down every person from the lower-classes.
By the way, there are lots of conflicts between them, but at last, Darcy and Elizabeth, the two different person they are fall love.
if we can face ourselves and go through to get what we want like Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy.
First, someone thinks the reason is Civil have stable work and well treated, and they are attracted.
The second, someone thinks the reason is policy drive this phenomenon.
As far as I'm concerned , as students , provided that we don't study hard , we won't to become students who are useful to government at least .
As the saying goes where there is a will, where is a way.
In order to in crease student's knowledge about the traditional culture of Guangzhou, our schooi helda  Guangzhou Culture Festval  last satarday.
The Cantonese Opera Competition, people felt is important.
And something student join in the Cantonese.
The Picture Show.
They can show the Guangzhou change.
The Food Show, the food is every dristrsy.
I am an ordinary man, who is 1.80meters tall.
With kind appearance and good manners, you will feel that I am very amiable and noble if you meet me.
I am helpful.
I am always helping strangers, which makes me gain good honors in our school.
Whenever somebody needs aids, I will give her hands as much as I can.
One day I went back home to see my mother form my school.
In the way , I found a boy lost.
I am also stubborn and like to get into a blind alley.
There is a simple subject, I cannot understand, I cannot let their.
So I sleep late.
If reading is a good way to enrich our knowledge and broaden our horizens, practice weighs more than it.
thus I hold an active attitude on practising.
Only by practise, can we find how beautiful the world is.
When it comes to the advantages that practice can bring , above all, it's the bridge which can strike a balance between entertainment and study.
What 's more , there's no doubt that practice can improve our sense of social responsibility.
In addition, it's apparent that students can learn more meaningful knowledge that books can't cover .
In my opinion, the more practice you do , the more progress you will make.
In all , I'm firmly believe that practice is the empress of science.
With the improvement of society , the technology advanced faster and faster .
The number of population is larger , children are the future flowers of the nation.
The parents require to children more and more, so parents send their kids to various art classes , let them learn some private strong suit .
Some people think the phenomenon is benefical to children .
First , with the improvement of the standers of living , people's quality also need improve , learning knowledge included arts is for good to improving our quality.
S econd, they can learn some art skills that enchance more chance for their life .
For one thing , the fast pace modern life do bring us great pressure , sending kids to art classes build up of pressure not only parents but also children .
Every corn has two sides.
As far as I am concerned, parents should ask for children's idea .
The drill is aimed at helping us learn how to handling emergency situation amd it also helps us practice the skill we have learned.
But there still exist problems in the evacuation drill.
We don't take it seriously enough.
In order to avoid those happening again, please take in the suggestion.
First, we should keep clam and quiet during the drill and always obey teachers' orders.
Riding a bike to school is better than driving to school.
This is because traffic is so heavy, and it's slower when there is traffic.
Another reason is that riding a bicycle do not have to park the car .
Car is bigger than a bicycle .
A third reason is that riding a bicycle can reduce pollution than diving .
As a resident in the world , we have a duty to protect our environment for our later generations .
A final reason is that riding a bike is healthier .
I feel delighted to get your email, knowing you are so interested in my travel .
There are a various of activities , including swimming , tasting the delicious seafood on the beach in the morning, looking at the attractive scenery of sea, taking the photos and so on in the afternoon.
This festival become in China.
Befor, people took the old man to go to mountain.
then a doubie-ninth cakes for old man.
All pick it up to eat.
Now, we change some new way on The Double Ninth Festival.
We often go to the zoo with the pld man.
And we can go to nursing home.
The Double Ninth Festival is a important Day.
It means our chinese culture.
We learned english many years, our ways are different.
My favorite way of learning is interesting, in the school play, playing in the middle.
To prepare lessons before class, listen carefully in class, a good habit of review after class.
The girl has slim figure and medium height.
That shows her good shapes.
The curved eyebrows and the big eyes which on her round face , and the ponytail that flying in back of her head , just express her happiness and relaxation.
The fashionable bag is created for female .
It is mainly red and black, which makes it more gorgeous.
The bag that is made of leather , has a red handle and a black background with deep red dot.
The white stripe help to avoid being humdrum.
style.
As we know, nowadays, more and more people rely on passing examination to get a job in The government.
We both know that work in a government department could be more comfortable than the other jobs, and be as a civil service can enjoy a good salary and perfect social security.
So that although the civil service exam is difficult and competitive, there are Tens of thousands of people Sign up for the exam every year.
But the disadvantages of the exam also important to us.
For example, the civil service exam could be divided into two parts: the talked test and the written test .
In addition, the examinee in the examination process tend to produce bigger psychological pressure, which makes the influenced their normal levels.
The written test's propositional content Aspects that involved are narrower, the lower level of choice and the scoring criteria is not uniform, the initiative is larger, susceptible to interference and influence of various kinds of external factors.
We should concentrate more on our major studying rather than spending too much time on the exam.
Nowadays, almost all the schools in China only pay attention to how to make students study better and get higher grades instead of to make them behave better in every aspect.
As far as I am concerned, Chinese education which is called exam-oriented education is awful.
The schools in China should teach students to develope thier characters and abilities in every aspect but not only in studying.
China is called the State of Ceremonies in every age.
It means Chinese attach importance to behave politely.
So, character education is also important.
The schools in China are supposed to teach students how to behave politely.
For example, to respect and obey their parents is important.
That is why China is called the State of Ceremonies.
And then, to be an honest man is also necessary.
Both are good characters.
If so, the students must have both good grades and good quality.
  the problem was confused by many citizens.
So, we should help the strangers if we saw it.
Because everyone is not independent in the world.
We should need a warm heart to help everyone .
Especially, If you want someone to help you, you must help others first .
However, some others stand on a different ground.
They consider that helping others can sometimes put us to trouble.
Even if the human eye has 576000000 pixels, but cannot read the heart.
In order to avoid involving in unnecessary trouble when helping others, it would be better for us to choose a reasonable way.
In short, In my opinion, helping others is our traditional virtue.
With the development of the intent.more and more problems are brought to our attention .one of them is online rumors.
From the picture above, we can find that using the internet irrelevant caused online rumors.
There are some reasons for online rumors harmful.
First , afalse report, once released, will remain so in its circulation.
Second, many people care about Social public opinion, but few of the have the ability which tell the facts and false apart.
Pepole always Ignore the obverse side of things and Enlarge the opposite of things.
Measures must be taken.
As far as I'm concerned, the government should make a law to reduce the source of online rumors.
Hello, Mike.
My name is L.
China have lose of festival sach as Spring Festival, May Day, Childrens'Day.
many many festival.
In Spring Fastival we can have a big dinner , speak happy Spring Festival  , my family give me lose of money and we are very very happy.
I don't know American fastival.
When we go out , we would see many people playing with pets.
Releasing stresses in life and work is the second reason.
Raising pets can make people feel relaxed.
The third reason is to pass the time.
Olds.
In my opinion, pets raising is good.
It is good for people's life.
During the holiday, I always walk the dog.
The work is very hard, because the dog is very big ang it also run very fast.
At first, I run with it.
But later, I found it very foolish.
Then I try to let it stop, but it did not obey.
It wanted me to make it free, but we are in the street now , so I can not give it the freedom.
Later we arrived at a park.
I found a piece of the lawn, then I loosen the rope, it ran very very happily and excited.
I played with it and finaly, we both felt very tired.
It is very unforgettable.
With the improvement on our living standards, As a consequence, we become lazier.
Outlaws of the Marsh are the name of the four classical literature, one of the author is Ming Shi Naian novelist.
Flesh and blood, such as the Song Jiang, Lin, Li Kui and so on.
Until now, I am still their outcome sigh.
However, a good job is based on a comprehensive experience, need to training for us constantly.
What also counts much to this matter is having more and more teens to working up to now, and the most important for one is the finance crisis has not recoveried since 2008, it effects to the development of economy and society.
Education pays are detailed evidence of private and public benefits of higher education .
Do you know how many sorts of the death penalty.
Do you really know understand meaning of it and its role has played in our modern society.
The death penalty is just a step back.
Nowadays, people in mounting numbers are concerned about the issue of create a conservation-oriented campus .
It is no difficult job for us to come up with some possible factors that underlie the above complicated phenomenon .
for one thing, It is benefit that for our life and aspect .
It can help we develop a good habit .
For another , It is important that to our campus , compus enviorments is related to us .
considering the current issue , we should call for some immediate actions imposed by the universities.
In other words , As a college student, we should also be aware that any prompt solution is of benefit to all .
Zhejiang Sunshine Cashmere Co.
E-Mail: hr@Sunshine.
Hi, LiHua.
The first day is theory, in Beijing Saturday morning, mainly to learn the principles of knowledge about dragon boat, Attended by 10 people.
The next day is the sixth day practical lesson, the teacher will lead you to dragon boat racing, exercise your willpower and stamina.
I attended training camp is designed to exercise my strength and willpower, there is growth in my experience.
They don't consider discussion a way to waste time.
An English speech will be held in our college.
The contest contains the speech of fee style and proposition speech.
It is mainly to judge player's speaking.
So you are one of the best choices to be a judge.
Our college is willing to invite you to be a judge for this contest.
It is time for March 28th at three o'clock.
She takes care of me everyday.
While I am 8 years old, she brings me to school and takes care of me while I graduate from senior.
I've been with my mother to stay together .
I Love my mom.
I think my mother is a kind and gentle woman.
She is very easy to get along with.
She is not only good to me, also good to others.
When my classmates come to my house, she is very enthusiastic .
She entertains them with fruit and drinks.
My classmates said your mom is kind.
What is more, she is also a teacher for me.
When I am in a bad mood, she will chat with me for makeing me forget my trouble.
Also she brings me go shoping .
She is really a good mom for me, also a goodfriend.
She always dose her best to meet my needs.
With the development of tourism, more and more questions appeared among people.
On the one hand.
The development of tourism can promote the development of their local economy, the local people can earn money from visitors.
Therefore, they have enough money to develop the economy.
But on the other hand.
The cultural relics were destroyed by the huge number of visitors.
While we are traveling around that places, we can find that the rubbish is thrown everywhere and many names are painted on the wall.
Now, we are facing the difficulty of both developing tourism and protecting these cultural relics.
Therefore, some policies were made by our government to punish these people who destroy the cultural relics.
Although 3D printing is an innovative invention for human, it is too dangerous to use.
  I can't stand the pressure and competition.
Nowadays, the training classes have grown everywhere around us.
The training centers make every effort to attract students' attention, as well as parents'.
Some of people think it unnecessary to have school lessons trained out of the class, but others don't think so.
In fact, more than eighty percent of parents agree with the whole thing.
On the one hand, a training center which is really helpful can provide us with more chances for practicing.
The teachers there can give us something useful which is not mentioned on the text book.
On the other hand, if the training center only aims at making money and make too many people in one class, then, there is no need for you to attend it.
It's just a waste of time.
In a word, the training classes are only necessary when they really offer help.
Most people have sisters, however, not all people can get along well with their sisters.
I always dream to have a perfect sister.
She needn't be very tall, slim or beautiful.
I want to control my emotion when I'm angry, but in most times, I failed.
So I want my sister can understand me, and share happiness and sadness with me.
When I'm in difficulty, she'd better give me a lot of support.
If we live together, we should take care of each other.
In addition, we'll have pretty interesting things to do.
We can make many delicious food in our kitchen.
After supper, we wash dished together.
What's more, we should have common hobbies, like watching TV, listening to music, going shopping, travelling, reading.
She'd better be well-educated, because I'd like to talk what I have been learning in school with her.
There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
Some students like lectures teaching because they can study in calm.
But others don't think so.
There are some ideas for it.
Firstly, different students are different interested in teaching.
Secondly, some students want to study quietly.
But in my opinion, different teaching fit different students.
Let's students choose what they want to class is right and freedom.
College school should give students this chance to choose their class what they want.
I am the school newspapers agent for English.
One of the part of your works are you must find the article that fit students from the newspapers and internet.
If you want to join ours, you must meet our demand.
First of all, you must offer to service students likely and happily if you have enough times.
I'm reading an English novel recently.
But I find it's difficult to continue after I've read severe pages because there're too many new words I can't understand.
At morden days, with the progress of the economy and the prosperity of the society, more and more people pay more attention to quanlity of their lives.
For the phenomenon, different people have different opinions, the people who insist that the golden week vacation should not be terminated, the reason why they think it is that the golden week vacation can make people relax and have more time to do things which they want to do.
In the opinion of mine, every coin has two sides.
To start with, the vacatiion are used to remerbering some special festival.
Besides, when the golden week vacation coming we can have sufficient time to do meaningful things and go wherever we want.
Chinese Spring Festival celebrating the end of winter and the warmth of spring.
In recent years, it has become a trendency that tourists visit famous campus, making university campus a new popular choice for travelling.
Some vote for it for the fact that university campus always can come with breathtaking scenery or some buildings that contain special meanings, leading to the fact that you'll lose yourselves and enjoy academic atmosphere.
In my point of view, university campus can be open to tourists with a limitation.
Visiting famous campus provide people with a completely different feeling from others.
In addition, children can be encouraged by the inspiring atmosphere.
The students of our school had a discussion about if the listening test in the National Matriculation English Test should be abandoned.
The students who hold an idea of keeping the listening test think that listening is important.
Listening is one of the four skills of language, so it cannot be ignored.
However, other students are in favour of canceling the listening test.
They find it unfair to have different quality of listening indifferent places.
It's obivious that English teachers and language equipments are different between cities and countries.
With the development of our society economy, our environment is becoming more and more terrible.
I think that if we intend to solve it we must find the causes.
The co2 soar is always considered the main reason.
Many industrial factories use fossil fuelto product.
As a result, co2 becomes more and more in the air and even makes up about 70% of the greenhouse gases.
Global warming will cause the sea level to rise and it will bring many natural disasters as well, such as flood, droughts and hurricane.
You can just imagine that terrifying scene.
First, I think reducing the use of fossil fuel is the most effective way.
Second, we should better create clean energy so that we can use clean energy instead of fossil fuel.
In this way, I think co2 can reduce rapidly.
Third, we should planted more trees to keep the air clean ang lan-scape design for enviroment mental purpose as well.
What is more, I think there is still a long way to go before we can see a beautiful environment again.
So we all should do it from our own and stick out.
Let us work together to protect our environment.
The problem with chinese food safety is worrying in recent years.
And some peoples because not clean food lost life.
Look back before the case, some of dense local food safety problems more harmful.
For example schools.
so, Food safety to the society and people life can bring bad effects.
To the food safety problem, we must more alert.
Don't eat not to clean food, Not covet petty gain.
If have a problem of food to the relevant departments to immediately reaction.
Museums are an indispensable part of a city.
Actually, they work as an album rather than just a storeroom for old stories because they facilitate people in remembering the past .
Currently, there is a growing tendency for many museums to open to the public for free .
However, free admission to museums inevitably brings about a set of problems at the same time .
On one hand, the safety of the historical relics will be in danger for everyone including the bad people who have an ulterior motive can come and be close to them .
choice different electives for themselves.
Because a lot of students are not in the same major.
In my case, I choiced the electives which I am interested.
In my opinion, Many electives can increase my knowledge, let us learn more.
Beside I can learn many different things.
With the development of the Internet, online shopping is become more popular in our daily life.
More and more people are becoming fond of this approachs because it is very convenient for us.
For instance, they needn't to go shopping in shops which are far from their home.
On the contrary, they can finish all the things only use their fingers, which can also avoid the sun and rain at the same time.
But as every coin has two sides, nobody can say that online shopping is more perfect.
So does Online shopping.
On one hand, it approves us cheap things, on the other hand, most of the cheap things have a poor quality.
What's worse, same of the pictures and descriptions which provided by the online shops are not credible.
In one word, consumers should pay more attention whether the online shop is reliable.
We must make sure every trade we made is safe and useful, and avoid the possible troubles.
CCIT full name is Changchun Institure of Technology .
In present , the, school has loch east campus and Huxi campus two campus.
The school establish in the 1953s.
The school is attached to the people of Jilin province goverment.
the school is powerful teachers strength and good teaching environment.
The school consists of three schools merged.
The school motto  understand quality to far away, just do it  The college has a very library .
From my perspective, If you do above, you will own your accounts privately.
Hello, my name is L. The students born in the 90s have different tink , different behaver , and different value.
although , 90s have to face more question about school test and work .
although people think we are pay attention to self , contempt cooperation the lack of persecerance , easy to get discouraged, bilnd pursuit of fame.
but we strengths dare to challenge.
In the book, Helen Keller according to her Unusual life, expressed her hope get a bright world.
At the same time, Helen Keller described her was how to overcome the sick, how to through the dark times and how to made progress in the end.
although she as a disable, she lost the light and sounds, the dark occupied her whole life, but she always with the enthusiasm to face the social, she use of her faculties and sense let me learned that how important the correct attitude .
After reading this book I know , as a normal person, Cherishing the time and pay attention to our family , friend and sounding thing , rather than not being grateful for what we have until we lost it, of not being conscious of health until we are ill.
in our life , we should be full of appreciate every day.
we should try our best to make the fullest use our blessed faculties, we must know that not only the deaf appreciate the hearing , not only the blind realize the manifold blessings the lie in sight, we also care the social.
Nowadays the cellphone has deeply rooted in person's daily life, but the question is whether they are all good for you.
It may have bad influence on us.
For one thing, not only can they harm your eyes, making you be short in sight, but also scientists have proved that they can also affect your brain as well.
It takes up most of our effective working times, attention and mind to fix on such a small screen.
As there is too much information which can be easily reached through the cellphone, our attention and curiosity are inextricably drawn to it.
People's burden in his heart, in order to live and bear the heavy pressure .
Out of work cause unhealthy effects on the mentality.
in this way can we keep the psychological health and balance .
Thank you very much for your letter and the in-closed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
In recently years, internet play an importent roal in our daily life.
We use internet everyday.
Internet is a good tool for us to learn more about the wourld.
We can read books, listen to music, see movies chat with friends and so on.
Today, we all says that one wourld, one dream.
It's Internet that make the wourld become a big home.
Besides, internet also help us save a lot of time.
Internet also bring us so many problem.
We spend a lot of time on the computers, it's bad for our eyes.
Nearsightedness has become a mark for morden.
Internet is a tool for people.
We can't become the slaves for it .
We must make full of use the two- edged sword of the internet.
The story tell about the soldier Louis Silvie Zamperini.
The first descendent of Italy, Califonia.
He was verdure when he was little.
Then he take part in school sport team.
Then The Wlard War second began, Louis Silvie did the bomb thrower and in once rescue mission.
Him and his partner float in the sea, 47days.
How strong he is!
Louis Silvle's brove and strong moved me.47 days, what an amazing number, but they defeat.
The part I most interesting and like is he catch a bird and eat it.
No longer they spit it out because it's too evil.
I was laught when i see this.
If you can take it, you can make it.
I always remember this.
Reading is one of the most ordinary things in our life.
As far as some people are concerned that it is extremely essential to read selectively.
As far as they see, there are so many books and it is difficult and impossible for us to read all books in that we have no much time in this busy world.
In addition, there are lots of bad books which have bad effects on our mind and heart.
However, every thing has two sides.
There are plenty of people who are for reading extensively.
In their eyes, although there are lots of bad books , if we insist reading more books which are good for the development of us, we can get so much knowledge to let us be more knowledgeable.
Nevertheless reading extensively means making full use of limited time to read more good books rather than reading all books .
In my opinion, we should read extensively.
In Franklin's essay The Handsome and Deformed Leg, there is one sentence---  There are two sorts of people in the world, who with equal degrees of health and wealth, and the other comforts of life, become, the one happy, and the other miserable.
The development of tourism can promote local economic growth.
The majority of Chinese tourist city is located in the economic developed area.
The arrival of the tourists could strengthen communication.
But with the increase of the tourists, the cultural relics gets more and more serious damage.
And some people's uncivilized behavior brings bad influence to the tourist areas.
As we all know China has a very rich tourism resource.
We can limit the number of visitors.
Furthermore, we can publicize the protection of cultural relics.
In fact, cultural relics resources is the tourism resource.
We should not damage the cultural relics to develop tourismge.
I am L, monitor of Class One Grade Eleven.
As for you are arriving in China, I have something to tell you which may help you having a good time.
To fight against Tianjin's cold weather, you should prepare some thick trousers.
In Tianjin, you can enjoy all kinds of delicious food, so you wouldn't worry about what to eat.
As an exchange student, you will have class with all students in our class.
As far as we are a friendly family, I think you can fit in us in no time.
We sincerely expect we can play basketball although so that we can become good friends and have fun.
What's more, we look forward to listen to you making a lecture about America.
The growing trade deficits and job losses, the job losses across the U.
Above in all, the author considered the NAFTA and the WTO had hurt U.
Parrots can live for up to 50 years.
It's easy for us to keep a parrot.
Besides, parrots are really clever that they can speak as well as child.
Parrots can sing well.
As the development of the times, it is no strangers to play games through the Internet.
Particularly, the university students are addicted to it.
Some people consider that the students won't study carefully when they play games.
Playing games only can delay their learning.
The parents and schools are really worried about it.
They may think that learning specialized knowledge is the most important than anything.
Morever, the computer games is a virtual world which seem of no avail.
But others think that playing games can make lots of friends who have no secrets.
The student perhaps have some pressures but have no one to talk to.
What's more, it is also a mean to save money.
If we are free, we may go shopping.
As far as I'm concerned, a way of entertainment as computer games are, we still need control the time of playing reasonable.
what we know is almost senen_twe percent of the people through the TV access to information , only twelve percent of people through the newspaper understand world affairs.
In my opinion , the newspaper is a more desirable some of inpormation.
Firstly.news reports more depth than TV news.
Making people more than understand the surface of the event.
Secendly.
Reading the newspaper is not limited by time .making people there is a deeper understanding .
, Third.
That means lovers vow to stick together in live and death.
In some students'views, we should get online frequently.
In their opinion, the Internet makes it possible for us to access new knowledge.
Via the Internet, we can not only make progress in study but also broden our minds.
Nowadays, it is important to keep in touch with the changeable world.
And the Internet offers us a perfect chance.
But some students disagree.
They think that we are not supposed to surf the Internet.
It is well-known that with the technology developing, it does harm to us.
The Internet is just a simple example.
It is the reason to why more and more people wear glasses.
What's more, getting crazy about chatting online and playing also gets in the way of studying.
In my point of view, it is good to surf the Internet frequently.
But we should make sure that we are under-control.
The team spirit is the embodiment of individuals in team.
The core of team spirit is the unity.
Everyone's life is not independent.
Only in this way can we make the progress every day.
In our class I join a group of my classmates to study English.
At first, I'm not confident.
Later on, at the encouragement of my classmates, I try to make myself understand.
So I increase my English oral communicative ability.
We should learn to cooperate with each other on the team.
So first you should have an aim.
In order to come true it, you should do the best you can.
Second, you never give up whatever has happened.
You should believe you and your team.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
Nowadays, many school requires students to evaluate their teachers.
Maybe, they want to give some advice to teachers by this way , and improve teachers' ability in their job.
In some people's eyes, this is a good method to encourage teachers, but there are still many people thinks encourage teachers in this way is not so good.
Every teacher have their own ways to educate their students, they have a system, and this system is faced with the most students of one class.
In anther word, most students can adjust this way.
But every class have one kind of students who can not accept the way their teacher treat them to.
In my view, students evaluate teachers is meaningful and necessary.
It is democratic.
The last but not the least , I will also have a detail descriping of the great wall and let him konw more about the county that has a fifty handred years history.
Those days, the weather becomes more and more cold.
The air is gray and some times it is rains.
So, people have to wear heavy coats and many people don't want to go outside.
They can't stand of the cold weather.
But, in my opinion, winter is a beautiful season.
In winder, we can see snow falling in the air, and it looks very beautiful.
When winter coming, we also can make many games.
All in all, I love winter.
Nowadays, with the quality of life becoming better and better, computer are almost equiped by every college students.
Every university provide network for students, they hope that it can help students learn well.
However, many students just play computer games.
They usually stay up in night to play games, which make them in low spirit on next day class.
So, the school should control and limit the time of network.
The teachers can strengthen the control and manage.
Everyone have dream, but not everyone can come true it.
My name is X.
I come from Y.
In my spare time, I like reading books, listening to music and running.
Of course, I love riding my bike on the weekend.
I hope that I can improve my spoken English through the college study, which I can communicate with foreign people easily.
Besides, I hope I can improve my hearing, reading and writing skills.
My dream is that I can travel all over the place of China one day.
Recently, blog becomes more and more popular.
Firstly, it can apply to anyone.
People can establish their own style of blogs to show themselves freely.
And many people can watch others' work in which they are interested.
Secondly, they can meet with varieties of people through blog.
And they can contact through it, even become good friends.
In addition, it is openly to people anywhere and about any topics.
However, coins always have two aspects.
Although it offers many convenience in many ways, it arises some problems.
That is, its excessive freedom causes many spread vulgar contents and leads to business problems.
I'm Zhang peng.
Spring Festival do means a lot in Chinese people's heart.
It is the most important time of the year.
People buy couplet and firecracker before Spring Festival comes.
We decorate our home with couplet and paper-cut.
During Spring Festival's eve, adults make lots of delicious food that regularly we don't eat.
Kids play firecracker outside, firework is so beautiful.
At midnight, the whole family stay together eating the rich meal and welcome the New Year's coming.
Changsha Topglory Chemical CO, .
So let's analyse the benefit and the shortcoming of attending a college in a foreign country .
Second living outside can enhance our eyesight , let us know more people and make friend with then.
I found a phenomenon that if there is a new and very expensive product turn up, like iPhone6, many students will follow the trend of buying.
And even the family environment of students in general.
It's so lrrational.
I am also completely disgusted with this phenomenon.
We should know it's hard to make money for parents.
As a son or daughter, we should share the pressure with them.
As a student, we should be thrift, we should carry forward the traditional virtues of the Chinese nation.
Maybe the product of famous brands are in a good quality, But do not represent the general brand products of poor quality.
We often fall into the comparisons of the bad habits.
Thinking of your parents, thinking of their hard.
Nowadays it is necessary for us to take in knowledge well.
However, it is also essential for us to have good quality.
So not only should we improve our learning ability, but also we are able to attach important to our quality.
In this way, we can treat ourselves in a right way.
If we find our own shortcomings, we should correct them in time.
On the contrary, we should also give full play to our own advantages.
Besides, we can have a sense of loving our country and make contributions to society.
What's more, if we have good quality, we will have strong minds and make our dream come true.
There are so many significant influence for us to have good virtue.
So everyone has something you need.
We should learn from each other and develop our quality.
If there is a possibility that I can visit a European country, I will choose Switzerland.
It has a population of about 7.5 million, covering an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.
It has a capital city called Berne.
The country which are next to the Switzerland are Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
The views of Switzerland are beautiful and amazing.
The country is also famous for its local business.
