This is very important.
The advantage of living in the suburban is obvious: living in the suburban is suitable for fear of noisy people.
Now, I at 6:30 every morning will get up to read English and every day to do a reading comprehension.
Then we go to school, we study many more difficult language.
In a word, Failure is the mother of success.
Some times she talks with me.
Our life also requires us to be wise, lasting study makes our life wonderful and our mind improved, everyone admires wisdom, but not everyone can achieve that level, because learning always be a tough things, it requires people to hold on.
Then I face that question again.
Thirdly, we can take part in some clubs, which you are interested.
Furthermore, If people work at home, employees need not hire an office where they work together with others.
Next, We will feel boring and hate.
Thirdly, they don't know what to do when they out.
I was impressed with my English teacher among all of my teachers.
I think marriage is the important to all people's life, people need to make a full psychological and material preparations.
At last, they should kind and patient.
Exaggerated as the picture is, the phenomenon behind it is rather thought-procking .
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large export order.
If physical exercise became part of every school day, students would be used to taking exercise.
besides, she not only remembering the details of happy old days but also understanding better the strongly feelings of pains and joys.
Maintaining the interest among the students regarding the subject being taught is really important.
Along with the rapid growth of living standards, money has become increasingly essential.
As an English major, it was reasonable for me to teach English.
Before the winter is autumn, the fall is a cool season.
As me, I'm an outgoing, sun, positive, serious and responsible work, bear hardships and stand hard work, and have a sympathy.
Though it's hard and tired, We need to get up early in the morning and go back to the bed late in the night, our parents keep nagging us and we are always worried about our grade, but everyday is full and meaningful.
Then, they sent us to the public bus.
The houses problem is also secious.
Recognize the disadvantages, improve it and seize the opportunity to show our advantages.
If you need to go there by train or plane, you should go to ticket office to by the ticket or pay for it on the internet.
I be good at work and get along with my workmates , we having fun every day.
But we should keep balance the time between activities and study.
Although sometimes he's naughty, he's warm-hearted.
Secondly, I think government should take some measures to advocate fewer car uses.
We can use mobile phone to do a lot of things online.
I will also pay more attention to the breaking information at home and abroad.
Thereby, some people insist that good appearance is more important than capability.
In my opinion .
The bear also has feelings.
With the development of information technology.
Second, all of us like independent, although I am very introvert, but we can get along with each other.
Nowadays, more and more old become lonely.
In the evening, we had dinner in a traditional American restaurant.
My name is L and I am a student who was born in 90s.
In a word, Rome is not built in a day.
They are surrounding us wherever we are.
The lesson was all a film, a story about love, about miracle: August Rush.
the lakes are colerful and the sky is never bule.
All in all, success only belongs to those who can suffer years of toil and make constant effort, just as the old popular saying goes:  where there is a will, there is a way.
when looking back into the Japanese economic history, there are some common features similiar with the present condition.
The result is that you can save a ton of time do anything you want to.
So much homework often affects my emotion, but I never give up studying because of love around me.
Secondly, it is believed that supervisor has good job condition and fascinating salaries.
Hello, my name is X.
As long as we do , we can deal with it .
But now, standing here, my dream have already change a lot.
For another , reading newspaper is not limited by time .
There is no doubt that computers can assess students' ability to learn and formulate individual plan to every student, but they are unable to give consideration to students' emotion.
The swimming teacher taught us to swim.
is exceedingly difficult.
Nest, friends and family members don't feel lonely and homesick.
So they should do some other things except study .
It was terrible.
One can have a lot of dream.
He told me a story about a person who learnt to play chess.
With the development of our society.
I like vacation, I like travell and see the sights.
I have got two English classes in this school up to now.
the part of reasons, I think, which have two sides.
Even though my hometown is smal , it has a quantity of earth where grows all kinds of crops.
The TV Program become more and more colourful.
By the way, I think maths and physical are very difficult.
And for we love dogs so much that some taxis in Paries have special seat just for dogs .
I like playing basketball, reading books, watching TV and so on.
Every day, I get up very late.
But to some degree, there are big differences between them.
They can support me.
They think keeping pets will also bring us quite a lot trouble.
That is my dream job.
I take part in many activities.
I had not sold a thing all week.
It is extremely convenient for people to record their thoughts on the Internet anytime and anywhere.
wang teach me computer.
He is a man which one of the leads.
However, more than one person opposes this idea, For instance, Madame Curie is great grand and she made great achievements.
Although the girl is too young to understand the pressure, it shows a daughter's love and caring.
You know, the Double Ninth Festival is Chinese traditional festival.
It will be foggy in the morning.
I often read some English novel and see some English movie to learn English.
I did much work in the past days, such as, keeping clean of surrounding.
As students, we must have serious attitude on evening study sessions.
For esample, with the improvement of people's livng stangard, the pursuit of people to higher and higher, more and more people like pop music.
He puts away the things on half past eight in afternoon .
I had a special experience last year.
Second, in my opinion, working together as a class is useful.
More job opening is good for city too, which lead more person to city.
When we buy something, please read the instruction carefully.
The first all, there are no doubt that it will influence our academic record.
When we grow up in the future we will have no personality at all.
They usually hit me use their shoes.
Those people who think university merger is reasonable believe that it can expand the scale of a university, extend the University faculties.
Seeing that pathetic lady pretented to be fine with her heart-broken eyes, I was affected.
They are important person for me in my life.
I love them, because they are mysterious, violent and fierce.
Manypeople who like reading books use e-book.
It means Chinese attach importance to behave politely.
You can join in all kinds of apartments, and then you can take advantage of this change to exercise yourself, to improve your ability and develop yourself.
Social practice is more good for us than reading.
His body has a very strong force, and every time regardless of the upstairs or downstairs and he will not let me holding him, he would prefer railing their own walk slowly.
I'm more easily understand the teacher's meaning and Mmake me in class has a high efficiency filter so as to achieve better results.
Three years ago, I went to Tibet in summer with my parents and my younger sister.
Once you decide what your ambition is, you know where to go, and which way to take.
Secondly, In computers can chat with the friends, increase feelings.
Nowadays, more and more person like shopping on the Internet.
But when I am wery quick and easy to buy something cheap, somrtimes it will be disappointed.
The country which are next to the Switzerland are Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
At that time, the atmosphere between Linton and them was awkward.
Regards men as superior to women the idea in the older a generation is specially serious , The idea continued for a long time.
Apart from this, the blind corners and the narrow streets also account for this.
As long as the speech is about improving writing level, whatever you say on the lecture.
Finally, logic, a thing which is stange but familiar to us.
Nowadays, we can see, in university, skipping classes is normal.
No smoking will be allowed within a future city's limits.
sometimes, although one has to leave, love doesn't.
She devotes all her time to making us achieve better grades.
From the foregoing, a good film which attracts people depends on the plot and the performance of actors mainly, not the special effects.
The Beijing opera is very famous.
There are several of the harmfulness of fake products as follows.
But each coin has two sides.
During the period of preparing for the exam, one must make great efforts due to the fierce competition in China.
The place we live is the south-westChina with forests.
I am moved by her love.
so, can you tell me some experience about study.
There are some ways in the following , we should learn to differ the bad from the good , and we should do it by ourselves.
First, it is easily to buy and easily to get.
We will face many problems like enter a higher school or get a good job.
when I had to come home, she send me a dictionary to encourage me to work hard.
Because it can help us learn more information and broaden our minds.
I am very glad to hear that you want to learn English .
Somepeople think reading books need selectively.
At that time, all the people were talking about him .
What's more, learn your HDL number and do what you can to raise it to 50.
I'm sure you unforgettable these foods.
But it is generally believed that the above mentioned reasons are commonly convincing.
Mr Gorky said: books are the ladder of human progress.
The concepts of low carbon are low energy and no waste.
Besides, when we listen to strange words, seeking them and keep in your mind.
For example, you will travel to America after a week.
Once, I was determined to go to study so hard that I tested to the first class during an exam.
The problem with chinese food safety is worrying in recent years.
As far as we are a friendly family, I think you can fit in us in no time.
And we also sing songs when we are happy and sad.
They like enjoying .
I commented, There's a proverb which says that a person who has been bitten by a snake is afraid of a rope.
in my opinion, that just a social phenomenon.
  Ah oh.
We need to know that cars are just a kind of trsnsport.
In the second place, it is essential that regulation should be worked out and enfored to guarantee the right of consumers.
If you want to buy books and somthing unimportant, you can buy it on the net.
I'm LiHua who is your penfriend.
Now, people have to face many problems in cities having so much more violence and people don't know how to the much better deal with the situation.
Then , I will give some suggestions about evacuation drill.
One day, my parents were listening to classical music when I went home back.
It is adjacent to Bohai sea.
The second strategy is following other people's advice.
People should live independently and can't just rely on the government's welfare.
Those who are interested this activity's information you can go to our Student Union.
Last September, we came to our university with passion.
so each other deeply, you will find society each piece of people things are so beautiful, light, further inspired deep inside you touched, exerting their own expertise to go and work for the society, the country and the world service; after all, I door of all long, if people no longer foreigners.
As known to us all, Spring Festival plays the most important part in Chinese festival culture.
On the other hand, there are some people tihnk the romance can inspire two students to work hard, and two people can talk with each other mind to mind, they will have a good time on Campus.
He also said, Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
Besause of haven't money .
But we are dare to challenge, rich creative idea and full of youthful spirit.
He said, Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathenatics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
They are kind for people.
Also let me appreciate the lack of love, life can not.
Second, making more friends who you think is worth.
The students who hold an idea of keeping the listening test think that listening is important.
Learn that life abound in bumps down the road.
The lecture will be hold at 9:00 next Wednesday , the place is lecture hall, the substance is about problems in writing.
They think there are more job opportunities in the city, life there is more colorful and meaningful than that in the country.
From my point of view, in order to prevent this phenomenon, relevant laws should be made to tackle the college students who copy others' academic achievements.
In the world, animals are the most essential friend to us.
We will prepare for the art exam in this year's December.
In a group, people can help each other and solve problems more easily, but every coin has two sides, the others think that learning in a group is wrong.
But in this social, it is too easy to cheat.
Secondlu, it helps us deepen our impression in our minds and make us remember something easily.
To begin with, I used to live at home after school.
Rather than, almost students choice to stay in home in summer and winter holiday and do nothing.
The day before the Civi War can be a torture for the black in America.
We should help they, because all of us are the member of earth.
Secondly, it's one of the basic skills for an internationalized talent.
To have an unforgettable life in college, I insist I must play properly.
From then on I wasn't afraid of difficult courage and stick to it.
  You see, though you suffered so much, our master still cares so much about you.
In order to come true it, you should do the best you can.
Not only they will lead to destructing of the filed and polluting water, but also they are harmful to our health.
Nowadays environmental pollution is one of the most serious problem.
But there has been much disagreement over using E-Book at the same time.