They reluctantly see their masters off to work and warmly welcome them home.
When taken to parks, they go all out to accomplish every task their masters assign to them, fetching a flying saucer or an empty bottle.
In fables, dogs are characterized as the masters' steadfast guards, the loyalty of which is renowned in various cultures.
I heard a true story about a dog saving his master's life at the expense of his own.
When parted with their masters, dogs often seek them instead of quickly find new one.
In conclusion, dogs are better for they are more pleasant and loyal than cats.
In today's society,a large number of schools pay more attention to students learning skills.So they force students to do much practice and have many classes to get good grades.But in my opinion, character education is a super important part to students' development.
Only if a student know how to be a person,can he realize the importance of learning.If he realizes the importance of learning,he will make an effort to study.And he will get a better grade in the end.So character education plays an important role in the development of students' life.One who doesn't own filial piety can't make a great success.One who isn't honest can't make real friends and they can't be successful at all.Only if the person who owns filial piety and honesty,can he achieve his dreams and be successful.Character education can help students control their behaviors.Especially,in today's society,lots of companies pay more attention to people's character than the abilities to do the mechanics mattered little.
As far as I'm concerned, schools are supposed to strengthen the character education gradually to make students expand in every aspect.
I love my mum, when I am birth my mum is so paining.
I know she love me very much.
My mother takes good care of me, she cook meal for me everyday.
She is a housewife in my family, she cooking, washing, cleanling or do anther things.
She always patient, kind, friendly to people.
She is carefully in doing housework.
I love my mother also my father, my mother let me confindent, she always help me solve the problems in a word.
I love my mother.
Recently, in order to improve educational quality, many schools ask students to evaluate their teachers in line.
It's helpful to teachers and students.
Therefore, I agree that it's very necessary to encourage students to make comments or even criticism on teachers.
There are many advantages to us if we take this measure.
To begin with, teachers can know what students' really need.Then, teachers can change their teaching methods to meet students' requirements.
In addition, we students would feel the intentions of school and teachers.
And it can reduce the distance between teachers and students.
Evaluations will give students some control over and responsibility for their education.Last but not least, it's also beneficial to school.
It can improve educational quality and school can have more information about the performance of the teachers in class.
So I believe that evaluation of teachers should be encouraged.
Not only students' ability of independent thinking and learning can be greatly improved, but also teachers' ability of teaching can be improved.
There is much discussion about online shopping.And it is easy to be seen that online shopping is becoming more and more popular.Now online shopping has been fashionable.
Clearly,online shopping has many advantages.Such as speed,you can buy things online and then you will receive them in a few days.Not only is it fast,but also it is convenient.Compared with tradional shopping,you can look for what you want quickly and accurately.last but not the least,online shopping is cheeper than tradional shopping.
Just as a coin has two sides,everything has two sides.Online shopping also has some disadvantages.Quality is one of the most important things.Online shopping can't promiss the quality.And other things like size of which you can be sure,and your code might be stolen and so on.
As for me ,online shopping should establish a safeguard system.Like consumer protection agreement.And establishing a specialized logistics company.
In modern societies, more and more people are being anxious about the new generation who find much more difficult to seek for a suitable job.
As a result, some people suggest that companies should encourage high level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities to new generation.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, it wouldn't be a good idea for us all.
First of all, the high tech level employees are the core of the company.
They are precious fortune to every company because both skills and experiences can't be replaced in a short time, especially by those who are young without practice.
contribute their entire energy to the enterprise.
By the rapid rising of living condition and medical level, the average age of lifetime has been growing greatly, nearly 80 years old.
People of 55 years old are always healthier than before, they can undertake the task more efficiently.
And on the other side, despite of the difficulties in finding a new job ,the new generation can compete with high tech level employees by their personal ability, taking place of those who lack of proficient skills .Only by this way ,can the society be put forward from generations.
At last, in order to solve the serious employment problem, we should set up a bridge between the high tech level employees and the new generation.
The freshman can learn from the elder in working, establish friendship with them.
When the new workers are skillful, it is pleasant to be retired for high level employees in a regular age of 60.
Nowadays more and more students pay attention to their word-spelling.
Their writing abounds with lots of careless spelling mistakes.
In my opinion,the most common factors is that fewer and fewer students need to write English essays.
Therefore are they before the time of writing just easy to deal with, and no real attention to the importance of English writing.But they ignore spelling to a piece of writing is what appearance to a person.
Correct and neat spelling can not only present the writer's opinion in a more clear and valid way, but also reflect the writer's serious attitudes of writing.
So, it tells us, in our study and application of English spelling is how important it is, but we cannot neglect, is we should strengthen and improve focus.
we are pleased to inform you that we have shipped the goods under our Order No.
J-29 by S.S. "Pearl", and arranged transshipment via Hong Kong per S.S. "May Flower".
This transaction are made on the basis of CFR as we stated before.
We have faxed you the relative shipping documents on March 15,2013 so that you can arrange insurance promptly.
We hope the goods will reach you timely and in good condition and look forward to your further orders.
My school is very beautiful.
First floor ,have There is a working skill classroom,There are a pair of scissors, double-sided adhesive ...... very rich.
second floor and third floor, Huge crowds of people, there is a big sister, big brother, there is have a little sister, little brother.A class, ran out, and playing and noisy.
The fourth floor, is our floor, is a noisy.
In this way, the entire campus was opened the pot.Right, and computer classroom, there are dozens of computer.
What a beautiful school.
My favorite place at the school is physics room.
Because I think it is very interesting and useful for me,and I like doing physics experiment very much.
Physics room is in the science building and it is big and clean.
There are many things of physics and I often use them when I do experiments.
When I feel bored and have nothing to do,I usually go to physics room and do experiments.
I learn many things and I feel very happy.
All though I like doing physics experiments very much but I also have many questions of experiments and my teacher often answered my questions.
She is very kind for me.
I often can learn many things in physics experiments,that why I like it very much.
One day,an old lady stood in front of a car which violated the traffic rules,and gained a lot of thumps-up.It has raised a hot discussion online.
Nowadays,with the development of society,more and more problems are exposed.The traffic in the large city is chaotic in the rush hour,so that the violation of rules can't be improved in the fundamental.
Government plays an important role to keep the society in good order.It can make some strict laws to warn people not to break the traffic rules.
in addition,personal behavior regulations should be hightlighted in many places.we need to restrain us strictly,and try to supervise others.
Up till now,the number of private cars is increasing,so we will face more baptisms.As we all know,depend on our single handedly,we can't change the persent situation,but we can improve it gradually.I hope with our efferts,our lives can be better.
the Spring Festival is the most important festival for all of us.All family members get together to celebrate it,as well as me.we often do a lot of interesting things during the Spring Festival.Now let me talk about it.
It was ten o'clock in the morning on the day before the New Year.We were driving on the way to my grandparents'home.My grandparents'house is located in Wuqing,a small town which is a suburb of Tianjin.
The house is not big,but verywarm,My family member celebrate the Spring Festival in it every year.There are my uncle,my aunt,my brother,my sister,my second uncle,my grandparents,my second grandparents-in my family.I have so many relatives that I can't distinguish between them until now.All of us have a big meal on New Year's Eve,and watch the Spring Festival Gala together until very late.We are tired but enjoyable.
In addition,my grandparents'house also has a small yard.So it become my brother and me's playground.When the night falls,my brother and I go out off the house excitedly.It's our show time!We set off a lot of firecrackers and fireworks every year.The sound is always deafening,but we need it.The fireworks is great and colourful.When we play enough,or we set off all the firecrackers.We back to the room and watch TV with our family.
On the first day of new year,we go to visit other relatives which are not very familiar with.
We say "Happy New Year"to each other to share our blessings.We do this until the fourth day of the new year,then my presents and I go back to our house in Tianjin.
This is my Spring Festival,a warm enjoyable festival.
Education,on the one hand, is a kind of behavior,which can increase our knowledge,technique.On the other hand,education points to the education of school.In this kind of education,it has purpose,plan,organization to make us suit society.Education makes us more competitive.
Education plays an important role in our country.To begin with,our country,as a developing country,has a large gap compared with developed countries.If we want to catch up with them even surpass them,education should put the first places.Also,we have a large population.The education of workers is the most important.In developed countries,the prosperity mainly depends on the quality of its labor force,namely those who have been well educated.
Education also has an important role in our daily life.First,for individuals,education is the best way to improve ourselves.Second,it can improve competitive ability in searching jobs.For example,one person who is a liberal,and another one gets an undergraduate degree.When they are interviewed by the interviewer,I think the interviewer may take consideration into the latter one.At last,education can improve the quality of our training.We can be a polite and decent persons.
In a word,education can not only brings us knowledge, but also abilities.
The development if our society is very fast ,so we always have time to travel or on business trip.If I were given choice between transporting by sea,air or rail.Before making a good choice , we had better compare their .because we all know ,everything has two sides.Firstly,The most obvious important characteristic of air travel is the high speed.We can fly from northern to southern just in little time.
and another aspect is it is comfortable.We can command a good view of buildings mountains and even clouds.but as we all know, by plane is very expensive .It cost over two times than by sea or by rail.Secondly,let us talk something about transport by sea.
If you have a not too long trip, you had better take ship as your transportation ,as it is cheaper and you can enjoy natural beauties in the river .To it disadvantages,if someone is seasick,choose transport by sea is unreasonably.Thirdly, about transport by rail,it has the most important benefit,because it is very cheap,if you have enough time , you can choose to travel by rail rather than by air or by ship.Though by train is very low ,at least with rail,you get to see scenic things.Above all,every methods has its advantage and disadvantages.if you want too fast to get to your destination,you had better choose transport by air,if You have lots of time, toucanYou can by train and you can See the scenery and you even can by sea too Enjoy the scenery in the river.Use the right transport, you can enjoy your travel.
Holle, my name is Tim.
My school is X.
My school is very big.
There is a playground.
There're some classrooms on my school.
Our classroom is on the fifth floor.
There 're some offices in my school.
My teacher's office on the third floor.
There is a PE officeon the firest floor.
There is a Art room on the second floor.
There are a music room and a computer roomon the fifth floor.
In my classroom.
I have forty one students.
I have a good friend.
He is H. He like apples, but I like dananas.
I am in front of he.
This is my school and my friend.
Though this picture shows, we can see about "TV Talent Show" everyone has their own idea.
The results of the survey show that sixty percnet of people think, not do more harm than good.
they believe that the TV Talent Show can change one's life and offers the opportunity to show and develop one's talents.
and another forty percent of people think that do more than good.
they think it misleads the youth and makes them believe that they can become famous overnight.
As far as I'm concerned, I think it is important for us to face it properly.
For another I think TV Talent Show need to help us to create and ought to guide people to the right way.
Of all the festivals,the Spring Festival is the most,important in China.I had a good time in the Spring Fesvital this year.It always comes durning winter hoildays.
It is the time for families to get together.
Servel days before the Chinese New Year,people clean out their houses,take down the old pictures and put up new ones.
On New Year's Eve,we have a special family dinner.Everybody,even from far away,tries to come home for this celebration.During dinne we eat and chat,and then we watch the New Year TV programmes.We let off the fireworks at the midnight.The celebrations usually last 15 days.On the first day of the New Year,the Chinese get up early and say "Happy New Year" to each of the family.On the second and third days, we go to visit our friends and relatives.The 15th day of the first moon is the Lanten Festival.In the evening there are lantern shows or lion dances in parks and streets.People, both young and old,go out to enjoy themselves.Sometimes they sing and dance late into the night.
I'm very glad to receive your reply,you say you want know something about my favorite music and how to aiiocate time.So,now I will answer your questions.
Classical music,is one kinds of my favorite music,one reason is I enjoy that used to play a musical instruments,and the other reason is I like that performance style.But I don't like Rock very much because in my opinion music shouldn't be very noisy or very loudly , that make me fell very fidget.You know my study was very busy so that I just listening music before I will fall asleep.
About that New Year Park I think maybe I will playing the piano.I really hope you can come to cheer me.
It's important to create a conservation-oriented campus.
School is a place where we set up our mind and develop a habit, most things in campus will affect our rest life.
When our earth resources are becoming serious,our daily life will be influenced.
The earth rest resources of petroleum provided man only for 50 years which is a case in point.
For china, a country with limited natural resources but the biggest population.
So to create a conservation-oriented campus is necessary.
As far as I am concerned we can recycling of our textbooks to give them to freshman.
Solar energy should be more used in classroom or dormitories.
At the same time, do not waste food, save water and electricity is necessary for students.
We must protect our environment.
Otherwise, you should die in order to ensure you do not use more than your"fair share" of the planet.
I think that traditional reading and online reading are all important.They are different ways of reading.They both have advantages and disadvantages.
Online reading is more interesting than traditional reading.It have lots of the latest articles and reports.Everybody can read them at home.It's very easy.
Traditional reading is more real and safer.Because everyone can write their idea on the Internet,there are some wrong and false information.We must look at the computer for a long time.It will make our eyes bad.Traditional reading is not like this.The books that have come out are writing by well-known people or teams.We can read it more safely.We shouldn't only read on the Internet.Because traditional reading and online reading are all very useful to us.
In today's society, students jumping events occur frequently around us, more and more people are concerned, a healthy person, not only to be robust physique, but also to inner psychological health.
First, we must learn to accept it.
......
So you can not face these educational their true feelings, which leads you to these emotional experience anxiety and depression, is not conducive to the formation of self-confidence.
Therefore, no matter what kind of emotional experience, you have to accept it.
Secondly, we must moderate expression.
You also may be subject to a number of improper handling emotional education: "Patience is a virtue," "we have very good people can not glowing" and so on.
But over time, you will become a victim.
Therefore, we have a bad heart, emotional expression.
Finally, we should know how to vent.
If there is some pressure is too large signal, a method you can use to vent release them.
Laughing or shouting into the woods, the sea, or nobody's playground, open the throat to your stomach rancor a shout out.
Thanks for asking me about my school life.I usually get up at half past 6.I have breakfast and then leave home at seven.I always ride a bike to school.
The journey takes about 15 minutes.
I like maths too,I like doing diffcult problem,it's very interesting.
I usually do my homework after dinner.I go to bed at 11.
On Thursday,I stay on at school and I go to art club.I drawing and painting in it.We train once a week.
Write back anf tell me about your school day.
In recent years,a large number of university students had entered university,now a problem has been discussed that should college students living alone or living with other roommates in dormitory.Somebody thought students should living alone and others not.
Living alone can be more convenient,more private space and free time,for instance,you can sleep at anytime ,and will not disturb others.You can keep your own mystery,too.Also,living alone can improve the ability of self,you must do everything yourself.
But others disagree.,living with others is a process to grow up,to discover more relationship with others,make friends with more people,however,life can be colorful.
As far as I'm concerned,I prefer to live alone because at most time I need quite environment.Friend can be made in any other ways except this.Of course live with others lead a happy time.Share our happiness and sadness,improve cooperative and shared spirit.But it also kill the time you spend on studying.For me,I prefer to have my own life and which is important I think.
After entered the information age,more and more things cannot leave the mobile phone.Now many persons are using a mobile phone in the library reading area.
Although this is not a serious thing.Nonetheless sometimes this kind of behavior will affect the learning of students together on the edge.
At the same time also make you waste a lot of time on the phone,this is not good.
There be some students have no place to take in because these persons will occupy a seat.
For me,I don't agree with this practice.First of all,no great effect on them.
Finally,also let a lot of students intend to learn can't have a good environment.
Love is a feeling of happiness that from peoples heart.
Different people have different opinions on love.
Being a child, love is a feeling of grateful as your family be kind to you.
Being a lover, love is a feeling of priceless and percious as you are deeply in love with each other.
In my personally respect, I think love is the joy of helping people.
Nowadays, the press has been focusing on a series of news that some passers-by were in great need of help but other lookers-on fiatt to give a hand in terms of self-protection.
A recent case being debated on is about a girl named Xiaoyueyue who has been crashed into by two cars, failed to receive help from eighteen passers-by, and eventually lost her life.
The case is really make our society shocked and sad, if one of the passers-by called the police or emergency center, Xiaoyueyue's life must have saved.
Love is give a hand to others who need help, it is somebody share their food and clothes to the people who living in poverty, and take care of old people at geranium without payment.
Love is caring, giving, sharing and tolerant.
September 30, 2014 will live in my mind forever.
It was a mild day, almost warm.
On that day our school held sports meeting.
It was a first time that we took part in school's competition after we formed a new 16-student-team.
Everyone of us is excited.
When we walked though rostrum with orderly steps, our schoolmaster gave us a standing ovation.
May be because of our triangle formation or loud and clear watchword voice.
At that moment I felt proud.
After the opening ceremony, our competition stared.
The playground was full of cheers.
Suddently, one of players in our team fell down while she was rushing to the final line.
However she didn't give up, she stood up from the ground at once and ran to the destination with pain.
Though she wasn't champion, we all applauded her.
Time passed quickly, unknowingly, the competition came to the end.
I saw happiness from everyone'face.
Although we were a new class, we were united in everything.
In addition, I believe we can get high grade in college entrance examination.
LOS ALAMOS, N.M. (AP) - A smattering of summer rain gave a boost to firefighters battling a huge forest fire near Los Alamos, giving authorities enough confidence Sunday to allow about 12,000 people to return home for the first time in nearly a week.
Residents rolled into town, honking their horns and waving to firefighters as the word got out that the roadblocks were lifted and the narrow two-lane highway cut into the side of a mesa leading to Los Alamos was open.
They had fled en masse last week as the fast-moving fire approached the city and its nuclear laboratory.
yelled Amy Riehl, an assistant manager at the Smith's grocery store, as she arrived to help keep the store open for returning residents.
"It's scary, but all of the resources here this time, they were ready.
They did a magnificent job," said Michael Shields, his eyes tearing up as he returned to his apartment in the heart of the town.
The town was last evacuated because of a devastating fire in 2000 that destroyed 200 homes and several businesses and damaged utilities and other county enterprises.
This time, residents returned to a town that is completely intact, although the fire scorched 63 homes west of town.
Although the threat to Los Alamos and the nation's premier nuclear research lab had passed, the mammoth wildfire raging in northern New Mexico was threatening sacred sites of American Indian tribes.
Hundreds of firefighters were working to contain the 189-square-mile fire as it burned through a canyon on the Santa Clara Pueblo reservation and threatened other pueblos on the Pajarito Plateau.
The area, a stretch of mesas that run more than 15 miles west of Santa Fe, N.M., includes Los Alamos and the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
Since ancient times, the classic works have been bringing power to people.
Some people hold the view that the classics are classics because they have stood the test of time.
Others believe that the classics represent the wisdom of the past.
Today, we'll discuss these views.
Sun Zi Bing Fa, a great in the history of Chinese military writings,so many generals who is known by everyone.
It affects the countless wars but also has influence on.The Analects of Confucius, the root of Chinese Confucianism.This book dialogue between through Confucius and his students to illustrate the truth of life.
These examples show that the classical works still affects the present society and also affects our future.
This reflects a view I said that is the classic contains knowledge is always beneficial to mankind, it not only affects a civilization past more affected a future of civilization.
Next, let's talk about another view which has been widely supported.
This view is the embodiment of a more negative attitude of contemporary young people of ancient culture that is classic books can only be used to the study of ancient history and culture but not have beneficial effects on the social reality.For example, Journey to the West and Feng hen Kingdoms both are the ancient Chinese classic myth writings.
They describe the immortal chivalrous swordsman world is so mysterious that countless people indulge in them.
Unfortunately, these are just the feudal thoughts is impossible fantasy.
So they to contemporary people a lot of useless.
The next talk about my own point of view, In my opinion, a classic of its effect was included in all aspects.
For these classic works of criticism or blindly praise is wrong, we should is to find the essence of simultaneously removing the dross, so that we can feel the charm of classic.
This is my view, and I hope my ideas can influence more people.
I will never forget the first time I had my long hair cut when I was still a 9-year-old little girl in the third grade.
That was a Saturday afternoon, and I went to the barbershop in the company of my mom, who also wanted to cut her hair short.
But she had to do it first because she got some work to do, so I was left there alone waiting till the last moment.
During the half an hour, I was looking at the mirror quietly, and watched my hair getting shorter and shorter, flying freely in the air, and then drifting to the floor in silence.
But when I fixed my eyes on the girl in front of me, I was so astonish that I almost burst into crying.
I just could not believe that the one in the mirror was myself.
A little strange, a little familiar.
I ran back home as fast as possible.
I could sense that all the people in the street was laughing at me.
I rushed into my room, picked up the mirror, glared at the ugly hairstyle.
And then tears trickled down my cheeks.
I told my mom I don't want to go back to school any more and I wanted the barber give my long hair back.
Mom patted my head and smiled to me, " silly girl.
It doesn't matter at all.
It will grow longer one day.
However, I did not.
I have kept it in my mind for so many years and will never fade away.
The article is about American economy after the NAFTA took effect and the WTO was created, especially in the aspect of employment.
Firstly, the author introduces the trade deficit since the rise of free trade.
From 1994 to 2000, the US import grew 80.5% while the export only grew 61.5%, this increased the trade deficit to 439 billion dollars.
The reason for the phenomenon is that companies moved their plants to the developing countries, such as Mexico and China.
As a result, this eliminated about 3 million jobs, which was six times larger than the period between 1989 and 1994.
Secondly, the author describes the job loss in details of states and industries.
Across the United States, all states suffered a job loss, among which 13 states got a number of more than 100000, and the largest was California with a number of 364197.
From the view of industries, agriculture, forestry and fisheries lost nearly 116700 jobs, but this was overshadowed by the manufacture sector, which contributes 1.9 million job losses, that is 65% of all losses.
Within the manufacture sector, the hardest-hit industries are motor vehicles, electrical equipment, textile and apparel.
Finally, the author explained the reasons for the trade deficit and why WTO and NAFTA hurt America.
Some of the deficit was caused by FDI from US, but not the trade.
Another important reason is the depreciation of US dollar, which rose more than 31% since 1995.
The author pointed out the unfair rules to the US in WTO and NAFTA.
He appealed to revise the rules and to achieve further trade liberalization, which is helpful for the world's economy.
I have been missing you since I went there and took part in this activity.
To my point of view, it is really the greatest one that I have ever join, so it is necessary to tell you about my life in China.
the famous and tasty food like The Beijing Roast Duck.
These kind of things that belongs to Chinese traditional life attracted me very much, so that I have learnt so much about Chinese history and cultures.
However, I did not always stay outside.
The most part of the time was spent with my friends.
We studied and communicated together as well as played sports games.
By the way, The Spring Festival is coming soon, therefore I will eat dumplings and watch the meaningful program.
I will have a good time then.
The "Chinese Experience" activity gives me a good chance to touch and to fall in love with living there.
This period of time is likely to be the most precious one in my life.
Yours Vicky.
First of all,I think being a famous film star has some advantages,and also have disadvantages.
There are a lot of advantages of being famous,for example: you can get popular,also everybody will know you and like you; you can meet other famous actors and directors,so you can act some good movies.
At the same time,you will get media attention.
All of these can make you rich,so your lifestyle can be expensive,and you can buy some luxury things for your life.
So I think being famous is good.
Also there are some disadvantages.
If you become famous,you must be very busy,it is really bad for your health.you may get ill often.
Also the paparazzi will take photos of you when you are with privacy,they may take pictures of your secrets.
They are bad for your reputation.
All in all,being famous may be a good thing,but also is a bad thing.
It just like everything has two sides.
So I agree with it.
Hello I have a good friend.
She is a girl and her name is Mary Green.
She is 12 years old.
Now,she lives in USA.
Her telephone number is 420-347-889 and her QQ number is 377225002.
And then now I live in China.
My telephone number is 13934578990.
And my QQ number is 372252003.
I and Mary are best friends.
This is my friend.
There are two soft drinks in our campany.
They are solo and fizz.
Some differentces between with them.Size of solo is the same as big with fizz.But it is more expensive than the fizz.
As we all know the soft drinks always content some sugars.
Soft has more lower sugars than others.
However fizz has the bigger markets than it.And the main outlets are wider than solo.
The sales volume of solo is slower than fizz.
But finally through the economic is improving .It is more faster than fizz.If you buy them .Your life will be better than better.
I'm L,monitor of Class One,Grade Eleven.
Getting the message that you will study in our class as an exchange student, we are excited to give you a warm welcome.
And I'm fully convinced that you will get along well with other stwlents.
Based on the variable weather.I think it essential to prebare diffevent kinds of clother.When it comes to the food in china,you can't afford to miss the chance that tasting all kinds of delicious chinese foods .And our class is wonderful.
Not only will the whole class be eager for knowledgt, they are also happy each other.
So I see to it that you will make friends with them.
As is known to us all, the culture of America is different.so why not grab the chance to give a sptechto introduce your school life in America.
with this methed,we can promote the relationship ketween American and chinese stydents.
Eager and excited, I'm lcoking forward to your coming.
Nowadays,more and more people work very hard so that they can get fame.However, how to get fame has become an important thing in our daily life.
As far as I'm concerned,I think one person who wants to get fame must know the importance of the fame firstly,and then towards this goal keep trying very hard.Secondly,we must make a detailed plan due to the fact that we have known fame's importance exactly.In order to achieve this goal we must try our best to do everything that relates to the fame.
Thirdly,we must put into practice and we can do the little things from our surroundings.For example,we can try our best to help others and we can also take an active part in some important activities and so on.From these activities we can get their approval and then they will speak highly of our behaviors.In other words,we have got the fame.
In general,if we can do everything by heart and treat others sincerely,we will get fame easily.Let us joint effort and we will succeed.
Group cooperative learning is a learning method.In this regard, the student have different ideas.Some people think it is very good to learn with others,it can better commnicate with others and raise the enthusiasm of learning English,so it is a good way to learning English.
There is also another view,group cooperative learning is not a good way.because group learning may lead to poor concentration,each of students have different gap,it will reduce the efficiency of study.
In my opinion,group learning is a good.We can share the joy of learning language and help each other, we can get more chance to pratice.
If we can learn English hardly,our English level will be improved.
My favourite TV programme is well known by the people around the world,that is The Animal World.As its name it is a show about Animals' life,habits, living environment and so on.
This TV programme show us a world of animals which we have never seen.It's interesting and funny enough to people of different age.
There are many reasons why I like this programme so much.
First of all, I like animals, especially small animals.
Secondly, the host is smart enough to make the program become interesting.
Thirdly, through this program I know a lot of things that I haven't known before.
I gain some knowledge about animal life, such as, different lives of various kinds of animals, the relationship between people and nature, people and animal, and the importance of animal protection.
It can let us learn much about animals.I believed that the love which we can give to them will grow with each passing day.
Books are very useful tools for us to learn knowledge, reading is definitely best way to use this tool.
As we all know, there are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.If a book's knowledge likes a ocean, the knowledge we can learn from this book just like a pool.
Reading not only can expand our view but also can advance our spirits.
Since books have an amazing amount of knowledge that most of them is available for us to learning.
After you read, the world open, everything you have read become yours.
You can use these knowledge in your works or other activities, but every activity can't without knowledge.
However, others may think reading is waste time.In my opinion, reading exactly spend much time, but this is necessary for us to learn something.
Secondly, when we read, we can have a specific place which is comfortable for us to catch knowledge .Thirdly, reading have no limited condition, such as time, place.
In summary, reading is the best way to learning.
Books makes us understand more, and read joyfully.
With the increasing development of the social civilization, people in China change their opinion that the more children, the better life.
According to the growing population, the government also takes some actions.
For these reasons, the majority of the Chinese parents choose to give birth to just one baby in this modern society.
Due to the fewer children in one family, parents pay more attention to their children.
Many parents try their best to make sure that their children can make more achievements and have a bright future.
They give their whole love to children.
Meanwhile, these loves put more pressure on children, so I think parents should have certain reservations in giving their love to their children.
There are some reasons for my opinion.
For one thing, parental love in this modern is not taking their children to learn kinds of extra-courses.
Parents always think that they care about their children so they want to give them more.
However, children lose the childhood and see the competition in advance.
For another thing, if parents have certain reservations in giving their love, children can be more independent.
Now parents give less space to their children.
Children can write, read and dance.
But doing housework is not necessary.
Parents always say,"We do the housework.
Children can not survive out of school and family due to this parental love.
What's more, the over-parental love also causes more commit suicides among teenagers.
Parents spoil their children.
When they start to punish them, children become extreme.
Another condition is that parental love causes parental strictness.
Children have more pressure and cause some mental diseases.
To put it into a nutshell, parents' certain reservations in giving love to their children is necessary.
As we all known, parental love is important to children's growth.
But parents also should know different conditions need different degrees of love.
The reservations of parental love do not mean you are an incompetent parent but a smart and excellent parent.
As we all know No pains , No gains .
Only we had paid for what we did , we will gain what we want.
When i was a senior i was a boy who did like to study , so every test I was failed completely , since then i realised i should be studied hard.
Numerous success stories can support this irrefutable truth.
Without thousands failure and error,people can not succeed.Such as Liu Xiang could not win the Olympic 110 meters hurdles competition or break the world record.
Only when he train himself day after day can he get these achievements.What's more,studying also a example.
If you haven't Competitors, your study may not get better, and your text score can not get higher and higher.
It is said that Kobe Bryant, one of famous basketball player in the world, with shooting 2000 balls in a day.
All of us wish for ti bright future and hope to master a useful career.
If one wants to achieve success, only hard work and his perspiration can get him to glory.If you want to success, you must be work harder and harder.Unfortunately, some people do not understand that simple truth.
With the development of network technology.
online shopping is becoming more and more popular with people.
But when we enjoy the convenience which online shopping brings to us.
actually it brings some bad things too .as we know, online shopping is different from traditional shopping.
When we go shopping we can choose what we like.
we can also know whether it is suit for us and the quality is good or not .
But we can't know these only know the appearance from the picture.. we don't know the quality is good or not only when we receive the thing.
Besides online shopping isn't safety.
When we want to buy something.
we should tell our message, maybe it involve our private message.
once our message was stolen .it may influence our life.
As far as I am concerned .
in 21 century, people and the internet's relationship will be closer than before, so online shopping will develop more quickly.
Every coin has two sides, so Authority should set up more rules to manage online shopping.
It has become a hot topic that college students after their graduation do not have enough ability to adapt to society.
And as an old saying goes:practice makes perfect.
So, in my opinion, our universities do should give priority to courses for students.
Social practice has been more and more popular in universities.
We are asked to enter society and get some idea of it.
Surely social practice has many advantages.
Firstly, social practice can offer us a chance to contact society and meet different kinds of people.
In this way,we can gain some valuable social experience,which will be useful to our future career.
Secondly, we can apply what they have learned in class to practical work, thus knowing themselves more clearly.
Thirdly, social practice can bring us some financial reward and make us more independent of our family.
However,some problems may arise if we don't.
For example, some one get overly interested in social practice and want to work full-time and earn money, so neglecting their studies.And some people are likely to get in touch with the dark side of society, which will affect their future studies.
In order to carry out social practice smoothly, we should first know its objective.
Wu should put our studies in the first place and see social practice just as a useful supplement, so we ought to try to strike a balance between social practice and our studies.
I had a wonderful vacation last weekend .
I went to beijing with my family .first day, it is sunny ,we go to the summer palace ,it was beautiful .
second day was rainy ,we stayed at hotel .but we met some foriegner .
Books are the ladder of human progress.
Reading a good book in your spare time is o pleasure.
Reading is very importance to a person 's life and growth.
Firstly,reading not only can broader your horizons,but also can shape a person 's personality.How much a person to read can reflect a person's accomplishment.Secondiy,reading can let us learn a lot of knowledge more than those of books.Thirdly,we can learn of other people's experience to help us to solve our problems.
We should not only read more books,but also read a good book.because a good book is like a good teacher,which can improve our ability of thinking.
In my opinion,we should read more books,fall in love with reading and to arm ourselves with knowledge.
According to the latest "Global Retail Power Report 2013" (GRPR), despite a stumbling global economy, consumers continued to spend in 2011 and the retail industry kept rolling.
For the world's top 250 retailers in fiscal 2011, retail revenue rose5.1 percent, 5.3 percent growth building on the previous year.
The world's 10 largest retailers remained unchanged from 2010.
With 6 percent revenue growth, retail giant Wal-Mart increased its lead over Carrefour.
The GRPR indicated retailers are faced with the challenge of engaging customers on more than just price.
They must make shopping across all channels a more stimulating and satisfying experience.
Walmart entered the Chinese market and opened its first supercenter and Sam's club in 1996 in Shenzhen.
Currently, Walmart operated more than 390 units in over 150 cities in 21 provinces, autonomous regions and 4 municipalities.
To give Walmart customers what they want and enhance their purchase possibility for they are visit.
We will launch an experience project in the south region to test the market during the National Day Holiday.
We are selected 20 stores which covered Walmart supercenter and Trust mart hypermarket that located in Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Dongguan and Foshan four cities.
On the Walmart finance report, the financial results for the second quarter end of July 31, 2013.
Net sales for the second quarter of fiscal year 2013 were US$116.2 billion, an increase of 2.4 percent.
Total revenue was US$116.9 billion, an increase of $2.7 billion, or 2.3 percent over last year.
Walmart International's net sales would have been US$ 33.4 billion, an increase of 4.4 percent over last year.
Firstly,I must say "sorry" to our teacher, Miss X,because the last homework I don't have a good complete.So I am very sorry.Then,I want to say,I don't like introducing myself.I always believe that this is hard for me to finish it,because I thing I have nothing to write,but this is my task,no matter how I hate,I must finish it.
My name is Y,I come from Z P Province.I think I am a outgoing girl.But for the first time you meet me,I think you would feel that I am a quiet girl,but this is not true.Once you are familiar with me,you would find that I am very crazy and outgoing.I like listening to the music,but I don't like singing in front of many people,because I don't have a good voice,so I think I can't scare to the people.I also like reading,I always believe that reading can broaden the vision.Moreover,I can get many happinesses,and enjoy myself during reading.Of course,what my favorite are sleeping and eating!I like sleeping very much,I always believe that sleeping is a enjoyable thing,I like.And eating is a enjoyable thing, too.Although I am fat,I also like eating!To be honest,I don't like shopping very much,because I am fat,every time I see the beautiful clothes,I would feel sad,I can't wear!
To my future,I don't have many fantasy.Now I only want to study hard,and make full use of my university life,try my best to do every thing well,and don't let my parents down.
We are so pleasure to inform you that the goods under Contract No.J-29 have been shipped per S.S. "Pearl".
And we will arrange transshipment of the goods in HongKong per S.S. "May flower".the appointment will be dealed with cost and freight.We have sent the Sales Confirmation by fax on March 15,2013,so that you arrange insurance in time.
After the discussing,we knew 40 per cent of students thought the animals should be kept in the zoo.First, people can see kinds of animals in the zoo.It is interesting to see the animals in the zoo.
Second, the animals can be taken good care of.
The rest of the students thought the animals can not be kept in the zoo.The animals like living in the wild.Besides, animals can not have freedom in the zoo.
In my opinion, I think the animals who are in danger should be kept in the zoo.Living in the wild is very dangerous and the number of endangered animals is fewer and fewer.Although they lose freedom,they can be taken good care of and have long lives.
We should protect the animals and do something meaningful for them.First, we should not polute the water because water is important for not only the humans but also the animals.
Second,we should not buy the hand-made which is made by animal.It is cruel of us to buy it.
Last but not least, we should protect the environment and we can live a better life with animals.
I'm glad to know that you're going to Four Middle School.I'd like to give you a brief introduction to it.
The Four Middle School was building in 1986,it covers an area of 42 acres.
The Four Middle is surround of mountian and have a lake that is in east of Four Middle School.The environment is very beautiful.
I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun there.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.Every time,the same sight.As time goes by,the sight becomes more and more clearly.
Simple and warm I think.Ten years latter,I will get married,maybe two children.
I will have a job which I really love from the bottom of my heart.
It must be busy and I know I would try my best to work for that.In the weekend,stay with my family and friends,talk in cafeteria,travel outside and continue studying.
Not rich but enough.Happy and ordinary.
My dream university is Cambridge.It is located in England and it has a very long history.This school has a very high reputation in the world.It is very international and unique.All the students here can pursue their own values and dreams.I will introduce its history in the following paragraph.
By 1200,Cambridge was a thriving commercial community which was also a county town.Then,in 1209,scholars taking refuge from hostile townsmen in Oxford migrated to Cambridge and settled there.At frist they lived in lodgings in the town,but in time houses were hired as hostels with a Master in charge of the student.By 1226 the scholars were numerous enough to have set up an organization,represented by an official called a Chancellor, and seem to have arranged regular courses of study, taught by their own members.
From the start there was friction between the town and students.
Fortunately , King Henry III took the scholars under his protection and protected them from exploiting by their landlords.
What's more, he took measures to ensure that they had a monopoly of teaching.
Nowadays, this university is in the middle of the great expansion in its history.
Through the generosity of benefactors, the university has been able to creat a new science and technology campus.
Sustaining a world-class university demands investment in new facilities,new areas of study,and most importantly , in people;Continued fundraising efforts and innovative partnerships will be vital.The university will celebrate its eight hundredth anniversary in 2009, marking the legacy of eight centuries and determined to remain among the world's greatest universities.
Boys,be ambitious.This words are really exciting.And it is really the place where you can catch your dreams.So this university is the place where I want to go most.
The passage is started with the writer took a taxi.
writer and the taxi driver had a talk about the taxi drive's friend,Ed,who was dead a couple of weeks ego.
writer to read the letter whitch he wrote to Ed in pencil but not to mail .
The passage end up with the writer arrived at destination and decided to write a letter to his friend and mail it right away.
we are pleased or sorrowful.
Therefore, let's become much of a hand at writing.
to him or her.
each other all the time.
Door to Door is a moving and touching movie which presents us a story about a disabled man called Bill Porter who cannot speak as fluent as normal people nor can he walk freely at will.
What impressed me most,say,is his unimaginable patience and persistence which brings him a prize called salesman of the year and it is this that a treasured virtue which is too difficult to make it for each common person.His mother who plays a significant role in his life that helps him a lot when he is help-needed and encourages he when he is down and blue.What I literally find it pitiful is that Bill's mother finally get a kind of illness,making her couldn't afford to take care of her son even herself.
In a nutshell,it is worthwhile to watch Door to Door which I've learned a lot from it and witnessed a disabled man's unique life.Honstly speaking,I found I'm so lucky to have a chance to watch it and these is no doubt that I'll always remember "patience and persistence" in my entire life.
I completely agree with it,especially when it comes to the relationship between human beings and the environment we are living in.
First,I think human beings are ignorant in the way we treat the environment.We cut down countless trees,burn non-renewable fossil fuels,hunt wild animals,pour waste water into rivers and so on.We think of nothing but immediate interests.
Second,it's obvious that our action is not wise.
It has brought serious consequences.The ecosystem is upset.Look,many rare animals are facing the danger of extermination,the water has been polluted,forests around the world is becoming less and less...
In my opinion,I think its high time that we should take action to protect our environment.We should open our eyes ang see the world as it really is----a complete whole where every cause has an effect!
The seemingly greater difficulty in learning English as students move to more advanced levels.
The teacher becomes frustrated when he finds his students to make slower progress.
The reaction of both students and teachers in such circumstances are unlike,and the auther's opinion about the problem is that it is much easier to choose things than to choose the most pleased things.
The author's advice to students are reading and listening,such as reading what you can understand, reading what interests you,reading the English written today and so on.
The auther's advice to teachers is that they should choose the best path to the students.
As we all know,love is one of the most essential things in our live,my life abound in loves,there are a sea of loves around me.Such as the friendship,parents' love and so on.However,we can't easily know about the love from others.When we get love from our friends,we must be very excited and happy.And we also show our love to him or her.I'm going to show my love to someone,I'll say "I love you" to him or her.I think I can touch the love they send to me.In a word,love is the spice of the life.
The Mid-autumn Day is a traditional festival in China.
It is the second most important festival of the year.
The Mid-autumn is very important for Chinese people.because it means reunion.
On the evening of Mid-autumn Day,the moon is round and bright.
The family will enjoy the full moon and eat all kinds of moon cakes on that day.
Almost everyone likes to eat moon cakes,but I don't like.
Everyone is very happy on the day.
Mid-autuam Day is in the autumn.
Autumn is the harvest season.
People celebrate harvest together.
This is our Mid-autumn Festival,people are always very happy.I think it is fun.
My favorite animal is a panda.
It's the rare animal.
It's very lovely.
It's black and white.
It has two small ears, two black eyes, four legs and a short tail.
It can swim and run.
It lives in China.
It eats bamboos.
There are some pandas in the zoo.
They look like a bear, but they are not a bear.
They live in China.
They have a small tail and fat body.
They are black and white.
They're very clumsy, but they can climb trees.
They like to eats bamboo very much.
The baby panda is under the mother panda, they are sleeping.
They look very lovely.
Pandas are my favourite animals.
This winter holiday ,I spent a exciting holiday going on a jouney.Before I went there,I'm expect to trevel with my mother.It is a rare chance,so I should cherish.
This trip we're going to Nepal.It's a very beautiul country,although it's not very rich.But the people in Nepal are very enthusiasm,friendly,plaim.we went to several places.The most unforgettable place is Chitwan.Chitwan is a city in the south of Nepal.It has the biggest country park.We could ride elephants.It's a very smart animal.They brought many kands of animals in the forest.In Chitwan you also can rafting.The crocodiles were swimming around us .It's proper stimulate.
Nepal is deserve to trevel.
I love Nepal.I love trevelling!
My mother is 40 years old, but she never tells others how old she is.
My mother is a well-known doctor in our area.
She works hard.
She often gets up very early in the morning and rushes to the hospital to look after her patients.
She is kind to her patients and treats them the way she treats her family.
Sometimes I wonder whom she loves more, her patients or me.
My father is 43 years old.
He has short hair, big eyes and a small mouth.
He is my best friend.
Now many people are taking about whether setting firecrakers.
Some people think setting off firecrackers can celebrate important festivals, like the Spring Festivals.
Setting off firecrackers is a habit in festivals.
But on the other hand, as we all know, setting off firecrackers is trouble to our environment.
It may bring some air pollution.
Now, our environment is very bad.
In addition, setting firecracker may cause security problems.
So I think not setting off firecrackers, and we should seek other ways to show our happiness.
In order to our environment, our earth.
Recently my classmate are taking part in a discussion about whether we should have an Engilsh listening test in college entrance examination or not.But different people hold different opinion.
Most of them are in favor of the idea that the examination should not be canceled.
The most important one of the four basic balities is listening,which can not be disconsidered.Besides,it is an important way to get information.What's more,as the international cooperation increasing,we'd better pay more attation on listening.
However,some of them who are against it don't think so.They think it's unfare because of the lintening effect.There are diferences between countries and cities in teacher and equipment.Moreover it's useless for those who do not go abroad.
Nowadays,when students learn English ,they usually pay less attention to the words spelling.Just a quick glance over any student's paper will reveal many spelling errors.Some very common mistakes even affect the meaning:"he" vs."her";"first" vs."frist".
In my opinion,it's due to the less emphasis.What's more, in our daily lives, there are many spelling mistakes made by teachers or other people and then students begin to become less careful.
As for the reasons ,many students have the idea that small things do not matter and spelling is really a small thing.With this view of life, a general attitude of laziness and carelessness quickly prevails.
For the solutions,I think ,on the one hand ,teachers should put more stress on the spelling to attract students' more attention.
On the other hand ,our students also should treat this problem in a right way and pay more attention about spelling.
We warmly welcome your enquiry and thank you for your interest in our fireworks and firecrackers.
We are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.
Also under separate cover, we are sending you some samples which will show you clearly the specifications and pattern.
We trust that when you see them you will agree that our products appeal to the most selective buyer.
And as soon as we receive your order, we would make delivery.
We allow a proper discount according to the quantity ordered.
As for the payment terms we usually require irrevocable Letter of Credit payable by sight.
Thank you again for your interest in our products.
We are looking forward to your order and you may be assured that it will receive our prompt and careful attention.
The topic of "Is Group Cooperative Learning Good" is becoming more and more popular recently.
Different people have different attitudes towards this question.
Those who hold the first opinion think that learning in a group is good.
In a group, people can help each other and solve problems more easily, but every coin has two sides, the others think that learning in a group is wrong.It can make student's performance decline.
As far as I'm concerned, I agree with study in a group.In this way,students can communication with each other.
My idol is my grandfather .He is the man who has a persistent spirit and a kind heart ,I'm very repect and admire him, he influenced me a lot,he is my idol.
My grandfather is a old man who has a middle height and wih glasses, but he has a powerful body , he ever swimed in a cold winter everyday, he was good at majiang(a traditional chinese game), he often got many money by that game.
Basicly, he is a funny old man, and make you feel relax,but if he was concentrated on something, he can show an unbelibeble passion and persistent will.
When I was a child ,my parents have no enough time to look after me,so I usually lived with my grandfather, that experience is so happeniness and happy that I can not forget, during the time that I lived with him, he took me to fishing, catching insects, running...an he also told me some senses of being a good man.
Someday ,I was walking on the street with my grandfather, I discover some teengers were playing violins ,I thought it was really cool, I was dreamed of being a violist at that time ,so I was begining to study violin after 2 weeks.
My grandfather was so happy that I can not imaged.
He soon bought a violin, after that, we practiced together everyday.
In modern society, library plays a dramatically important role in people's life.
However, as the popularity of the mobile phone, using the mobile phone in the library becomes a problem.
Therefore, many people put forward that we should restrict the mobile phone in the library.
People usually go to library for some reading and reference so that everyone is supposed to be silent and create a harmonious environment.
Using the mobile phone in the library will break up the silent and destroy the good environment, which can bother others and make bad influence in their study.
Besides, it also interrupts yourself and stops your step.
As far as I'm concerned, restricting the mobile phone in the library is necessary.
At least, people are supposed to keep their mobile phone silent.
Chili and sour potato is an extremely delicious dish which is very popular in our daily life.
It is not only perfect in colour, aroma and taste, but also easily to be cooked.
Now, let me tell you how to cook chili and sour potato.
Before cooking, you should prepare 300g potatoes and some flavouring, including 3g salt, soy sauce, 5g vinegar, 2g essence of chicken, 5g green onion, 2g pepper, 5g chili, 15g peanut oil and 5g sesame oil.
Firstly, water and peel the potatoes and cut the potatoes into spices.
Then, put the potatoes into a pot of water which has been dropped into a little vinegar, which will avoid the potatoes blackening and make the taste crisp.
After immersing the potatoes in the water for a while, rinse them with water and drain.
Next, put the peanut oil into the pan and heat.
Fry the pepper until you can smell the fragrance of the pepper.
Close the fire and pick out the pepper and put aside.
After that, open the fire again and when the oil is seventy percent hot, put the chili.
Don't put the chopped green onion until you can smell the scent of chili.
Next, put the potatoes into the pan and fry them for two minutes.
Then put the vinegar, soy sauce, sugar and salt in turn and fry them for another minute.
A delicious dish is cooked.
I'm L of Senior Three, G Middle School.
I'm writing to tell you about some symptoms of anxiety among us students before exams.Students who have anxiety often have some effects which lead to unhealth.For instance,they often have headache.no power,can't sleep well,or have no appetite for eating.
To some extent,this mood always does harm to students' health.There's no denying that anxiety also affects our study.According to this problem,there are some advice for you to get rid of it.As the preb says:"Practice makes prefect.
"Before exam,you should make a sutible reviewing project.In addition,have good rests during the exam.Before sleeping,you can take a shower,or drink milk which benefits sleeping.
I'll appreciate if you make an article for it.
I'm very glad to have this chance to speak here to so many young people.
My dream is to be a teacher, but some people will be surprised, think that the teacher's hard work, income and low.
However, I have my own ideas, when I was very young, I wanted to be a teacher.when l old.I think the teacher's job is very important and necessary for the development of the society.And, I think children have fun together, and youth.
I don't think it's a waste of time to educate children.
Instead, it is a valuable job.
That's all I have to say.
Thank you.
Nowadays,SOHO lifestyle is becoming more and more popular.
SOHO lifestyle provides convenience and become more popular among young people .There are mang reasons that can contribute to this phenomenon .
One of the main reasons seems to be that people can have a well-balanced life by taking good care of their jobs and families.
Different from working in a public job,they can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home.Apart from this,with a SOHO lifestyle, people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about the complicated relationship with others colleagues.And what's more ,they can get rid of the traffic jam.Besides,work at home not only can they feel relaxed but also they will in nice stress to make full use of their talent.
So,it is certainly that the SOHO lifestyle become so popular.
As we know,it is accurate that download essays from the Internet is an easy way to accomplish the project.
This means that you can simply log on to a website and search for the information that you intend and download them.Account for this reason,a lot of people attempt to do it,and that might seem the method is convenient for us to finish the task.Unfortunately,download essays,although much easier than writing your own essay,is illegal.
Clearly that your teacher may realize that you didn't write it by yourself.It is essential to say that it dosen't help you appreciate the subject.Significantly,downloading essays from the Internet isn't a brilliant choice.
Nowadays,souring on the internet is very popular for many teenagers.But is the Internet a blessing or annoyance?I think there are many advantages and disadvantages.We can listen to the music,do some shopping and check the information on the internet.It is very convenient for us.But on the other hand,Internet is hurtful.Many students often spend much time in playing computer games.I think it is a waste of time.We should do some meaningful things instead of playing games in our daily life.Do you think so?
Point:My first English writing class last week was great.
Support 1: Our new teacher introduced couples of practical writing skills to us.
A: First of all, our teacher helped us clear our mind up in order to write an effective writing.
B: At the second step, she suggested us build a logical thinking about the topic.
C: Moreover, the structure of the writing would have a clear presentation.
effective writing must be in a good order and good reasoning.
Support 2: We could strengthen our writing skills through more practising.
A: And then,we were able to write a paragraph with our statement.
B: What's more, the significant part of it was to find evidence to support the points.
C: Thus, the statement which o ur teacher taught was quite educational.
I wrote a piece of writing on My Worst Holiday with those skills.
Support 3: I found it was easy to understand the skills of writing on the Power Point which produced by our new teacher.
A: The skills were extremly useful, orderly, and practical.
B: I had a wonderful time in my first English Writing Class hence my teacher had a professional teaching skill.
Yaoming - My Favorite Sports Star I am a basketball fan.
Yaoming is my favorite sports star .He is born on 9.12.1980.As we all know; Yao is a super star in NBA now.
He is famous in America not only for his amazing height, but also for his perfect skills in basketball and in communications.
Although he is very popular throughout the world, he has never forgotten his country and his teachers in China.
He's the hero in my heart.
Now I want Yao Ming to get better though he no longer played basketball.
If asked for the movie with most impression, my choice would undoubtedly be the "Boyhood".
Not only the period of the shooting, but also the growth of the boy.
Unlike the normal film, this film has taken 12 years to make it end.
Film is a time-limited literary form, as well as a capital-intensive art, so the direct will naturally use makeup, scene-switching, or even the computer graphics to simulate the time passing.
For example, the famous love movie----"500 days of summer", just uses the movie clips to show the "500 days", but the actor never has physical changes like being old or has the white hair.
Compared with "500 days of summer", "Boyhood" refuses to use any man-made technique to describe how the time's passing, it just use time itself.
Every summer, the director will get together all the actors and maintain the process the whole 12 years.
That is no wonder why the film seem flat but indeed has a special appeal, every is so natural: from Gameboys to Wii, from clamshell phone to iPhone, from "Harry Potter" to "The Twilight Saga".
People in screen, however, give us a sense of reality.
And what's more, the film also does not has a drama in advance.
But it is just do like that.
Every year, the main actor, Ellar Coltrane, will be asked about the things he had down, and the director will refer to it to make the dramatization.
I have to say it is a imaginative method, no one knows what will happen next year.
That's why we feel the story is so confusing real----because it is real story.
Someone may say the divorce is a little fictionalizing, the father is a little dramatics, the conflicts is the violation of logic, but when we look back, we do don't want to go to school and lie to our mother that we are ill, we do talk about girls with brothers, we do feel shy when asked if has a girlfriend or not.
The symbol.
We can see this film has a rare 100% heat on Rotten Tomatoes, and on douban it also gives high mark 9.1 out of 10.
In "Boyhood", boy play electronic pet, listen the song of Beatles and Lady Gaga, watching the baseball game of Houston Astros against Cincinnati Reds (it is a real game in history).
There is a sense that the father ask Mason to pull out the brands against Obama, I guess every American will smile when seen this.
All kinds of symbols, just like the sign of the time, give us an experience of the old days.
In conclusion, "boyhood" is a real imaginative movie, it breaks all the rules of normal movie, even we can say it makes a new type.
If I have to analysis the film, I think it should be like "use time to describe time", "use life to dramatize drama" and "use symbol to hint age".
As a college student, there is always such occasions when we should write papers.
If we would like to write a perfect paper, we must endeavour to make some indispensable preparations, which would make our thinking much more logical and coherent.
Here are some effective tips for you to follow.
First, choose an appropriate topic.
As far as I am concerned, the topic you have chosen should be neither too narrow nor too broad, so that to some degree you will always have something to talk about.
And for another part, you should ensure your topic attractive and interesting to your readers, thus leading them to finish reading your paper.
If the topic can not be extended, your paper would not be that profound and penestrating for your audiences to appreciate.
Second, since you have got a proper topic, the next thing you should do is to search some information on the Internet.
In the process of collecting these materials, you should always keep a critical insight, so that you can organize your ideas easiily and resonably.
Third, if you really would like to perform a perfect paper, you should make an outline after having chosen the appropriate materials, which will ensure you a clear enough mind to think, question and comment.
Last but not least, when writing your paper, you should try to use some technical terms and pay more atttention to the grammatical errors in your paper.
In my points of view, this is the most foundamental elements to make yourself understood at the least.
And also, if you want your paper much more perfect, you should turn to your peers to help you check the paper to find out whether there are still some grammatical errors in it, so that you can put the final touch to your paper.
By the way, you should be very confident in writing the paper.
Only in this way can you set about preparing your paper effectively without any hesitation.
As mentioned above, to write a perfect paper, you should be very confident in preparing it.
Choosing a proper topic will ensure that you have something to write.
Searching the Internet is to enhance your paper in some sense.
And the most foundamental things are the correct use of grammar and technical terms.
Only if you follow these items can you really write a perfect paper.
Recently a report say that some people in our country, especially in H province, doing something badly just for stopping people who are dancing in the square with music.
And it may have caused two different conditions and two opposite opinions .
Among people, some of them hold a opinion that they should not do that, because they are so noise and some students in Hubei province even organised a silent protest against people playing loud music by blocking the "stage" of the dancers in a square.
While others have different idea, they think people who practicing square dancing should not be blamed and these kinds of behavior can not be forbidden.
Firstly, I would like to talk something about the people who agree with the first view which I have told above.
From their view, they think it is he or her freedom to dance in a square while playing very loud music.
Moreover, they have their rights to do that.
In their eyes, they can not only strengthen bodies by themselves through the healthy activities, but also can they attract other people's attentions.
What's more, it can greatly improve people's living standards and make many new friends among these actions.
They need some loud and exciting music for it's much better to cheer up themselves.
Therefore, people who are around them could not blame them, in other words, they should get involve in it so that achieve the happiness.
So they have a strong view that it shouldn't be forbidden.
However, others disagree.
They are normal people and they don't want to be bothered by such loud and tiring music.
They are supposed to live simply and peacefully.
They may even think that people who are always dancing in square with loud music are very lonely and foolish.
What those people are 3 expected to do is to use another methods to express their upset feelings or try to be connected with their family members, instead of playing that kind of stupid music and make some people around them feel tiring and annoyed.
Last but not lease, if people who always playing loud music in square which is close to the school, it 's obvious that they will interrupt students' peaceful life, as they students need a quiet atmosphere to study.
Then those people can make a good conclusion that: it should be forbidden.
Though I have described those two opposite opinions, to be honest, I have my own idea about these the affair.
Just as the saying goes, ever coin has two sides.
From this news we can easily found that, some people have dong some unexpected behavior to against those people who practicing dancing, such as throwing rubbish at them or organized a silent protest to against people playing loud music by blocking the "stage" of the dancers in a square.
While different opinion occurred of the news.
They supposed that they have their rights to do what they want to do.
And, of course, they do should not be forbidden.
As far as I am concerned, these people or activities, should either be forbidden, nor be allowed.
Some measure are expected to be established by the government or the local people, such as making a good plan to deal with this problem, gathering those people who love dancing in a special place, and it won't interrupt people's normal and peaceful life.
way.
In a word, that special situation should not only be forbidden, but also be deal with proper and wise ways.
Nowadays ,more and more students are smoking in our class .Some students suppose it is fashionable and others think it is bad for health .Unfavorable in my opinion ,smoking is bad for our health.
How to give up smoking is a question in the world.
In some countries,the government appeal to smokers to give up smoking.
So we should create a no smoking world for our body.
There are many people dad from heart Darsie and pneumonia in the world.
Much more money for the cigarette can lead to a poor family.
So we must give up smoking and it's good for us keep away from people who smoking heavily.
Writing comes from our life and experiences.
I'm quite interested in every aspect of English.
As for English writing, I think it's a good way to express ourselves.
For a person who writes well, writing is to enjoy himself.
Writing comes from our life and experiences I'm always inclined to say that English writing is different from Chinese writing indeed, for it requires a clear understanding in grammar, metre and so on.
To be honest, learning how to write a beautiful essay in English is not only a challenge, but also a precious opportunity to improve my comprehensive English ability for me.
In my opinion, a good English article is a compound of right grammar and proper sequence.
It has a magic power to arouse readers' interest to continue reading as an exploration to the true essence, set them thinking as well as accepting the author's viewpoint, so it's absolutely not an easy job to compose such an essay.
In order to reach the goal, I need to comment on my English writing skill.
I think it's of top priority to broaden my horizon toward different forms of writing.
Secondly, More practice and emotions are supposed to be taken into my consideration.
As I decided to improve my writing skills, I must master grammar to offer a solid foundation to sustain my essay's core.
Different forms of writing which can make my work more fluent and pleasant to be read is also necessary for me to learn and think about.
Since I have begun the new class, I want to write more about my daily life and emotions.
I hope to hold a confident attitude towards writing and the teacher can encourage us not to be afraid of making mistakes in writing that is to be more brave and curious.
The teacher, of course, is the leader on our way of studying.
I want the teacher to share some examples of perfect English essays with us, and then we can discuss why they are widely acclaimed, what the author tends to tell us through his or her works.
Although everyone regards success differently, I think that factors that contribute to success have a lot in common.
Objective factors take effect, but it is subjective factors that play a decisive role.
Above all, among the subjective factors, ambition is the beginning of success.
Ambition means understanding the value of work, never being lazy and having clear goals and visions for what you want to accomplish.
Successful people are on a mission, and they will throw themselves to what they pursue.
Endeavor is another essential factor, which is the only way to success.
Any goal won't come true if there is no endeavor.
No matter how little effort you make , you can be closer to your goal .
Apart from ambition and endeavor, positivity is important too.
No one can avoid failure, but what you do after failure makes difference.
Negative people tend to see the gloomy side of things, which often causes them to miss out on solutions and creative ideas.
Only if you face failure bravely, never loose heart and seek the way to solve the problem can you obtain success.
Besides the factors mentioned before, courage, focus, confidence and so on are also indispensable factors contributing to success.
Undoubtedly, objective factors like parents, education, opportunity and so on can be vital in one's success.
We'd better follow the key factors and find a balance and fulfill in your career and personal life.
I went to Dali in summer holiday.
I went Dali with my parents and we go there by plane.I feel the scenery of Dali is beautiful and the local is very friendly.
I enjoy this journey.
No.44/77 Is this available in White?
No.78/612 What is the discount price of this for orders of over 500 pieces?
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
I love traveling.I want traveling all over the world.
I went to Beijing last summer holidays.
I went to Beijing first time.
Beijing is the capital of China.
It's a big city.
I am very familiar with Beijing.
It takes an hour and forty minutes from Nantong to Beijing by plane.
There are many tall buildings in Beijing.
It's a modern city.
My family visited the Great Wall, the Summer Palace, the Palace Museum, the Beihai Park, the Space Museum, etc.
I went to the countryside of Beijing to go boating and fishing.
It was very interesting.
I went shopping in WangFuJing.
I bought lots of souvenirs and other things.
I like eating Beijing snacks.
They are delicious.
Don't mithe Beijing Duck.
It is really nice.
These trips helped me open my eyes.
I enjoyed my day.
In today's society,create a conservation-oriented campus is a pressing matter.
awareness of conservation and help create a good atmosphere so as to promote the construction of the fine style of the study.
Students have to develop safe habits, carry forward the fine tradition of the thrift, saving not only help how to build schools, but more conductive for their all-around development.
Second, It's a developmental need for colleges and universities, they should have collective responsibilities.
At first, water conservation, we should make full use of water resources.
Second, the conservation of electricity, when we finish our work or study , we should have to a turn off the electrical power.
Third,save resource.
Use the durable goods , the decrease to use one time article.
Forth, save on paper.
We should make full use of the campus network, vigorously carry out the automated office,.
Fifth, frugal living, it's a way to improve virtuous habits, not to blind competition, not to spend more or waste food.
A thousand miles begins with one step.
To create a conservation-oriented campus, we should have a concept, should I start, start now, little things bit by bit from the side.
an astonishing dream.
They would, and excited to, try best to achieve theirs.
So I am very sure I can, and I will also try the best to attain mine.
My grandest dream is to write like Eliot or Orwell, to astonish the world by books and paragraphs, to fight against evils with quill and paper, to terminate humiliations in characters and plots.
To have my dream accomplished, I will insist on practice writing every day, to face small writings as huge books, so then I can create them when it needs; And I also need to "Read thousands of books and travel thousand miles" to strengthen my skill and know more about the world.
I will always be prepared for the day.
In the past,university only for the excellent students.It means only a few students could enter the university that most students miss it sadly.But now,with the expansion of the university in Chinese,more and more students enter the universities to recevie the education.The dream of university not distance for them.
In my opinion, it brings the chance to the students pursue the knowledge and reach their dream.However, we couldn't to ignore the problem of it.Firstly,the students' number increases quickly but universities haven't enough teachers and teaching source so that students' quality uneven.
On the other hand,some universities blind to pursue the benifit and ignore the academic also make the students could to study the useful knowledge.It increases the empolyment stress to the students who graduated from the university.
In fact,intake expansion in Chinese Universisty is a good phenomenon,we shuold surport it.But as far as I concerned,I think the universities should ensure the quality of teaching not blind to pursue the benefit.The government also pay attention to the universities and make some rules to standard them necessarily.
Last fridy,there was an impressive thing in our school.
Last fridy was sunny, so many students were playing outside during class break.Some students played basketball on the playgroud happily.Suddenly,one of them fainted and fell down on the groud.The others who were near sent him to the hospital quickly .It made him get treat in time.That student's parents were so thankful when they reached the hospital.
It is so impressive that we should learn from them.
My parents.
My parents.
My parents, they don't want to get any reward from me.
Not only my parents, all the parents in the world don't charge anything from their children.
They give us everything they can.
They spend their whole life loving me, so I love my parents, too.
Since I was given birth, I've started to love them even if I didn't realize it.
It will be the time for my birthday soon.
I want to say to my parents: I love you.
I agree this statement.
People's future belong to theirselves, and everyone has their own choice.
Parents will help and determining their children's future for a long time.
But in the end, person need to face all the problems from their life.
No one can really replace another person to make a choice, including parents.
First, no one like that their life is planning.
People should have interests childhood, instead of lots of assignment from their parents if people choose the lifestyle their parents have already designed for them.
"At that time, maybe they will lose their lives goal, and lose their lives.
I am not saying that my imagination, in our county, example of this condition is so many.
I don't say their situation, because that make me sick.
They don't care of anything, and they can do any bad thing, the worst thing.
Maybe not all people will become like this, but I don't hope parents' concern will make parents sad.
It's a bad ending, the worst ending.
Second, people should make their own choice to exercise their ability.
People make some choice, and stand the racket.
It is what we choose to make it.
Whether good of bad results can improve our ability.
The key is what we make a choice.
No practice means no experience, and no experience means no ability.
It's so bad, I think.
So if we want to improve our ability, we should make our own choice.
Third, people need take responsibility for themselves.
"No one is able to instead of me, and no people should responsibility for me, "we need say this.
In other ways, parents want to determine their children's life, because they have some own pities, so they want children can have a happy life.
I don't think it's a good idea.
No one has same life.
Parents can let the children do not experience their frustration, but the children will experience a new setback.
Finaily, I think to determine their own future is the right of every person, no one can change it.
Parents have their ideas, and children have their ideas too.
So I agree children should be allowed to make their own choice.
Nowadays, Some students didn't pay attention to spelling in their English career.
It may cause their compositions in a mess.
In my opinion, students gain knowledge so quickly was the essential reason.
The city developed so fast, the knowledge, science and technology were increasing day by day.
They all caused the pressure on students.
So they acquired knowledge so quickly that they ignored the foundation.
Students just recited the article.
There were a few students write down it.
Spelling was the foundation for students' English lives.
It shouldn't be ignored but to pay more attention.
In order to change this situation, students should pay more attention to spelling.
When they learned new words, they should write down them at least three times.
And they should try to write down the sentences when they recited an essay or a fairy tail.
If students can do this every day, they will spell each word that they had seen before.
A successful man is careful to do everything.
Mendel was a clergyman and biologist of Austria who was the first man concerned about GM food in the 19th century.
He planted beans which were changed genes in his field.
Nevertheless nobody focused on him.
GM food has been the focus until 1983, the tobacco which has antibiotic was planted in success.
After that GM beans, GM potatoes, are created by scientists.
Although new technology invention has brought many conveniences to our life, it also increase the distance between people.Nowadays, phubbing has been popular exceedingly, which is considered very harmful to relationships between people.Therefore it is intensely vital to seek a good way to solve the problem.
What's reasons for the phenomenon?As far as I am concerned, there are primary reasons for it.First of all, new technological inventions are so intellect that people rely on it more and more.Secondly, people have more chances to get close to new technological inventions and can afford it due to the radical development of society and economy.So modern life seems like technological life.Last but least, more and more people are of stress, which contributes to the phenomenon that people prefer to pay attention to technology products but to communicate with others in free time.
As we all know, every coin has two sides, so does technological inventions.The original target of these technology products is to help human beings live a better life.However, many persons are on the way to living the life which is lack of human beings communication.Some effective measures should be taken to control it.
A Chinese saying goes, "honesty is gold".
Honesty is one of the traditional virtues of this ancient land with a splendid civilization spinning over 5,000 years.
And those who endow themselves with the ability to be honest are likely to win the respect and reputation in life.
However, taking a looking a look around, we can find many dishonest behaviors too many to list.
Many students cheat in the exams for higher marks and being outstanding students; some corporations produce fake and inferior goods to get more profits; some officials falsify data for higher position.
Dishonesty not only does harm to our daily life, but also creates negative impact on our society.
As far as I am concerned, it is high time for our country to take effective and necessary counter-measures to restore it.
First, strict rules and regulations should be carried out to stop cheating on exams and taxes, even on the production of fake and inferior goods.
Second, a widespread education campaign should be launched to make people realize the importance of honesty.
Last but only least, everyone should hold an honest heart to communicate with others.
Only by this package deal, can we build up a harmonious and healthy society.
When come to this topic, most people may say"yes",and some teachers even think that it is part of their work to give students homework.
I strongly disagree with this view.
According to Collins learner's English-Chinese dictionary, the definition of holiday is"leisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure"or"a day on which work is suspended by law or custom".
Obviously, it is not reasonable to give students homework in holiday.
Now, imagine on vocation, a student is painfully doing his homework, while other people are enjoying some frivolities.
What's more, most of the students had been exhausted after a period of hard study.
After all, a bit of rest is all we need to stay motivated.
Therefore, do homework during the holiday is not only inefficient but also harmful to learning state for the forthcoming period.
Personally, I also have two reasons for why teachers should not give our students homework during the holidays.
First, I think that the review is very important for our students.
In this year's National Day, I want to learn at my own pace.
Usually teachers set the homework according to most students' learning situation.
So, my study is not targeted.
Second, college students should not be confined to the textbook knowledge.
During the National Day, I prefer to read some extra - curricular books.
I also want to participate in social practice, which will help me a lot after my graduation.
Holidays should be colorful and meaningful.
Miss Wu, I really hope you don't give me homework during the holidays.
Hi,Chris.
Let's me tell you my school life.I get up at 6 o'clock.I have breakfast and leave home.I always by bike to school.It take me about 20 minutes.
At school ,I talk about study with my friends before classes.The first lesson starts at 8 o'clock.Our school has eight of subjects.I like maths best.I think it's very interesting.We have some club activities.Such as see a film,play football,recite.It's very interesting.
After school ,I always play basketball with my good friends.And then I have dinner at home.And then I finish my homework.
I am Susan.My best friend is Lucy.We have something different.I have long straight hair,but Lucy's hair is short and curly.I like exercising.And I am better at sports than her.I often help her to practice playing tennis on weekends.But she is good at school work.And she always helps to bring out the best in me.The last difference is that she is more outgoing and funnier than me.She likes to tell jokes to the other and to make them laugh.However,we also have similar places.Both of Lucy and I like reading.We often go to the library together on weekends.And my favorite saying is,"Friends are like books-you don't need too much of them as long as they are good.
If he came to my home,I will take hime to play home lake.
Not only because of it is beauty, and it has a cultural atmosphere.
Big lake an eye hope to go to can not see the end.A read lake there are a lot of flowers, there are many unknown birds .In the summer , my friend and I often went to swim ,in the iake fish .
So in my mind this is the most beautiful lake.
Every time the Dragon Boat Festival ,the lake is hilarious.
people in the lake Dagon boat race.
to the spring festival, the big people to the lack fishing .they catch fish than angone else .lake brings many happy.
I love the hometown of the lake, so I would like to take home lake introduced to him ,let more peopie appreciate the beauty of it.
Should we help others in the need have become a hot topic among people, especially among the young and heated debates are right on their way.
Of course, this is a big problem in our daily life.
Some people suggest that human lost their public spirit.
Along with our country's development and construction become more and more fast, person enjoyed in life and ignored their spirit.
It was adding to human's distrust.
Especially, person picked up the fallen by framing, even compensation.
This more makes people lose confidence.
Persons no longer believed that.
Confronted with the problem, we should take series of effective measure to change it.
No matter when and where, we should be to help as long as he or she needs.
If we still turn a blind eye, so how can we have to say the word "ethics".So we should help others in need and have to do it.
Thanks for asking me about my school life.So,let me tell you something about my school life.
I wake up at half past six,brush my teeth and wash my face,after these I ride my bike to school.When I get school,I eat my breakfast and begin my school day.
The school subjects is very interesting,I like them very much.My favorite class is chemistry.We have it five times a week.
After school,I usually go home quickly.And when I get home ,I eat dinner,then do my homework.
My after-school activity is just class...I don't like it very much.
Charles Dickens was one of the most popular writers of all time.
The defining moment of Dickens's life occurred when he was 12 years old.
With his father in debtors' prison,he was withdrawn from school and forced to work in a factory.The family difficulties and the life hopelessness he saw around him as he was growing up shaped Dickens's view of the world and strongly influenced the subject matter,events and characters that featured in his writing.
He wrote a great number of novels.
Dickens's career as a writer of fiction started in 1833 when his short stories and essays appeared in periodicals.
His Sketches By Boz and The Pickwick Papers were published in 1836.
Oliver Twist also appeared in 1837.
He wrote ten novels over the following twenty-four year's.
All were enormous successes.
In addition to this he continued to be active in journalism.
What is most impressive about Dickens is his astonishing,apparently limitless energy.
He must have been a tiring,if entertaining,companion.
In 1886 his health was beginning to fail.
On 8 June 1870 he suffered a stroke after a full day's work and died the following day.
Wherever there is urban life,there will be violence.
Moving people out of old cities and putting them in new ones does nothing to change the situation.
The planers did nothing to disturb the urban pattern of specialization and impersonality leading to frustration which has been identified.
The only way we can escape from this vicious circle is if we can create circumstances where people feel more in control of their destinies and freer to organize their lives and surroundings.
A step in the right direction in two important ways.
All that can be done by governments is to nudge people gently in the right direction by taking every opportunity to foster a sense of community.
The significant point about these councils is that they were set up by voluntary action.
The suggestions made above for solving the problem of urban violence are obviously not very spectacular.
It follows that, if the circumstances are changed,the mental attitude of violence will only gradually disappear.
I have a lovely bedroom.
There is a big bed in my room.
There is a brown desk in my room.
There are some boxes under the bed.
There are some pens on the desk.
The bed is next to the desk.
The desk is near the window.
I have a big bookcase in my room.
I like reading books very much.
My bedroom is so nice.
In the last hundred years we have seen inventions that have not only greatly improved our lives but changed the way we live.
While there is no way to predict exactly what our scientists and entrepreneurs will come up with in the 21st century, there are indications that advances will be made in certain areas.
First, advances will continue to be made in the field of medicine that will allow people to live longer and healthier lives.
Biotechnology in the field of genetics may someday allow us to develop bodies that are stronger and free of inherited defects.
Second, new technology has already brought people around the world closer.
This trend will continue in the 21st century as communication becomes more efficient and affordable.
Third, we can expect a growing population and demands for a higher standard of living to put increasing pressure on the earth's resources.
We have already seen some of the effects of this pressure in the form of pollution and global warming.
It is likely that these trends will also continue and that more damage to the environment will be done.
On the other hand, perhaps we will find more efficient ways to make use of the available resources or develop alternative forms of energy.
In that case, we may live in better harmony with nature.
On Sunday.We are going to the people's park by all the teachers and students in the school.Visit the east lake in the morning.At noon and then the lake for a picnic and kung fu is produced to visit the Shanghai museum 50points to school at 6 o'clock in the morning.At 7 o'clock.Don't be late and they wear comfortable clothes and shoes,bring your own lunch and drinks,ready to camera.I hope you will be very happy and relaxed.
Recently I have had a discussion about the ways to learn English better with Thomas.
In his opinion,the best ways are reading English newspapers or magazines.
Secondly talking with friends in English is a good way to practice our speaking skills as well.
Thirdly we could also watch English movies and programs to improve our pronunciation.
I quite agree with him I think we can go surfing online,where we can find a lot of information in English to read.
Besides,we can look for a pen pal who comes from an English speaking country.
If you are a slow reader,maybe this piece of advice can help you.
When we are reading we have to read word groups instead of word for word.Finally,learning English grammar well is also a great help.
I think the first English writing class in 2014 is contrary to expectation.
First of all, when I met Mrs Su in the first term, I felt the pressure from the material of her lectures.
She spoke very fast.
But today I felt relaxed to understand her class.
Second, I felt boring when I had the same lesson all the afternoon before.
But today I was enjoyed this class, even though the time past quickly.It's real interesting.
Finally, I though my classmate often wrote the dry writing, but I heard an interesting writing today.
I'm L, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven, in C High Shool.
I'm so glad to know that you are going to study in our class during your exchange study in China.
Let me first tell you something basic and necessary.
Our city, J, is in the north temperate zone.
It's always hot and rainy in summer, freezing and snowy in winter.
Spring and autumn are gorgeous and comfortable.
Generally speaking, the weather here is fine.
Eating exerts an significant role in our daily life, and I beg that you must be curious about the food here in China.
Let me introduce it briefly and I'm sure that you will be obsessed with the Tianjin food.
Tianjin is famous for its local traditional dessert, such like the fried dough twist and the fried rice cake.
People here is not keen on spicy and sour food, so I hope that you could get use to the food here as soon as possible.
Our class is just like a warm family.
There are 32 girls and 9 boys in our class and they are all enthusiastic and interesting people.
We all looking foward to making you adapt to your life here in China.
All in all, we hope that you can consider your school life with us here in China as an enjoyment.
Just share your joy and sorrow with us.
In this way, we can get a cleaer perspective of you and your life in your hometown.
I think this term can be a valuable experience for you and for us.
Yours, L.
It seems to me that the cellphone doesn't fade next to anything else.
With the development, the contact between people has become closer and closer.
Nowadays, people have become extremely inseparable from their cellphones, which are regarded as a main tool of communication in our quick-fix society.
In our lives,mobile phones have become essential items for almost all of us and they have changed our lives.
Imperceptibly, we can find that we are extremely dependent on cellphones.With cellphones, we can call someone, read the news, play games, enjoy music, send short messages, and so on.
As is often the case, when we are in a hurry to find something, we want to call them.
Furthermore, it is familiar for lovers to live in separate places.
In most cases, they use cellphones.
It is more convenient to use cellphones than it is to write letters.
Cellphones make relationships easier to keep.
Furthermore, cellphones allow us to be in step with the development of the world.
We have access to the latest events, the most popular stars' trends, and so on.
There are many factors contributing to this development.
Firstly, a cellphone has no wires and can be easily carried everywhere.
It saves our time.
Secondly, the attractive price and the simultaneous improvement in the functions have lived up to people's expectations for communication.
Last but not least, we are desperate for communication rather than for the cellphone,itself.With it, we can open our minds to any one we can't meet, to any place we can't go, to any corner we can't cover.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of my classments think get online is good for us,because we can get information from the internet ,and we can also broaden our horizons by internet.We can also commulate with our classmates and share information by internet.As well,we canalso relax ourselves online.
But there are also many students think highschool students should not get online frequently because watching the computer for a long time is bad for eyes,and falling in chating and computer games is bad for our study.We may wast time and energy online.
We're glad to inform you that the goods under sales confirmation No.J-29 have been have shipped with "Pearl" cargo ship.And after that,we'll arrange transshipment of the goods with "Mayflower" cargo ship.
This is all about the CIF price.We've sent a fax to you in 15th,March so you that you can insure the goods ASAP.
Nowadays, environment problem is a hot point, and makes all kinds of measures to improve the quality of environment.
Waste sorting is a must, and it is an effective way.
Waste sorting not only relieve the workload for cleaner, but help person understand the significance of the sort of rubbish.
When you want to throw the useless stuff, the first thought is which kind of rubbish you throw, recyclable waste or not recyclable waste.
If you obey the rule, cleaners are more convenient with their work, and it is outstanding behavior.
We live in the same space, everyone should try the best to protect it.
Waste sorting can save resources, the city show the most beautiful face to us.
Reduce the pollution of environment, some rubbish harm for our body, those could lead to death for people or animals, so it can reduce dangerous if we waste sorting.
