There is a couch on the left side of the table.
Sitting here,the throw pillow on your left-handside can help you have a nap on it.
There is an end table on the right side of the couch,on which has a lamp.
The armchair is in front of the end table and it is beside the coffee table.
In the back of the couch, there is a huge French window with purple curtains.
You can see the crowded street outside the window.
Opposite the window,there stands a fireplace,which can make the room warmer in winter.
What's more,on the left side of the fireplace,there is a pink loveseat in the corner.
Just image how romantic it is when you sit here and appreciate the painting on the wall with your lover.
It's Switzerland that I'm always eager to travel.
Lying in the middle part of Europe,Swizerland covers an area of 41000 square kilometres,which has a population of 7.5 million people.It has the famous city in the world called Geneva while Berne is its capital.
Switzerland has a great position,for Austria,France, Italy and Germany are beside it.Being known as "the garden of the world",Switzerland has a gorgerous point of view.It has the most beautiful snowberg on the earth.The air ther is fresh as well as the sky ther is clean.
Besides,watches made in Switzerland are famous to people all over the world.It also owns developed chemistry and food industry.
All in all, my dreams are in Switzerland,where I enjoy the life and the time.
At prensent, learning English is more and more fashion.
Certainly, there are many methods to study English.
In my opinion, in the online learning English is a pleasure thing.
Firstly, you can easily get what you intend to use the search engine.
Secondly, you can take courses online to improve your listening.
Such as listening to English songs.
What's more, you can use English to make new friends.
As far as I'm concerned, I enjoy listening the programmes on the Internet.
Because English programmes are not only good-looking but also can improve my listening.
All in all, learning English online is convenient and let us faster access to relevant information.
Let us work together to appreciate relevant information.
Let us work together to enjoy fun of learing English online.
Since I read The Old Man the Sea, I discovered that I loved it extremely.In this book, the author described an old man who struggled with a big fish, and last he won.But another problem came, there were lots of sharks followed he, because the blood of the Fish.Finally, he beat back those sharks and brought the fish to home, though there were only skeleton.
From this book, an old man impressed me.He tried his best to catching fish, though there were so hard to finish it, and the man won the last win.I was so admired the man, because he was very brave and he never give up whatever the problem he met.
This book is very meaningful, I can learn that there is no one to lose.As a human, you can be destroyed, but you can not be defeated.
College students are the future builders of the country, it is the leader of the whole society, which requires the students not only have rich knowledge , but also has the strong ability of social practical.
But now, the college students the lack of social practice, they will only speak theoretical knowledge, nonetheless is not a strong hand-on ability.
University students to participate in social practice can enrich their university life, make them something to do when they were in university.
Of course, take part in social practice can not only increase students' knowledge , but also to their future employment .
Because society needs now is director -general, ability , needs high level and high quality talents.
In my opinion, shoo ls should lend convenience for college students to participate in social practice.
Can more organizations such as school practice, let students into the society, social experience.
Of course, parents should let their children to participate in social activity, let children do more housework.
Of course, college students should take the initiative to walk into society, more exercises in society.
Literature is the art of language.Is an important manifestation of social culture.But,The students are more and more pressure,They always busy to exam.So the literature gradually forgotten.
In my view,reading literature is very important to everybody.Firstly,reading literary can help cultivate students interest in reading,it can enrich people's life,improve people's reading level.Secondly,reading literature can help to improve students comprehensive ability to us language.For language learners to provide a rich resource.reading more literature,you can understand life style and mental state of a people.Is advantageous to the understanding of long difficult sentences.Lastly,Along with the development of society,the quality of talent has greatly attracted people's attention.Reading literature can help improve people quality.
we can reading more literature,it very important.
My name is C and my hometown is P Province.
There are six people in my family.It includes grandfather,fathe,mother,sister,brother and me.I has long steaight black hair and small black eyes.I'm 160cm tall and people say I'm so slim.Although I'm an quite girl , my hobbies are so many,such as reading ,playing basketball,listening music and so on.It's very improtant for me to learn English well.I hope I can learn English well so that find a good job in the future.Of course,I hope I can get along well with my firend and learn more thing in the school.
The arguments for cloning involve whether we should take nature into our own hands by cloning humans.I suppose that it's quite helpful to use cloning.First,cloning helps couples to have babies they can't have otherwise,which makes couples more happy.Besides,cloning can find methods to treat diseases.It can decrease people's pain.What's more,cloning also increases endangered species's population.It's obvious that cloning can improve the agricultural industry.Last but not least,cloning makes people save much valuable time,which can enable them to do many other things.
In a word,i think cloning can promote the quality of people's life.
I had had some targets as soon as I come in university.
In my imagination, insisting on study is the thing I will do through my school year.
And In the fresh year, I will enjoy the wonderful time: going on well with my roommates and classmates; joining into the school union, society, enjoying something we can only experience in college.
Be a sophomore, I plan to stay in school union and go out the society.
I need to get some certificates, the teacher certification, computer second-level certification, mandarin certification are what I want to attain in this year, but TEM-4 is the most important certificate for me.
As a third year student, first, I will get the TEM-8 certification.
And try to find a school to practice in the fourth year.
In the last year, i will prepare the graduation thesis, and go on practicing, cherish the time with our friends and teachers.
Three months of long wait, I finally started my university life.
Into the gate of the school, feel that the school is really great.
Sisters and brothers whom are very friendly reception we.
To the bedroom, roommates have been to.
After talking, you think they are lovely people, and my temper very well.
Many difficulties are they help me.
Four years, we will live together.
We are one family, and we will be very happy.
The main school building looks very magnificent, at night the full light to shine through.
Many books inside the library, can teach me a lot, the inside of the environment is also very good.Small forest inside the tree a wild profusion of vegetation, looks very lively.
The stone paved road particularly lovely, step up very comfortable.
We still have a large stadium.
All better than I thought.
My university, really good.
Four years, I will be happy to spend.
Come on, dear myself.
Nowdays,more and more emphases are being put on low-carbon lifestyle,and it is more and more popular to initiate low-carbon lifestyle.
To realize low-carbon lifestyle,we must take actions to lower the amount of carbon,because small amount of carbon is the guarantee of low-carbon lifestyle.
As a college student,there are several measures that I will take to realize low-carbon lifestyle.
reduce the release of carbon dioxide.At last,I will gird more people into action with rhetorics,because it needs all citizens efforts!
My father is a man of integrity.He is scrupulous about every specific in my impression.My mother is a kind man.My mother to the house close to the all energy.
My parents are honest and good people.They taught my sister and me to be honest integrity.My parents gave me a lot of freedom,I Feel so relaxing.They have not been exerting a lot of pressure on me for my study.Our family is not very rich but he is very happy.I am under the parents'influence has a happy heart.
I see life need love by my parents.Life is not always smooth or easy.If we show our love and appreciation,We can overcome life difficulty.
To build a good relationship with others in our life, we should be a good listener.
On account of listening,we can know more about those who we love,and who love us .
Parents listen to their kid so that then can understand their kid well and remove generation gap.
Parents can learn about their child's world by listening to their child , instead of objecting to their dreams.
Teachers listen to their students in order to meet students' requirement.
Through listening, teachers can know about what makes their students puzzled to develop a wonderful relationship between teaching and learning.
Classmates listen to their classmates to improve their friendship .
Being a good listener , they can help each other .
On my personal note, to be a good listener, what we need to do is show our respect for talkers.
When listening , don't interrupt others.
Then we should consider things on others' position, so we can understand their puzzlements well.
Be a good listener , you will find a more beautiful world.
Nowadays,more and more students will choose to pursue graduate studies after under-graduating.The reason of appearing the phenomenon is the serious employment pressure and the requirements of high standard toward oneself quality.
Of course,there are lots of benefits for pursuing graduate studies.Firstly,graduate study can improve our intelligence by learning all kinds of theory and professional knowledge.In addition,it will develop and enhance our skills such as verbal and writing skills.Lastly, acquiring a master's degree also be a benefit.
In my view,getting a successful graduate needs suitable ways as following.Above all,it is necessary to combine theory with practice to lay a good foundation for the future employment.Next,we have to plan our graduate's life to take full advantage of the time.
In a word,graduate study is very rewarding and we must cherish it.
In recent years,our atmosphere is going terrible,the steadily rising concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.We don't have enough fresh air,our health is threatened.
There are some factors led to this condition.At the first,in the last few centuries,first coal,then oil and natural gas,have been burned for energy at a rapidly increasing rate.The carbon contained in these fuels ,and is being burned to carbon dioxide and poured into the atmosphere per day.The second,there are too many cars in our city,which exhaust much fumes.The third,to make matters worse,Earth's forests have been disappearing,and in the last couple of centuries quite rapidly.There are so many people cut down the forests.
We can't continue like this,we should do something to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.we must have new sources of fuel that don't involve the production of carbon dioxide,for example,the solar energy.And then,we must save our forests and replant them.Besides, the government should advocate to save energy.
As individuals,we should do something to protect our atmosphere,too.We should be driving less,bus is a kind of good transportation.And we should not cut any trees,we could plant some trees in our leisure time.In order to our survival,do something you can think of.
My college is free, every day can exchange students, their ability to exercise, to become an excellent in character and learning the three good student.
My college is the target of a De, zhi, ti,mei,the common development and thus to enhance their oun cultaral comotation, full make their college before.
I'll put the tearning time and spare time good distribution, make full uae of spare time to participate in social practice,ti join the student conion, in the school art perfrom anceeat, the college had their full.
Foreign language college students will be announced in December 20, 2005 that year the English party will be held on December 31, 2005 ( Saturday) night in the auditorium at 7, singing, dancing, reading programs, drama, game etc..
Welcome to the teachers and students to participate in.
Then the participants would have special gifts.
Tickets available to the office building 308 room to receive.
finished.so we are different from ourselves that we do not stay in the college.
I think that they can not ask themselves to do something, they are free in the college.they can not pian to do the important things,they have forgot what they should do.
So we must solve the plodlem,at first,we should clean our task,our purpose is good job when we live in the society ,the second,reading book is very important to improve our knowledge,finally,we should learn to control our ourselves.
In a word,we must change our unheaithy habits,let us grow up healthy in the college.
My name is L,I like traveling around the world.Here are my two travels.
Last year,I went to London for my summer vacation with my friends.We got there by plane.The weather there was wet.We went to a lot of museums.There were very boring.The food there tasted really bad.What a bad trip it is!
This year was quite different.I went to Beijing with my family.We got there by train.The weather there was very cold.We went to Tian'anmen Square,the Palace Museum and the Great Wall.They were wonderful!We took quite a few photos there.The food there was delicious.I want to go there again.
David Kopofield's father was born in David died six months, David was eight years old, her mother was married to Mr. Moder Stone, and Mr. Moder Stone and his sister are the heart of stone, they didn't like David, always think of ways to abuse of David, will also give the tortured to death for mother.
David's mother died, his father will not let him go to school, and forcing David to do child labor, child labor and David made life more difficult, 6 shillings a week let David save money on food and expenses, he soon runs out, to his rich aunt, aunt and was sent to school, have been a good education.
Although David childhood suffered all kinds of hardships, but he is kind, helpful character has not changed, and he eventually made a happy love.
"David Kopofield" let me know autobiographical writing style, also let me understand only to hone their own, you can succeed.
A mouth has passed since I entered the college.I feel the college is just like a small society.
So I began to think how to have a meaningful college life.
First I think we should study hard and pass the exam.
In the college I feel free.
I think we should join a club which you like.
In the club you can learn something useful.
Then find some real friends.
The friends who you meet in college will give you some valuable help in the future.
Last you should know what you want to do and follow your heart.
If we can do this,we will have a meaningful college life.
In recent years , with the continuous progress of the science and technology , the people are growing knowledge by reading.
It is a question .
Everyone has his owe view .
The first of all , some people think we should read selectively.Because we can spend a lot of time reading too much books.Because the books has so many sorts and easily lead to no purpose of reading.
But others many people not agree.Some people think we should read extensively.We can grow knowledge by reading.
At same times,let us incease intertest in the world and make for communicate with other people.
In my opinions, we should read extensively.
Because only reading too much book , we can study hard and make progress every day.
Do you have a love of reading?A lifelong habit can start young.This passage recalls just such an upbringing,one that laid the beginnings of not only a love of reading but also on the outstanding career as a writer.
The whole piece of the article is about the book of the author's life.Firstly,Welty's mother read to her when she was very young and developed in her a strong love for books.Secondly,Welty's parents did all they could to help her start reading on her own.This further stimulating her interest in reading.Thirdly,Reading has enabled Welty to hear a voice when reading or writing,which is very helpful in her writing career.
This article writing style is the exposition,and it's very delicate.In one hand,the author make a point of vividly describing books' physical characteristic;In the other hand,about the story of a child to express the importance of books in his lifetime.Knowledge is power.Well,children should cultivate interest in reading from an early age,for which parents should do.
All in all,of just want to tell us books are giving him a lifetime benefit.However,we can also become the benefit of the book.Books are my lifelong friends,and you?
Every country has their special characteristics which may be a signal or view or dance.
Business person would turn these characteristics into souvenirs which easy to let foreigners bring back their country or when local people visit other country can give to others as presents.
Taiwan is celebrated for its diversity, especially in foods.
If let me choose one thing to represent Taiwan when I go abroad to show others.
Pineapple Cakes will definitely be my first choice.
There are three reasons why I choose Pineapple Cake.
First of all, the flavorsome taste will surely make foreigners memorable.
Tasty, sweet and keeping well, they are well suited to serve as a representative product of Taiwan.
Moreover is easy to carry and to eat.
Not especially sweet or moist, they can remain fresh for 15 days without preservatives.
The last is the pineapples used to fill these cakes are mostly grown in southern and central Taiwan.
The supply is stable that is very vital.
The Taiwanese word for pineapple sounds like prosperity arrives.
Pineapple Cakes absolutely symbolize both Taiwan and wealth.
It's the best choice to represent Taiwan.
With the development of society.More and more young people frequently change their jobs.
Different people have a different view.
Some people think that the previous work have no a good working environment .The work can not be in a good mood.some people can't get along with their former colleagues.So they feel unhappy.most people think previous salary is too low .The salary can not meet the needs of life .Some people don't have good working attitude and so on.
I think they should learn more to be up to a tougher and discover the intersection of love advantage and value.Contrary,because of young people's excellent a daptability,job hopping brings more fresh ness and opportunities than difficulties and pressure Despite all the advantages,the drawbacks can not be neglected.
From the diagram above, we can know with the time processed, the percentage of college students taking part-time jobs has risen sharply, and experienced a change from scratch.
First, as we know, with the development of the China's economy, post of duty becomes various.
So students can also get a job.
Second, the people's thought also changed, they need adapt to the development of society.
College students have to get some experiences from the part-time job.
Third, nowadays University courses more flexible, so students have time to do a part-time job.
The last, the number of college students increase also affect the data.
First,we must be determined to protect our earth,such as save our forests and even replant them.Second,in order to prevent global warming,we can search of new sources of fuel that don't involve the production of carbon dioxide such as solar energy,the energy of waves,tides ,wind and the Earth's interior heat.Most of all,there is the direct use of solar energy.What's more,it is essential for government to call on everybody to protect our earth.
And then,as a individual on the earth,we must strength our mind that we should try our best to stop global warming.we can begin from ourselves and start from little things.In order to our blight future,Let's take action at once.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.As we all know,one coin has two sides.The same way be true of private car.It also has its benefits and harm.
On the one hand,It's one of the most comfortable and convenient means of transportation.You can go wherever you like in time instead of rushing in the crowed bus.What's more,there is no doubt that private cars will have a great impact on the economic growth.The rapid car industry growth will contribute much to keeping the country's economy growing at a higher rate in the near futrue.
On the other hand,The development of the private cars will bring about a series of problems.For example,the cars' exhaust leads the problem of Global Warming.And the polluted air given off by cars will do great harm to our health.Furthermore,private cars will result in many originally evitable traffic jams or road accidents once the private cars are not correctly drived.
As my opinion,private cars definitely benefit us.However,we need to consider the problem that causes from cars.After all,recognizing a problrm is the firet step in finding a solution.We should looking for new energy replaces gas in order to ease the environment situation.In the long term I think we should contral the number of cars.
Altogether,we should not throw away an apple for its core.As long as we take several feasible measures to enhance the management of private cars,we will make the most of the them.
Billion tons of pollutant are let off into the air each year, which worsen the increasing serious environmental pollution around the world.
Life will be gravely affected unless we take measures to deal with this issue.
In my point of view, driving should be taken placed.
First, people usually drive private car when they go out.
However, the more cars the road have, the more pollution the planet will have.
The car emission a lot of pollutant, without which the air will become fresher.
Second, driving will pose a great threat to the personal health.
People nowadays doesn't like to exercise on average and driving also does harm to their bodies so that they will become weaker and weaker.
What's more, replaced driving will be conducive to improving traffic problems.
It's more beneficial to the planet if the driving taken placed of the walk or riding.
Therefore, we must choose to replace the car with a firm hand.
Environment to us is what water is to fish.
We should take good care of our planet first then we live better.
After few weeks of study, we learned the unit 1,Presenting a speech.
Now, I'm going to make a summary for my study to the unit 1.
Unit 1 has two lessons,lesson 1 includes listening and speaking,lesson 2 includes reading and writing.
In the first lesson, we made a speech about the benefits of superhighways in China.
We were divided into 7 groups, each group has three or four people who together to prepare for the speech, some are assigned to collect data, some writing speeches, some do PPT, and so on.
We do what we should do,and we completed the speech excellent.Then, in the first lesson, we also listen to a short essay, the Mississippi River in America.
This passage is mainly talking about the origin of the Mississippi River, length, and four kinds of methods of flood control,flood ways,dams,levees and reservoirs.
We do the written exercises through listening to the passage.
In the second lesson,we learned an article.
This article is about presenting an effective speech.
As you all know, a speaker should to use language clearly, accurately,vividly and appropriately.
In this article, the author also suggests that making a necessary preparation, training some speech skills, such as use proper language in a specific environment,use language accurately,clearly,vividly.Then,the author also says that the speaker's imagery is also very important, at least to wear clean and tidy.Finally,the author mentioned that the speaker's facial expressions, body language,eye contact are key factors.
I learned a lot about how to make presenting a speech thought study this text.
All in all,we learned the unit 1 already.
This is my summary of unit 1.
In the recent years,the food safety is troubling in today's society.Like the illegal cooking oil .
the tainted milk and the chemical additives.More and more food safety problems appear in people's life.And it's serious influence of our normal life.
The reason why so many foods safety incidents .I think the most Important reason is the one word : benefits.When the people face the two choose:one is get the maximum benefits from abandon the integrity;another is the opposite.I think they choose the former,they choose the benefits and abandon the integrity.So they get more and more money ,and more and more people who believe them because the choose to face the dead.
Yes, I believe that the choose is really difficultly but I want to tell the company that when you take a choose think more your customers who believe you so much,please.And all of the company which have some achievements is take the integrity in the first.
So we have no way to change the people make choose in the temptation of interest,wo should strengthen ourselves in the food safe.Like take care of the news what about the food safety and the food's guarantee period at any time .
I think only look out for yourself is the best way to solve the food problem.
Nowadays,we often hear people's complains about academic dishonesty.As the socialist education in China is improving,quality of education is becoming more closely related to the issue of honesty.
First,dishonesty puts a heavy burden on every campus.Second,some students rely on the reference books too much,which is unfavorable to the improvement of their ability to work out the solutions for themselves,causing academic dishonesty problems.For example ,if most students cheat in the exam,those upright students will suffer great inequity and might lose the enthusiasm to continue their studying,which in turn influences Chinese education.The prevalence of academic dishonesty is a problem in our society.As a general rule,people like to help each other,but there are occasions when you shouldn't hesitate to say"no".Good study habits are essential if one wants to perform well.
Considering the above-mentioned,I think importance should be attached to the issue of academic dishonesty.On no account should we cheat.Only through measure which strict to ourselves could the dishonesty problem be solved fundamentally.
to pay attention to。Don't know AIDS disease would be so terrible。Today I know that AIDS is so evil human virus。Look at that one as thin child and adult,It is in Africa,Presumably we all know that Africa is a place。know that one AIDS patients live, obviously theyeverybody was waiting for death to come, but inside they probably also in fear.
I think it is a classic proverb which our teachers and parents often told us in our youth.
At first, I am not able to comprehend its meaning well, but with the age growing, I gradually realize its potential meaning-"An opportunity is just for those who get well prepared.
Around us, whenever the examinations are over, some people always complain to me that he thinks he is cleverer than other people,but why they can take a better score than him.
In fact, in the back of those people's success, they paid a great deal of effort.
They listened to teachers carefully in classes while you're talking to others.They don't go to bed until twelve o'clock while you have fallen asleep.
Usually, we can't aware of the importance of efforts until we fail just because we haven't got ready for this.What a shame result!
In a word, only study hard and make adequate preparations ,we can reach the aim which we expected at first.
A harmonious family is important to our personal development and our physical and mental health.
A harmonious family was full of warmth, love and laughter.
We should loving, respect and understand each other.
I think living in harmonious family is good for children with upward optimistic.
Living in harmonious family, the parents will be very healthy and happy.
The parents should be a role model for their children and pay more attention to their own words and behavior parents should respect and understand students.
as the children of family.
We should respect our parents.
Tomorrow is my brother's birthday .I am looking forward to it for long a time .I like eating cream cake very much .
I will buy a gift for him .I am not good at selecting gift .Most of gift I bought does not accepted .Next Saturday ,he will become a bridegroom.His home has a Schnauzer, his pet dog.
So buy a toy Schnauzer, maybe he will like it.
In the afternoon ,I go to a gift shop, I see a cute toy Schnauzer.
I come near it,and then touch it.It's very soft .
"Eighty yuan .
" Welcome to my shop again.
Next ,I go home looking forward to the arrival of tomorrow.
According to the investigation, the money spent by university students is in a rapid growth.
Not only the better and better family conditions, but also some students' poor financial awareness and some students' heavy mind of rivalry lead to this phenomenon.
Some university students who pursue fashion may buy many clothes to dress themselves in beautiful clothes.Their clothes may not be expensive, but must be in a huge number.
Some students who like to eat things may spend much money on all kinds of food.
Some students who purse name brands will buy costly clothes, wallets, shoes and so on.
And some boys may spend much money in buying things for their girlfriends.
As far as I am concerned, we should keep a report of daily expenses to know where we spend our money and in which respects can we save money.
We shouldn't have the thoughts of comparison with others who can use good things.
What we should do is buying what we really need to live a happy life.
Last Saturday our school organised us went to a cinema to see a documentary movie.
The movie is about the people who work with the South Water TO North Project and immigrants who had to move from their hometown because of this project.
It shows how many difficulties they faced and how hard they worked.
They had dedicated so much that everyone was moved.
Many people shed tears although they thought it would be boring and dull.
This film really impressed me a lot because my father and uncle's job was similar to them.
My uncle is a highway engineer and my dad works with the railway.
In my uncle's career, he was always busy with his projects and hardly had time to go home to accompany my aunt and cousin until he retired.
And my dad could never have a rest in the weekends.
So I understand the people who works like them and I really admire them--their spirit of self-sacrifice.
The movie will make a profound impression in my heart forever.
In the past few days, our class had a popular topic about the beauty contest should be held among teenagers.
Some students think everyone has love beauty in common.
The beauty contests provide a stage about showing beauty and admire beauty.
It is important to improve teenagers' admire beauty ability.
For example , choosing the suitable clothes for impotent occasions.
Other students think pay more attention on appearance is wrong.
and as for senior high school students ta take part in the contests not only waste money but also waste their time.
As far as i am concerned , i think beauty contests should not be held among teenages.
Because the important thing you should do now is study hard , making your dream come ture , instead of seeking appeared beauty.
Mobile phone is gaining increasing popularity and to be further embedded into our daily life.We benefit much from mobile phone,but there are some defects that we cannot ignore.
Mobile phone plays an important role in our life.It is like the bridge that connects the two ends.
family and friends, it is the essential instrument for communication,when we can not face to face talk.we can talk each other about something that we want to know,and we can tell them our own situations as soon as possible.When we find that there are something that we do not want to speak for some reasons,we can send messages to people with the mobile phone.Mobile phone brings convenience and great changes in our life.
Meanwhile mobile phone is like the coin that has two sides.Mobile phone has bad effect on our life that troubles us.Sometimes we will have to answer some phones that we do not want to answer for some reasons.Seriously ,some people will spread rumours and false information with the phones.And even some people will cheat individules,which seriously disturbs us.
From my perspective,we should make full use of the advantages of mobile phone and try our best to avoid its defects.And there should be more relevant regulations to bind the usage of mobile phone.
I am sorry you are having trouble in making friends.
However, the situation is easy to change if you take my advice.
If you do this, you will find some classmates with the same interests.
And it's easier for you to communicating with them.
Second, you should join in discussions and show interest in other people's ideas.
Then you can get to know different people and let them see you are friendly.
But if you don't, you shouldn't feel afraid to say.
Thirdly, it would be a good idea if you often help other when people are in trouble.
By doing this, people will believe you are a kind boy, they will be glad to make friends with you.
I wish you will find these ideas are useful.
With the development of the society,the travel industry is more important.Many people like traveling with their family or friends in the holiday.Todays ,the University Campus become a new tourist spot to the people.
The people hold different attitudes towards that issue of the University Campus be open to tourists.On the one hand.Some people contend that proved have many advantages to the economic development.They think opened the University Campus to Tourists is also beneficial to the Universitys development,because that bring so many money and chance to the University .
However ,there are also some others who contend that shouldn't opened University Campus to tourists.The campus opened to tourists it will influence the students study,sometimes the tourists will pollution the campus environmental,there is not good to students.
There is a good side and bad side to everything.Without expection,Opened to University Campus to tourists has both advantages and disadvantages.
But in my mind ,I stand on side of the latter opinion that shouldn't opended University Campus to tourists.Because opened University Campus to tourists it must be brought many problems to the University education.
Every students need peaceful and quiet-environment in order to study.
In recent years, an increasing number of university graduates find it difficult to find a satisfying job.
The four-year period in university is significant for us to build our own characters which can lead us to the path of success.
In my point of view, activeness is the most important personal quality.
To begin with, activeness is an indispensable part of study.
Different from a middle school, we enter a university to expand our knowledge that is not available in the textbooks.
Plus, nobody will scrutinize what we have done in the university.
We take the initiative to expose ourselves to the world of our major.
Many people believe that four-year is long enough to learn more, but as I see it, it's too short for us to become a competent person.
In order not to waste the time, it is necessary for us to consolidate the expertise which may be requisite in our future jobs.
What's more, activeness not only plays an important role in study, but also it will benefit us in work.
The reason why we spend so much time studying is that we all want to find a good job.
As times changes, we always need to update our knowledge so as to meet the requirements for our desired jobs.
In no circumstances does an employer intend to hire a passive person.
In this case, if we are not aware of the importance of motivation, we will absolutely abandoned by the market.
Last but not least, having an active attitude will also contribute to our lives.
Regardless of how we perform in our study or jobs, activeness plays the most essential part in our daily lives.
As young university students, we may be faced with many obstacles.
However, as long as we hold a positive attitude, we will ultimately find ourselves stronger.
In addition, being active in communicating with our families, friends and colleagues can inject vitality into life and make it more wonderful.
To sum up, the first quality university students should possess is to be active and positive.
Life is not always smooth and beautiful, we may make mistakes as well, but if we can learn from them, and keep positive and optimistic towards them, the gains are immeasurable.
Therefore, I hold a firm belief that university students should foremost learn to be active.
Pleased through the unremitting endeavor,I finally entered the university.I think the university where we gain knowledge and life for our next four years or longer.This is very importance and we must see clear why we go to college.I think study is most important for our university life.Moreover students society is importance,too.They can make us have a lot of friends.You need make good relationship with dormitory pupils.
We need make a good plan for our study.Can't always play until finish our university life.Take an active part in students society.We will have a good life.
The ways of expressions means different things to different people.
It is always hard for people to determine others' true attitudes and intentions.
People have a great variety of ways to express, however, the motions they express may be true or false, polite or rude.
Actions and words are always two main means for people to show their attitudes and intentions, while as I've learned from my own experience and the well known news, the actions can always reveal a person or a group's true attitudes and intentions.
Companies and factories always advertise for their products; they advertise on TV, newspapers, magazines and so on, which can bring them more customers and earn more money.
However, some of those advertisements are only what they say in oral; what they do is always on the opposite side.
There is a case in point.
Sanlu Company, a Chinese milk power factory, used to have very good reputation among and public.
Parents of the little babies were always willing to buy its products; they had very great advertisements showed on TVs, which led much more people to buy their products.
However, what they said was exactly opposite to what they did.
They promised that they would help babies have better health and grow up happily.
But they added melamine, a kind of chemical substance, poisonous to health, to their milk powder products.
And at last, lots of babies were food poisoning by these products, even some of the babies died.
Sanlu Company was punished by government at last.
In this case, people are shown that words cannot reveal others' true intentions, the actions are always the best to show.
This concept can also be illustrated through my personal experience.
As I've learnt from my own experience, actions are much better to reveal others' intentions and attitudes than words.
Teachers always regard those students who claim that they have already done their homework but left at home as the students who do not finish their homework.
Because what they said cannot prove their actions enough.
And also there are some situations that students failed their exams and promised that they would study hard to have good grades.
However, those words were always what they said, they would not try harder as what they said.
These simple normal instances can exactly show that actions can always reveal others' true intentions and attitudes than words.
In this summer vacation, according to academy's arrangement as intern student we all came to the fire station.
Everyone came to the nearest fire station.
We must finish our goals in three weeks.
When I had finished last term, I came to Linyi fire prevention.
I took a day to accompany my family.
Afterwards, I put on my green uniforms and drove to the fire station.
First of all, I put my baggage to my dormitory.
I settled down in new surroundings.
In the fire station, I got along well with many soldiers.
Some soldiers were younger than me.
Everyday we would have military training including running, jumping and basketball and I would have training with them.
In addition, there were three fire trucks in this fire station and they were special soldiers.
I could seize the opportunity to learn something that makes a difference.
Then, as a common soldier I spent three weeks in this fire station.
After living and exercising in these days, I really fall in love with solders and this fire station, because they must prepare for setting out all the time no matter they are sleeping, eating or anything else.
They are full of spirit and energy in every battle.
When they finished their work, they are tired but pleased and they long to have a rest.
The three-week internship is not long but meaningful.
I also make friends with many soldiers.
What's more, I learn duty and tire as a fireman in future and I will study hard.
the table before he or she go to the restaurant.Following is the advantages :For restaurants,it is helpful for making clear the number and names of guests,and also for guaranteeing the efficiency and quality of service work.And it is helpful for making prepare before the guest come in.For customers,the guest could eat the meal immediately when they are going to the restaurant.And the guest need not wait the table,especially during peak times or crowded.
Reservation may generally fall into five categories:spot reservation,communication reservation,instruction reservation,voluntary reservation and entrustment reservation.Spot reservation is that the guest go to the hotel to have a conversation with the people concerned in the hotel and pay come cash in advance.Communication reservation is that a guest makes a reservation by mail,telex or telephone and so on.Instruction reservation is the one of having dinner after meeting for governmental organizations.Voluntary reservation is an active way by which employees in a hotel go out to call on their guests on their own initiative so as to expand the market.Entrustment reservation implies that a guest entrusts an employee in a hotel or other people with making a reservation on his or her behalf.
Fifthly,confirm the reservation;finally,looking forward.
In my opinion,the restaurant had better make a message to the guest who had made a reservation to confirm it.And call the guest when the time will arrive.
Hello, every new students,welcome to our school.
All of you might be very excited in the college life,but it seems that somebody is worried about the new life.
Well,take it easy,keeping a good mood can be confident about everything,so do remember smile at every time.
And then try to make new friends as long as someone is also willing to know you.
Gradually,according to these friendly behaviors,annoyance flies quickly.
What would you do when you have a bad mood that maybe it is because of the new school rules?Will you can not eat or sleep well?Do not worry,every new students first come to a new school have a period to adjust to the life,trying to take a walk on the park to enjoy the nature or make a phone call to parents and friends.
With the time going by,do not be lazy for your study,learning would enrich your life so that you can adjust to the new life as quickly as possible.
Besides, there are several of associate activities in college, and there is always an associate activity you are interested in, and I think that do what you love to do never make you be bored and then you would love the college life.
The passage is vivid, makes me fell relaxed.
The advice is useful for freshman.
It is a unforgettable day that I saw something so touch me that I would always keep in my mind forever.
Then, I was on my way to my home from the school.
I heard a big sound "Boom".
And than, the house which was next to me begin to be on fire suddenly.
Although it was very atonish me, I also tried to let me calm down and called to the fire station.
Firecrackers coming very quickly, trying to control of the fire at once.
All of a sudden, a woman with her kid by her side were on the fourth floor which was very close to the fire.
At that time, An firecracker flash into the house.
After about ten minutes, he catch the woman and kid out of the house safely.
Everyone was cheering to the brave firecracker.
This story really touch me.
If I see someone need help, I will help him without hestiation.
Our country begins to carry out the policy that prevents smoking in public buildings since January 1st 2011.
The main ain is to make every public room have no smoke by posting the sign of preventing smoking.
There are approximately 350 million smokers all over the world,in which the male hold 75 percent and female smokers occupy about 25 percent.
Because of these smokers, about 540 million non-smokers are influenced.
What's more, thus the second-hand smoke, more than 100 thousand people died per year.
As a college student who has two years to learn skills and konwledge before graduating from school, i have my own ideas about the issuses that what jobs do college gradutes want to take.We can see that the majorityof the gratudes prefer working in big and developed cities,taking on jobs with higher salaries,but not all of them can really attain this goal.Actually ,many gratudes devoted themselves to jobs which they don't enjoy even don't be satisified with at all.The sign that many gratudes take part in jobs which are not raleated to course they major in college can be seen every working areas.
Traditonaly girls takes on jobs that are easy or they always do servicely work.By the contrst,boys are more likely do jobs which need more strenth and time.With times goes on ,there are some differences between the past and today.Girls also do jobs which are only belong to boys inthe old days ,such as engineers.
AS a word ,every gratudes has the right to choose his jobs .What they should do is to choose the jobs that are best matching to them.Find the proper job ,then do hardly for it .
We're grouping with cooperative to learn English this new term.
But different people have quite different view on this idea.
It is held by some people that it is easy to adopt this idea.
However, it is hold by others that it can't adopt this idea.
Those who hold the first opinion think that the idea can promote the friendship between classmates, and drive the class atmospheres, also.
In contrast, those who hold the opposite view think that grouping is unreasonable.
Because students will chat and play that affect the classroom discipline.
As far as I am concerned, I agree with first opinion.
First, group discussion, can put our ideas together, and help each other improve learning.
Second,increase the understanding between students, make us know each other a lot.
The most important of all, the idea cultivate the tacit understanding between each other,that make progress together.In conclusion, I hold the idea group cooperative learning good.
In recent years,with the improvement of living standards, "blog" is gradually known and used by an increasingly number of person.
In terms of its popularity,I think,the main reasons are as follows: in the first place,as we know,blog is just like diary,which can record our experience.What's more,compared with diary,it can protect our privay better.In the second place,blog is a good way to broaden our horizon and to make more friends who have the same interests with us.
However,at the same time,there are also many problems in the blog.For instance,because of its virtual,some false information and malicious speculation will inevitably happen.Sure,sometimes,it even does harm to somebody's heart.In addition,it also can weaken the trust between one person and the other.
In a word,as a newly sprouted thing,blog has both strength and weakness.So,what we should do is to avoid its weakness and try to take good use of strength.Only in this way,can blog be a benieficial tool for us.
Retirement age has always been concerned by company and people related, for there is still a burning issue of how old should be an optimal age of retirement.
Though increasing companies tend to encourage their high-level employees to retire at the age of 55, the others hold the opposite attitude.
According to an investigation recently by China Daily of high-level employees group,78% people inclined to retire at the age of 55.
People who support this attitude to give some the following reasons.
For one thing, from the company's perspective, encourage the high-level workers retiring at the age of 55 should be reduced the circulation of company cost and provide opportunities for the new generation.
As far as we know, high-level employees with high capacity commonly cost much.
An 87% year-to-year jump in Sina's operating costs in the second quarter is attributed in part to increased personnel costs for the salaries of high-level employees.Currently, high-level staffs held primary roles and attained the more opportunities in their field.
There is a contradiction that the latest generation needs more opportunities to shape their abilities and then can take charge of the position as soon as possible.
In addition, from the employee's perspective, they will have more time to the pursuit themselves inner yearnings and to support their aging parents carefully.
People can imagine easily that high-level employees commonly under extreme pressure at work and have no time to attempt what they really want.
For modern person, the age of 55 is relatively not too old and most of them have a quite good health condition.
Therefore they have a capability to achieve their dreams and staying with their parents.
In brief, high-level staffs who retiring at the age of 55 contributed to provide more chances for the new generation and ease the burden on the company.
Meanwhile, retired employees will have more time to accompany aging parents and achieve their innermost desires.
This is vital to the current construction of a harmonious society.
Our campus may exist some problems because our campus isn't built completely.
I think our school should build a indoor stadium to improve our body.
In the campus, we have much free time, we can go to library or go shopping.
However, we must pay more attention to our physicial.
As the saying gose: The body is the capital of revolution.
Our school should build a indoor stadium to improve students' physical as soon as possible.
In my opinion, good body helps us better learning.
Best friend is the person who you want to share happiness and sadness.If you achieve a great success,he will be with you and enjoy the joy of success with you.If you get frustration caused by failure,he also will be with you and encourage you actively.
Here are typical examples of my own experiences.At the second semester of Grade One,I sign on the National Compter Ranking Examination.While making the necessary preparations,I pass the exam finally.I tell him the result by short message immediately.He is encouraged and appraise me.
Also, the life without failure is nor perfect life.We should learn from failure.At the same time,I do not get enough marks for my writing course.When I know that,I feel very lost and doubt my ability to learn.At that time,he comes to me and help me.So at the next semester,I pass it smoothly.But for his help,I can not pass easily,I think.That is what we called misfortune tests the sincerity of friends.
So best friend is the person who will go through troubles with you.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I was excited as well as worried.
I was excited because I had become a student in a high school.
Also ,I did't know what the teachers and classmates was like,so I was worried.
When I got to school, I found everyone was so friendly to me.
They said hello to me and smiled at me.
Suddenly ,I didn't feel nervous but very comfortable instead.
We talked with each other and had a good time.
When I left for home, I didn't worry about anything,and I believe I will be happy in my high school life.
The best way to make campus life more colorful is to get ourselves a lot of meaningful things to do.First,it is good for us to join some clubs which we are interested in.As the old saying goes interest is the best teacher,we are more likely to make progress by doing what we prefer.On the other hand,getting together with a group of people who have the same interest with us makes our life more interesting.Second,reading various books is necessary.We can experience different lives and get useful information from all kinds of books,which enrich ourselves and make us knowledgeable and wise.Rich in knowledge,we can live a remarkable campus life.Last but not in the least,taking part in more activities make our life more wonderful.Activities,like English Corner,enable us to make more friends so that we can learn from each other and make improvements together.
Nowadays more and more people are faced the job related stress,how to deal with the job related stress.I want to talk about the part of that how to succeed in a job interview.
The function of interviews in hunting for a job is to assess the applicants and select the best candidate for the position.Sometimes,this can be a difficult task for the interviewer if there are a lot of well qualified people to choose from.
There are many factors candidates must be aware of if they are going to achieve success,maybe one of the most important factors is the applicant's appearance.First impressions do count and,if the interviewer does not get a good impression at the start,you are behind the others from the beginning.The way applicants behave is definitely a way to chalk up marks.
Behavior is reflected in one's confidence and honesty in replying to questions.The candidate's ability,experience and knowledge will be set out in their resume but interviewer will confirm what is written is,in reality ,true.
Attending an interview is all about selling yourself;being able to convince the interviewer that you are the best person for the job.To do this you need to be confident,enthusiastic,genuine and sincere while demonstrating any special benefits you can bring to the job.
Thanks for your email.
I like being on the computer so much, because I can play computer games and send emails on the computer, and I also can design my own website.
of course, my mom and dad don't know anything about computers.
They think computers are bad for my eyes, and when I play the computer, they always told me to stop looking at screen.
I Think you are so poor you only can play computer for only one hour one day.
Maybe you can tell your parents that computer is very important in our lives.
They maybe would let you play the computers for maybe three hours.
Thanks for your email.
The Board of Trustees of Beijing Sport University made three financial decisions in last night's meeting, including a tuition increase, a budget of a sport arena, and a refusal to the renewal of cameras in Fine Art and Design departments.
The Board first voted to increase tuition by 3 percent, and declared it effective at the beginning of the next academic year.
The student government representatives were extremely critical of the tuition proposal.
More than 35 people spoke during the three and a half hours of debate about this single issue.
After that, a contract to build a new 2,000-seat sports arena was approved.
According to the contract, the arena would be built at the cost of $153 million, and the whole construction would be funded from both state and federal monies, as well as alumni contributions.
The approval of the budget was equally controversial as the tuition increase.
Students, faculty and community representatives looked equally divided on it, for and against.
The third decision was a rejection to a $250,000 request by the Fine Arts and Design departments for new photo-video cameras and computer processing units.
Similarly, it was met by the hoots and catcalls from representatives again.
The disorder had already begun before the meeting started.
More than 400 people showed up for the meeting, and the constant-coming students caused a chaos which led the arrival of the city fire marshal.
The meeting site was later ordered to move to Memorial Hall Audition, where larger number of people could have their seats.
Even so, there were still 200 people coming, forming a capacity crowd in the Hall.
Begun at 8 pm, the meeting adjourned at 3 am the next morning.
Members of the board had no comment as they left the building to the jeers of about 50 students who stayed until the meeting's end.
I am sorry to see these pictures.
I'm feel very sad and uncomfortable, I don't know how to help them, but I hope that them can gain happiness and health , though it is difficult to come true.
In my oppnion ,the most unlucky is that many children die from AIDS, because in my heart every child is angel and them must be have happy and health and edcuation , etc.
I wish those people who suffer from AIDS can live in the world with healthy body and heart .
I appeal to people who live in the beautiful world can help those unlucky people , Because we are the world and we are family.
Last week, our class saw a movie called Frankenstein.
It is very interesting.
It's an American movie directed by Steph Lady.
The movie starred Helena Bonham Carter, Kenneth Branagh and Aidan Quinn.The film tells the story about a young chemist created a large and ugly monster, because it's very ugly, the monster isn't accepted by people.Then,the monster started to get Frankenstein,and killed all his families and loved ones.
Frankenstein very popular.It has brought millions of dollars,although the film crew had died,the monster is still active on the screen.
In general, this is a very interesting movie to watch.
Winter was approaching,so the leaves of the trees on the wane.
Before winter, mother left withered leaves collected, ready to use in winter.Insignificant squirrel also prepared for nuts for winter.As for me, imagine the white snow in the winter sit in the yard, looking forward, looking forward to her coming soon.
Although not in the winter, the weather has been cold at night.
Has a thick quilt over the evening, when get up in the morning, only feel cool, winter really is near, also means that people entering a year end, winter no longer far is the Spring Festival was approaching, busy for almost a year, and people are looking forward to reunion.
Today was the first day of my new life.I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.I was excited as well as worried.
I felt very excited because I thought I will have a new school life,but I was not sure about myself in my new school as well.So I also felt worried about it.But when I met the new classmates and teachers on the morning in the new term,I didn't felt nervous any more,because it was so kind of them that I enjoyed life at school very much.
When I was a Freshmen,I was totally in a lost.Everything was new to me,people,knowledge,environment and so on.I was really confused and didn't know what to do.Especially the method of learning was quite different from high school.Everything was measured by yourself.Teachers would never check your assignment,it totally depend on yourself.But now I was used to the University study.So what I want to say is that don't be afraid of the new things,maybe you will be confused but you can get over it soon.And the University study depend on yourself,teacher will not check it.Therefore,self-control and self-study are very important in University.Besides,I think the library is a good place to study,you should often go there.In a word,don't think University is a place to relax or play,it's a place to study and briden your horizen.
When you become a college student,have you said thank you to your parents?When we are longer ,the more we say thank you to parents have become less and less .Why is this?The first aspect is that as we age .we are unable to express gratitude to parents like when I was a child.we become shy.
foreign parents,conservative and thanks for children would be more shy.
My personal suggestion is that when parentspay for us,we dont mean a thanks ,so that parent will be very pleased.
We're living in a word which low-carbon lifestyle is becoming more and more popular.As the economy is developing really fast,in order to have a sustainable development,the government attaches much importance to the low-carbon emission.
The low-carbon lifestyle refers to low pollution,low energy consumption and low emission .
It means to save more natural resources aim at limiting the burning of fossil fuels and coals.
As we college students, we should form a good habit to support this idea.For example,instead of using the one-off chopsticks,we can take our owns when eating outside.Besides,doing some outdoor activities is better than staying at the dormitory surfing the internet.Also,it's essential to carry our own bags when shopping,for only one plastic bag may cause much pollution.There are still a lot of things we should do in our daily life,use your eyes and heart to help protect our beautiful earth.
lt is not easy for most students to be a top student,but l think it is quite possible if you are willing to make great efforts.
Secondly,it is really important to grow on a good habit,man who succeeded all have a good habit!Thirdly,you need establish an aim for youself to strive.
I want to be a top student,so i must do more practise.I am not good at geography,i need to practise more often and listen to teacher more carefully.I also don't well in Maths,i think i have to practise more often too.
I also must be very very polite, helpful and thoughtful.I think i can be a top student soon.
Recent years a growing number of American venture capital and private equity have set up shop in Europe.Europe offers interesting,albeit challenging,opportunities to companies outside silicon valley.Advanced research in areas such as telecommunications and biotechnology are their favourite areas.
Most of the American VCs target the European market with a dedicated fund.Different countries have different cultures and companies must acknowledge this point ,only in this way can they succeed.
The VCs is gorwing steadily and we will see a very impressive number of global companies to be born in Europe.Although Europe is on the right track to create the right culture for VC,the are still some obstacles the need to be removed.
As every coin has two sides, society advances rapidly, which soars the gap between rich and poor, and looking for a good job of gender discrimination and so on.
The crimes against female college students there form time to time in the school.
Reasons are as follows.
Firstly, some crimes begin to believe that young girls are easier to close to, as well as they are easier to be cheated,because they're lacking of experience and safety awareness.
Secondly, under the impact of the market economy, most of the humanity of the dislocation and changes in the values and morals.
These depraved men make themselves money worship as a kind of satisfaction.
The excessive pursuit of material enjoying even giving up the individual's basic moral, betray their body and soul.
In my view, our happiness and realization should depend on individual struggle.
In one word, nobody can do anything to hurt others, especially for about twenty years school girls.
In the past time, China is a very poor and very corrupt country.
Chinese live a very hard life.
Many people die for the hungry or wound.
But since 1949 which year the People's Repubic was found.
China's economic is recovering day by day.Many people live a rich and comfortable life.
But some people still lack money and food.
I think I should do something for this.
The power of a man is tiny, but the power of the public is huge.
My dream is to become a volunteer.
I hope to help the people who in hungry and children who can't go to school.
I want to teach the children.
Knowledge is the power.
So I hope they can change their destiny by studying.
I know I must study hard and earn lots of money so that I can help them.
I'm confident of realizing my dream.
I think the development of china will be getting better and better.
More and more universities students like to nest at home.The boys play online games at home,and the girls watch Korean dramas.Now,many college students lack of social practice as a result.
College students benefited a lot from social practice.It is obvious that social practice is playing a more and more important role in Chinese college education.Above all, there are provided with opportunities to contact the real world outside the campus.
Moreover, in social practice activities, students can apply their knowledge to solution to practical problems.
So the social practice skills are improved greatly.
Besides, social practice help strengthen students since social responsibility.
Considering their above mentions.
In my opinion,as a college student, I think it is necessary for college students to participant in social practice.All these offer an important means for students to broaden their horizons.By participating in social practice ,they have fulfilled university life and in turn help social practice to grow and flourish.
In the festival firecrackers is Chinese traditional customs.However, too much set off firecrackers will cause serious environmental pollution.
Firecrackers containing chemicals, may cause air pollution.
Debris firecrackers set off after all over the floor, The cleaning staff will increase the work.
And setting off firecrackers has the certain risk, the process does not pay attention, it is easy to hurt the people around.
Because this is Chinese customs, have good moral, I think that should not be banned, but attention must be paid to the limit.As a celebration, we can change the way of celebrating.If you have to set off firecrackers, must be in a safe open place.
Please note,do not set off firecrackers in the morning or at night, it will disturb the rest of others.
With changes in the environment and influences from others, people's ideology change from childish to a high level, then they would be maturity.
They always behave self-denial, wisdom and confidence.
Learning to moderately deny yourself is the necessary condition of maturity.
Self-denial is an essential sign of mature.
Zhao Benshan's sketches were inspection-exempted products of the annual Spring Festival Gala, he always set strict demands on himself; he over and over again overthrows his own work, so he brought many surprises for us every year.
Wisdom is the second characteristics of maturity.
Only having knowledge cannot be considered as mature, as many people knowledgeable but less mature.
Only when knowledge can be applied in real life, people would be mature.
Children frequently think about things only from signal aspect, adults consider a lot.
Mature people suppose all things are not simple as young children and they believe what they really need.
Confidence symbolizes mature.
Women who studied dance are confident, because they have received special training: raise head, stand chest, say to yourself "I am extremely beautiful, I am unique!".
A person would have satisfied with this kind of aesthetic feeling, mature woman undoubtedly is such people, and give herself with confidence, and then make the other people with confidence.
Because of family poverty, Lincoln did not get high education degree, but in 1860, he was elected to the 16th president of the United States.
He would, of course, climb out of it.
He would come to terms with his weaknesses, control his passions and achieve what we now call maturity.
Individual's growing which goes through infancy, puberty, maturity and so on.
From different angles, maturity has different signs.
In our daily life, mature people also have common characteristics.
With the people's emphasise on education, people had disagreements on the method of study.
of the study.
Because reading was able to enrich our knowledge, widen our vision, inspiring our imagination and effecting our character unconsciously.
However, the others disapprove of their opinions.
They considered that just by reading during the process of the study can contribute people to addicted to themselves' imagination and separate themselves from the reality.
Therefore, they favoured that the practice is the key of the study.
As the sentence say that practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
Only through the practice can we have the specific percetion to the ambient landscape.
I have been read one sentence--there is always a soul and a body in the road.
Making the reading and practice along with each other.
As far as i am concerned, it is the interaction of perceptual and rational that can get twice achievement with half the endeavour during the process of the study.
I went to Japan last holiday.
My classmates together with me went there by plane.
We are very tired but excited , so we relax at hotel and waited the tour of Japan.
First, we went to the Daban and went to a school to play with Japanese students.
We had a good time there and also learned a lot of things about Japanese.
So I thought it was very interesting.
Then, we did some shopping in Jingdu and visited some places of interest.
I took many photos there because they were very beautiful.
Last, we went to the Tokyo Disneyland .
It was a good place to play but there were too many people in Disneyland .that was rainy.so we couldn't see the performance .What a pity !
But we were still very happy .
That is the tour of Japan.
I thought it was very wonderful but a little tired .I'm looking forward to your reply.
Xiang.
Good evening my dear schoolmates and teachers.
My name is A even from the graduating class.
I'm extremely honoured to stand here to make a speech.
Living in this modern society, no matter if we want to, it is inevitable to communicate with other people.
Implementing effective communication is one of the most important methods to establish friendly relationships.
To do this, not only should we practise the skills of talking, but more vital, we need to learn to be a good listener.
And this is what my lecture's topic is:being a good listener.
First of all, listening to others carefully shows your respect.
Also, it improves understanding to achieve the good interpersonal relationship.
If you listen to your parents or your children, then you could know them better and the generation gap would be shallower.
If you are a theacher, listening to your studens makes you can understand what they are thinking about so that your relationships could be colser.
While studying, listening to other classmates is a good way to promote your friendship and improve your study.
As you can see, being a good listener has so many advantages.
Here are some suggestions:above all, listen to others with your heart rather than just your ears.
And do not stare at anywhere else but others' eyes.
Last but not least, you can cut in with a few words when you feel it's needed.
Here's all my speech today.
Seems that all of you are good listeners, thank you for your listening.
The book reminiscence of our departed which arouses a great influence in recent months.
It reminds us of our own youth in college and also has a struck chord with the people who have the same or almost the similar experiences in their college life.
The plot of the book is surrounded by the love affair between the main roles.
It is described with different characteristics for instance, a bravery girl named Z which falls in love with a guy that she detests to first, a one- man kind of girl Ruan Guang who is longed for by many excellent boys but still regards the cold heart and irresponsible guy as unique and their realistic and unperturbed roommates.
The ending of the film is sorrowful.
What a pity is the death of Ruan Guang who is died before her coming marriage with a handsome responsible doctor.
She deserves to be in happieness and live a happy life.
Another main line is the love affair of Zhen Wei.
She is courageous to pursue what she wants.
I like her characteristic.
Although she is abandoned by her boyfriend named C who choose to go further studying in America and give her up, she is still optimistic and moving forward to the her own future.
Nothing regrets for herself because she does her best to protect her love.
At last, C regrets to surrender Z although he makes a lot of achievements.
This book tells us that we should cherish the love between us.
There is not a second chance for you to begin over.when i read the book , i was touched by the protagonist.
we love ourselves than our lovers,Even though she or he devote life to us , They seems to not important for us to give up my carrier and my familly in cruel society.Love people,First to love myself.No matter what happens to us ,we will love ourselves than others.I don't know the girl who and where she is,I just do myself well,I believe when we meet someday.
In high school, I had ever heard of some interesting things about life in the college.
So I hope that my campus life is also rich and colourful.
I foreknow that I admit much spare time at college.
Thus the place that I can do diversities of activities in, such as playing basketball, playing badminton and so on.
What's more, I can attain about how to deal with some problems perfectly.
Of course, these can improve me to rely on my own effort and build up my advantages rather than nothing essential.
Besides, they can let me grow better, too.
However, I also fear of something in the following 4 years at college.
For instance, I'm not good at conveying my emotion to teachers or students.
Not only I'm not an outspoken person, but also I don't like talking too much.
Thus I'm afraid of making none of friends.
Furthermore, I'm concerned about my study in which I can't make full use of my time.
As a result, I will lose many benificial affairs.
Nevertheless I don't give up.
I also try my best to do something and get my campus life more manful.
Now there are so many people smoke though they know it does harm to their health.So we may ask why they still smoking.
When people start to smoking.Different people have different reasons.Some teenagers start to smoke out of curiosity.They firstly try it,they can not be energetic any more without cigarettes since then on.Some teenagers learn it from adults.Some people smoking because of pressure from their work or life,So when they feel sad they lit up a cigaret.
We know smoking has so many bad influences on our lungs.It can make us breath hard.And it can improve the possibility get the lung cancer.
After all,we should pay more attention to the influence of smoking.If you want to give up smoking.First you should have self confidence.Second,you can eat something sweet when you want to smoke.It may take long time to give up smoking.But it will be easy if you hang on doing it as I said.
Changchun Institute of technique is a full-time university established by government in 1953.
It is located in Changchun the capital city of Jinlin province.Changchun Institude of technique has over twenty thousand students from almost every area of China making up 27 colleges.
And these colleges are all governed by the university totally.
The mission of our university is to aim at using what you have learned to reality.
So, for students here, you must learn well and do well in tests.
Otherwise, all good things will go far away from you.
To name a few, College Scholarship, Government School Assistent and Great Student honor.
Worse still, if a student fails to earn enough marks before graduate, he will not get the bachlor degree.
Nowadays, more and more companions want college graduate with knowledge and technology.
Our university equips every graduate with practical skills meeting companion's needs increasing the employment in our university.
In the modern day with the development of science and technology,people's living standard is getting higher and higher.However,our body get worse and worse.So we should change our lifestyle to make our body healthy.
Those people who have unhealthy lifestyle are experiencing health problems,such as obesity and heart disease.The ailments,in turn,cause many psychological problems such as depression or anxiety.So it is very important for us to have a healthy lifestyle.How to keep a healthy lifestyle?First and foremost is the awareness.We should attach importance to the health problems.Only in this way can we keep healthy eating and drinking habits.At last we should get more exercise such as running,swimming,playing basketball and so on.
In short,we should have a healthy lifestyle.Only in this way can we hope to have a healthy body and have more energy to work and study.
At the first picture,I look at the children staying in his mother's legs.The facial expression was very powerless,and the scene was sad.at the same time,I feld the AIDS patient were very poor and unluckily.However,we should care for the AIDS patients and we should change the point of view that we towards the AIDS patients before.we weren't indifferent to them.Because the people with AIDS should pay attention.At the last picture,it seems that the people with AIDS were fast to fast towards deadly.It promote that we should treasure life.Our hearts should will be flowers in full bloom.
Miss Susan Hobson has been employed in our office as a secretary for the pass two years, during work diligent, loyal, honest, is a competent secretary!Her English and German is well,what's more,she can speak them fluently so that she can competent general for interpretation work.
My name is Gina.
Please visit my room.
My CD and notebook on the desk.
My hat on the bad .
radio on the desk .
My clock and table lamp on the table .
My quilt and pillow on the bad .
My schoolbag under the sofa .
My books in the book rack.
As is shown in the picture, we can see clearly the smiling young man is writing a signature on a pillar.Ironically,although he wears fashion clothes,his ugly behaviour reveals the low quality.Uncivilized behaviors in tourism are common in daily life and we should get rid of them.
There are serval factors leading to this phenomenon.First of all,majority people incline to commemorate his journey.Therefore some people paint on the historical sites.Actually,taking photos and buying souvenirs are also good methods in place of the uncivilized behaviors.
In further,inadequate punishment results to uncivilized behaviors.Some bored people do the harm to the historic site just for fun,while there is no fine.Only paying penalty can remind them of paying attention to their uncivilized behaviors.
As for me,I think we can avoid these uncivilized actions from ourselves,which includes littering,spitting and drawing.The environment of tourism is on the base of tourist's protection.The more attention we pays on our behavior,the more fun we get.
in and it can also good for your personal enrichment.
dream job easily.
man and improve yourself, but also a good way to devote yourself to society.
I'm glad to receive your letter.I'm fine and my parents miss you as well.
It has been a huge change after you left home.We moved to a big house which is decorated when most people in our village moved to the well-appointed flat.What's more,many home electronics such as telepones,televisions,washing machines and refrigerators came into our lifes.It became more convinient after the goverment repaied the roads so that the wide road is connect with the coutry and the city now.
Except those,we bought a tractor,a truck and a car.Don't worry about our education!Our village has built many schools with high edcated techers.
Nowadays,government pay more attetion to the rural city construction so that our life is becoming better and better.We all look forward to you coming back to see the change.
Along with the social development .The Internet bring a lot of halp to make friends .For example ,we can find a lot of friend in Interner .Convenience commnication between human beings .Narrowed the distance between person and person .We can tell each other worries .And people can shopping in online too .Internet make around the world people untie as on and interplay or understand one another .However ,the network also bring some bad thing .For example ,in Internet have a portion specially student .Have a great many students were tricked .Bearings to the society a bad effect .So the young people should careful making friends .And we don 't casual receive netfriend .We should incorrectly treat the network .Grasp it advantageous one sind and avoid bad side .We must use good resources .
A public debate has arisen as to the phenomenon that if the university campus should be open to the tourists.Many people oppose this viewpoint.They argue that the university campus isn't a tourist attraction,but a place for students to study.However,some people are in favor of it.They believe that being open to tourists will help students to know more people and more things about the society.
There is probably some truth in both arguments.As far as I'm concerned,the university campus' being open to tourists should be accepted,but be conducted in a controlled manner.
First of all,making the campus open to tourists will enhance the communication with the outside world,which can help a university to keep pace with the development of the society.Secondly,the students in the university should make the acquaintance with kinds of people to widen their interpersonal relation net,which will be contributed by tourists' coming.Furthermore,tourists can feel the cultural atmosphere of the university and be addicted.This is good for education.
To draw a conclusion,the university campus' being open to tourists is of benefit to both students and tourists.So it should be conducted.
The frustration is a part of life.everybody will meet a lot of frustration,if say that the frustration is a very important part in life during all one's life,but in order to cross at all.
The undergraduates to the frustration of ability is bad.For example,They will be giving up that were not satisfied in outreach activities.
As for school,how will school deal with this issue?As for school,they will be creating more outdoor activities,because of undergraduates need to get more exercise.As the students,we will be palying an active part in outdoor activities.
So I think undergraduates should know that everyone faces frustrations and failures,this is part of everyone's experience and that they must stick to their goals and keep trying all the time.
Nowadays.more and more young people are interested in attending TV PK shows, because they dream to be famous.
Some young people who want to be known to the public regard it as a bridge to success.
I think it is a way to make their dream come true though there are also a number of disadvantages in attending TV PK shows.
In order to make their star dream come true, some young people even have given up their study and dropped out of school.
It caused a widely attention of public.
In my opinion, it is good for young people to attend TV PK shows.
Because it can cause the young people who are standing out in talent and skills have opportunity to show themselves.
We enjoy TV PK shows, and it makes us relax.
But as the youngs we also should find the bad influence of it.
We should not give up our study and drop out of school to attending TV PK shows or anything like this.
Hello Linda , I hear about you make house to a new city.
You should make more friends, I know you in addition to class every day is on the Internet at home.
You should take part in social activities and less play games.
I know you are very lonely.
I will write to you more.
I'll have you too introverted, you should be more open and bright, go out and play with friends to play a more and more every day to play games, is very bad for you.
I will encourage you more, will continue to write to you, come on.
As we all know, the low-carbon Lifestyle is so fashionable that plenty of people are pursuing it .
causing the lack of resources and the rising of temperature.
In order to protect our environment from polluting, more and more people are pursuing low-carbon lifestyle .
concepts of low-carbon lifestyle is low energy ,low consumption and no waste .
It is clearly that the low-carbon lifestyle pays more attention to saving energy .
a significant project that I can not wait to join it .
we are responsible for doing it at once .
use bags which can be reused again .
from the subtle.
much as we can .
the importance and significance of joining the low-carbon lifestyle .
I strongly believe that more and more people will participate in it and our environment will be more clean.
Meantime , our society will be more harmonious.
Friendship is life what salt is dasher.
That's said,everywhere we can feel it's warm.
When people are concerned about your flying higher or higher,only a friend care about you fly tired,in fact,this is friendship.Someone can say,love is an important thing in the world.However,I assured say,love may fade,but friendship are year round.So true friendship lasts forever.
I have a bossom friend,when I meet difficulty or depressed.she away with a smile on the face and courage me:"I believe you success,you are perfect in my mind!
"Everytime i'm inspired,then get down to doing everything.What's more,she usually share with me how to study and life,how to adjust motion.She teach me play the guitar.I feel grateful her,she is my good friends and wise teacher.
There is a proverb said:a friend in need is a friend in deed.Certaintly,when you fall into trouble,and friends will comfort you.Therefore,where is a friend,there is a success.
Finally,choose an author as you choose a friend,we are treasure friendship.beacuse, a friend is,as it were,a second self.
"And different people have quite different views on it.
These who have the first opinion think that group cooperative learning is good.
In the view, they say that we can learn from each other.
Besides, it said two heads are better than the top on, so that the problem can be solved earlier.
These who have another opinion disagree it.
Firstly, group cooperative learning will influence the ability learning of ourselves.
Because we will be very little independent thinking.
Secondly, it will join something that has nothing to do with learning.
As far as I'm concerned, group cooperative learning is good.
In this way, we can learn a lot more than books.
Such as the spirit of cooperation, enhance feelings, and so on.
So I think we should develop group cooperative learning.
I like my mother ,my sister and my brother .But I love my father best!
I love him and I also respect for him .
He supports a big family and pays for my education.
I think my father is a gentle man .For example , when I am in a bad mood , he will tell me something interesting .
And when I want to compain about something , he will become a good listener.He always try his best to meet my needs.
He is also a good cook .
He often cook some delicious food during the holiday.
I learn a lot from my father.I must study hard and make it to reward him .
I love my father , he also loves me very much .
Love makes the world warm .
So we should love somebody to make our life beautiful .
The memory of fish only ten seconds.
I want to study English for different reasons.
One reason is that our country is developing faster and faster,we have more opportunities to communicate with foreigners.So it's very important for us to have a good knoeledge of English.Another important reason is that I must study English well to pass the CET4 exam to get wy Degree Certificate as a university student.There are other reasons ,but the simplest and the most important reason is that English is important.
We always hear people say what we eat or where we go.However,I want to say we are what we read.
As we all know,reading plays an important part in our life.Reading could make people relaxed and knoeledgeable.But some people wouldn't like to read,even hate reading.so,Iwant to say something about it.
As a student,my teachers stress the importance of reading more than once.Indeed,reading can have a positive impact on us.Reading can give us konwledge and some experience from the book which we read.Gorky once said,"Books are humanity's progress.
"In other words,if you want to improve your literary attainment,reading is the best way.
On the other hand,practice is also important for us.
"Experience is the best teacher",which was said by a philosopher in the ancient China.By this token,we can learn many knowledge and experience by practise,and we can get sense of achievement from success.Deng Xiaoping said,"Practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
"If you want to feel the world through personal experience,practice is the best way.
In my opinion,i think we should balance them.Only reading books,we cannot get experience;only doing practice,we cannot get the thoughts of other people.In conclusion,reading and practice are one,we should read books while doing practice.
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Students' Pursuit for Famous Brands.
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Students' Pursuit for Famous Brands.
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Students' Pursuit for Famous Brands.
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Students' Pursuit for Famous Brands.
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Students' Pursuit for Famous Brands.
Primary school,the first place l touch English knowledge.At the beginning of the term,l always feel frustrated because I can't memorize new words deeply and read with pace.But after a period of study, I gradually like the English.
This is results from several factors.When l learn a new word ,l feel happy for my progress.My teacher told me "English fun in life will reflect.
"In addition,English can provide us for many helps.It enables us to communicate with foreigners,and enrich my life.
Mentioned above is why English learning attract me and the reason why l like English.
At present, many universities in group learning method to learn English, but people have different opinions about that.
Some people think that group learning is good for students.
They think it can let students help each other in their study.
At the same time, it can let students to study harder to compete with each other.
But some people think that group learning only produces negative effects for student's study.
They think it will make some students depend on their classmates of group instead of study.
As far as I'm concerned, I think that group learning has both advantages and disadvantages.
It can bring learning motivation for students.
Meanwhile, it can make students lazy.
I think students should choose to suit their own learning methods.
Creative thinkers have many activity ideas which come from their brains, thinkers use their eyes to observe something which combines with these ideas in order to produce new idea.
The new idea compares with something of observed so that occurs different changes.
When we are watching something that is clear,certain,big and honest.
Observation is a skill, you not only will watch but will also observe.
Observation means you how to see something in front of you.
Everything has their one side that we didn't know.
A great observer will maintain objectivity as far as possible.
we should keep our mind on something what we are unknown.
So if we want to be a creative thinker,we need to care little thing and learn how to observe, less watching more observe.
Due to the busy life out of high school,college and free style of learn,many students become more and more lazy.
Many students will no longer pay attention to study,but playing games or sleep,spend the time on unnecessary things.Our college is to study konwledge,not to waste time.So we must change the statue quo.
First,we should correct our thoughs,we must become hardworking to study.Second,we should read some useful book.Third,we can attend some actives,so as to inspire passion.
For most countries,the economic growth has caused a disharmony between people and the environment.With a rapid increase of population,a lack of resources exists.For instance,water has become a luxury in some developing countries.On the other hand,a few resources are abused such as cutting too much trees.
It is urgent to take certain measures to prevent the environment getting worse,however,we can do some simple things as a vulgar.When we go out of our bedroom,we should take off the light immediately.Besides,the more we take republic transportations,the less we produce carbon dioxide.
If everyone make a little contributions,our world will get better and better.So let's take action.
Nowadays,the water shortage has becoming more serious,so it urges us to take it serious.
In my opinion,people can not imagine what our life will be without water,the amount of water we can drink is little.there are many reasons resulting in water shortage.Firstly,we pollute lots of clean water in our common life,such as throwing dead body of animals and poisonous medicine into lake.Secondly,the development of industry are polluting more and more water,for example,many factories plant the sewage discharged into river.
As a citizen,the water resources protection is our duty.On the one hand,we ourselves should save water and not pollute it.On the other hand,we can persuade and appeal other people to protect water .If we find some illegal actions ,we should responce them to local government.
Only by protecting water together, can we live longer.
Life is a practice, in this practice, you will receive experience and improve yourself.
For most students, there is no denying the fact is that they can learning more things.
As the proverb say practice makes perfect.
During the internship I still believe great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Now we are entering a brand new era full of opportunities and innovations.
It can be said with certainty that knowledge is power.
So every people should take a view that it is never too old to learn.
In learning.
Further, I hold the opinion that understood experience is the mother of wisdom.
In internship I have a new understanding for fire control facilities.
And also understood how to change fire equipment to deal with kinds of fire.
In life, I like this big family.
In there I meet a lot of new friends.
Similarly,we should pay attention to how to deal with after school life .
In this respect, we may as well as to know unity is strength.
I Believe the title statement is valid because we are the soldiers.
Nonetheless it is a pity that three weeks of internship life quickly.
I have to say goodbye to here.
I didn't want to leave here.
Improved the ability of individuals.
My experience tells me that to succeed needs a thorough and persevering process, and in this process you had better abide by the principles mentioned above.
When I back to school.
I will study more hard.
Improve my professional skills.
Everyone knows that reading was an important way to gain our knowledge in the society of information explosion .
As education was the primary strength to promote the developing of human being , reading was playing a major role in it.
Some students agreed that students should choose books to read.They think that their studying task was too heavy to have enough time to read all kinds of books for them.
However,someone approve that students should read as many books as possible.
Only in that way can we understand the various fields .
In my opinion,we should first study our studying books well ,then we try to read other books in which we are inintered as many as possible.
Through that ,we not only gain knowledge but also broaden our horizon .So as to lay a solid foundation for our developing in the future.
It is a long time since we met last time.I miss you very much.How is it going?
My life in the university started a month ago.My idea of university has changed.When I was in senior school,as you know,I thought the college life would be very relaxing ,and we would have a lot of time to do what we like.But after this month's study,I think university is a place where we can improve our skills,such as communicating skills,speaking skills,etc.We should use our precious time in the university not only acquire the knowledge which we need,but also learn some skills.In this way,we can make our life enrich.
To increase our cultivation,we can read some books.As Francis Bacon says,"Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
"Reading different kinds of books is a great way for our farther study.
So what kinds of books university students should read?In my opinion,as the idea of "General education" becoming more and more popular ,we should try to read some books not just about our major,but about philosophy,history,art,etc.
Reading something about philosophy can make you become more logical,you can read some books whose authors are Plato,Aristotle,Hume,Spimnoza,Locke,John Deway and the other great thinkers.History can let you know more about your country and the other countries in different periods,and you'll be talkative when you talk with different people,I'm sure you'll find satisfaction after talking.Art can cultivate your interest,so you can find the happiness of life.We can also read some books about scientific research ,to know how scientists think about questions and learn something from them.
What about your opinion?Looking forward to knowing something about you.
Please write to me soon.
Summertimes is the best time of year.Summer holidays passed quickly,I think I have a meaningful holiday,and I want to share my experience.
In this summer holidays,I spent a large amount of time in staying at home.I relaxed myself by reading books and watching TV.I also hung out with my friends.I got up a little late in the morning,but I insisted to eat breakfast.I tried to my best to help my mother do some chores,and I tried to make a meal for my family.During the holidays,I got a part-time job as a salesclerk,but two days later,my boss had to leave.I earned one hundred yuan.Finally,I chose to stay at home.In fact,experience is more important than money.By doing a part-time job,I met all kinds of people and tried to use different ways to different people.
In a word,I think that we should try to accept some new things and take part in different occasions.
We warmly welcome you for your enquiry of April 17 and thank you for interest in our fireworks and firecrackers.
We are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.
Also under separate cover, we are sending you some samples which will show you clearly the quality and craftsmanship.
Of course we feel confident that you will find the goods are both superior in quality and very reasonable in price.
As for the payment terms we usually require confirmed, irrevocable Letter of Credit payable by draft at sight.
And you may be assured that we can make delivery within a half month after receiving your order.
Finally thanks you again for your interest in our products.
We are looking forward to you early reply.
Let us analyse something about the e-book .Firstly,the current situation of the e-book: the manufacturing technology is not perfect and the price is high .With the development of technology, price of e-books also begin to drop.
The development of e-books are a revolution.It includes all kinds of modern high-technology achievements.When we reading the e-book , it is more frivolous and just need consume some power .Compared with the traditional paper book ,e-book has lots of advantages in spreading, preservation, reading and many other aspects.
As the carrier, storage capacity is infinite.Besides, it can leave out the printing, warehousing and logistics link.What is more, it is convenient for Sales, debt collection.
E-book sales can break through some problems :such as business premises.We can at download online at any time.
E-book also confront some problems .For the first, the prices of it is expensive .Besides, The content of the e-book relatively scarce.What is more, the copyright problem prevents the development of the e-book.
As far as I am concerned, for the development of human civilization make an indelible contribution.
From the historical context, it is easy to see the new technology has brought many contribution for books.
In fact, whether e-book or paper book become the main trend in our society ,the benefit will be educated.
It is really impress in my memory.It is big and beautiful.My first teacher is a woman.She is very strict in our study.In fact ,I think she is a good teacher like a strict mum.She also tought us sports skills.I alos remember her tought me my favourite sport,football.I played football very well in grade 1.My best is a lovely girl.Why I like to play with her?Beacuse I think she was like boy.Her English was very good in my thought.She is still my friend in my class now!And she is our calss leader!
I'm l.I think college is nice.We can with many different people become good friends in college and we have much time to do things that it is we want.
I have three years in this college.If I want to success in this college,I am should have a good point,so I'm should plan to study.
In my part time,I want to look many books that I never look in high school ,so I'll often go to look book.I dislike talk with others in high school ,so ,now I practive my socailing,I will try to talk with others.
Nowadays, cell phones have become increasingly popular.
Wherever you go you can see people using cell phone .
As we all know, cell phones have brought us a lot of convenience.
Not only it provides us a channel to make friends with foreigners and chat with distant friend, but also we can get some information from internet by using cell phones.
What's more, with it, you can inform somebody immediately if you have urgent situation.
However, every coin has two sides.
While we are discussing the merits of cell phones, we cannot forget its demerits.
The most problem is that the radiation of cell phones will does harm to users' health.
Another problem is that indulge in telephone will affect students' study and academic performance.
So we can draw a conclusion that we should use cell phones rationally , and put the telephones application to the right place.
As we all know,Wang Zhizhi is a hard-woring basketball player.And he never give up.He had so much achievement,that many people remember he deeply.
At the 2010 Asian games of mens basketball finals,he also not let Chinese people down.In the first half,he score without diffculty.However,at the end of the game,his teammates is too tired to move.Then,his rival is leading,while all of the teammate having no way to win the game.He succeed in helping his teammate to score.Eventually,they got the champion.
Form Wangzhizhi,I konw if you never give up,then you will be succseeful.Our teenger should learn Wang Zhizhi and win honor for Chinese baskerball.
Recently people's opinions about whether credit cards will bring harm to students vary from person to person.
A lot of people say that credit cards may ring harm to students, while others don't think so.
my opinion, credit cards are good for students if they are used suitably.
The first reason is that the students needn't bring a lot of cash with themselves every day when they use credit cards.
And they need not worry about the cash which they bring be stolen as they are walking in the street.The second reason is that using credit cards can help students to know more about credit.
If they don't repay their credit account in time, they will have to pay more interests and they will get a bad credit record which will bring bad credit to them in the future.
The third is that using credit cards can decrease the chance of receiving forged notes to the minimum.Students are bad at recognizing forged notes.
So they often become victims about distinguishing notes.
If they use credit cards, it will be extremely useful for them to avoid receiving counterfeit notes because they have the ability to tell the difference between false notes and real notes.
From what has been discussed above, I believe that credit cards are good for students if they are used reasonably.
It is reported every year in the world of reading books is that first in the Jews, average is 64.
Shanghai ranked first in the Chinese, average is 8.
But China has a population of 1.3 billion, except the textbook, per person per year less than reading a book.
It is worth us to thinking.
It is a key reason that they are often reading.
Reading makes them more and more clever and wide then field of vision.
Therefore, whether in line of business or science, their achievement is very high.
I can remember one word "Histories makes men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtitle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric to contend " In Chinese ancient times have one word "In books you can find not only gold but also glowing beauty.
From this we can see how important it is to read.
With the development of science and technology, the quality of people's lives goes on getting better.
But more and more people are barren and exhausted spiritually.
In these circumstances, we must read more books.
It makes our spirit rich.
world.
There are several advantages of getting a good education .
First, it means the personal enrichment.
As we all know ,learn more ,know more .
So that getting a good education can enrich our personal ability .Second, it also means the job opportunities .
Since having a diploma certainly help somebody who is looking to us for a job .
Last , it meams the contribution to society.
The education is counts .Therefore ,someone who get a good education can make a good contribution to the society.And our world will become more and more beautifull.
On my last holiday,I went to Wudadao with my parents.There were many old family housesof some famous people.There were many history of these people.It was very interesting.
Then we took a carriage to look around the Wudadao.There was another style and I felt it was historical.Then wo went home.
I think our trip was very interesting.We had a good time there.
The weather here is so comfortable.
I miss all of you so much.
I saw a philosophic sentence said by Francis Bacon recently.
Through the sentence I find that it's time for us to think about what books we college students should read.
I know you are fond of reading romantic novels,such as Twilight and The Hunchback of Notre-Dame.
But I urge that we shouldn't only read the books which appeal to us mostly.
Reading some different kinds of books is amazing too.
Histories are needed to remind us of the past, the fault and the achievement so that we can be wiser.
And we can develop a nice character while learning philosophy.
In the morning,reading a poem and strolling in the world behind the words is a fantastic thing.
It makes us perfect to develop the habit of wide reading.
We should read more different kinds of useful books to equip ourself with various knowledge.
I'm looking forward to your letter.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of the tourism industry, it has become popular for large number of people to travel at vacation after a long period of haed working.
Their visits, on the one hand, can enrich their own life and meanwhile bring the sites substantial incomes.
On the other hand, too many visit, especially during travel seasons, have cause problems.
A wide debate has been sparked as to whether the famous Chinese sites of historical interest should charge higher fees during peek travel seasons or not.
In my opinion, charging higher fees cannot solve the problem fundamentally.
It will not only hurt citizen's sentiment, but also hinder the development of the tourism industry.
First of all, the famous Chinese sites of historical interest are parts of public services.
People should have free access to them or at least a lower price for the entry fees since they have already paid taxes to the government.
According to the study, the ticket price is more than 20% of travel costs.
If the sites charge higher fees, the volume of travelers would decrease.
However, it will deprive other men's chance of travelling, especially the people who have financial difficulties for it will greatly increase the cost which will deeply hurt visitors' feelings.
Moreover, the entry fees of the famous Chinese sites of historical interest have already been very high.
By contrast, the prices of the entrance fees in the western countries are much lower.
Therefore, we can just learn from them.
Charging higher fees is not the only way to deal with this problem.
If the sites only do this, the development of the tourism industry will be hindered.
In China, if people want to travel, they have to travel in the peek travel seasons for they should work in general.
The government can distribute the travelers by arranging more holidays.
Last but not least, historical sites' complete preservation needs a large amount of money.
It is said that we should pay higher fees in order to make our historical sites exist forever.
However, though the sites charge more money for the entrance, the number of tourists decreased.
The total amount may not rise, which will not be any help to the protection of the sites.
To sum up, I don't agree to the idea of charging higher entry fees for the famous Chinese sites of historical interest during peek travel seasons not only for the travelers but also for the famous sites.
The sites should find other ways to do with the problem fundamentally such as altering people's ecological behavior rather than raise money.
One day,a little boy got five hundred dollars as pocket money from his mother.
He was thinking how to use the money.
Suddenly,he saw a poor lady sitting on the floor.She looked hungry and needed someone to help!The little boy was confused.
After few minutes, The little boy decided to walked to the poor lady and gave the money to poor lady with a friendly big smile.The poor lady was shocked by the little boy,and didn't know what to do but received the money.
The little boy felt very pleased because he did a good thing.
It's a happy ending in the end.
I think advertisement is blessing to us.We are always seeing advertisement on TV or newspaper and video.Maybe we thought they make us puzzle.But if we can see it on the other hand,it was very useful.
In my opinion,advertisement can give us much information to us about some new things.So we can know what new things have been producted quickly.Then ad can make us relaxing.Because when we are watching a movie long time you need something to relax your eyes.So at that time,you can take a rest.And what's important,there is another kind of ad.It can give you the information what you want know such as finding job,finding house or selling things.I think it is very convenient.
Now,we all can't leave ad anymore.
A common misconception among nearly everybody is that men perform most parts of the reactivities.
You are on the scene of the presentation of the nobel price.
Until now,we have studied English for 7 years.We always do exercise for listening.Reading and writing all the time.But we find a question is that students pay attention to spilling less and less.I think the reason is we have to remember so many words.And ignoring the importance of review the words.
So we have to think the way to solve this problem.For example,we can get up early to read English words.On the one hand,we can read English newspapers to increase our vacabulary.On the other hand,we should try to use new words when we are writing.Besides,when we listen to strange words,seeking them and keep in your mind.It is worth mentioning,please make good use your mobile phone,downloading dictionary to convenient search.
In this way,believe that we can improve our spillingskill.
At present, more and more food has bad effect on our health, which causes many diseases and even leads to people death.
As we can see, in the cartoon, there are many deadly substances in our food, for example, some food is added to chemical mixture.
Some reasons are as follows.
First, eating these deadly substances can increase sale-persons' income so they can earn more money.
Second, these substances make food look beautiful, which attracts more customers to buy their food.
What's more, these people lack awareness of ethic and they don't care for others' health.Finally, they don't think their behaviors break laws.
In order to solve the problem, on the one hand, everyone should be strict with ourselves, and our behaviors should be within the laws.
On the other hand, government must make rules to punish these selflessness people.
In modern society, with the developing of economy, the relationship of person becomes more and more indifferent.
The society is shorting of a grateful heart especially between parents and children.
There is phenomenon blooming that some children are not say"thank you"to their parents any more .
They think that they can get their parents' love , care and help easily and need not spend anything or do anything to return their parents.
What is more, they think they can enjoy the love from their parents unpaid forever.
There is a saying goes: The tree desires repose, but the wind will not stop ; The son desires to serve, but his parents are already gone.
We should thank our parents'pay every time and do not hesitate to say"you were laborious" .
Naturelly it is will be a regret if we have not say "thank you" that parents had left us.
I born in a beautiful countryside,there is green grass in the spring,there are many watermelon in the summer,there is golden rice in the autumn,there is thick and white snow in the winter.
However,if a foreign friend camn to my hometown,i would conduct him to enjoy the beautiful night sky,then you will see many light starts in the black night sky,you will listen to melodious bug tweet ,listen to stream sounds.with wind blowing you face.sometimes,you would catch sight of a bat fly away before your eyes if you are good luck enough.
Country is not more bustling than big city,but there are many brautiful things different from big city,there is clean air,blue sky and golden rice,it's so beautiful,i think my foreign friend must like it.
Now, More and more students are banned in the classroom especially in the morning.But,There is an ongoing heated discussion as to whether banned in the classroom is a blessing or a curse.
As the often pointed out by some people,It could agree that students have a breakfast or some snacks in the classroom,In their mind,Classroom not only is a place to study but also a home to entertainment.When we have a long time to study and feel tried,Some food can help we concentrate on the study and so on.But, The other people agree that banned in the classroom is a curse rather than a blessing,They think that it is brought some unfavorable problems,The major one is school.If we all eating food in the classroom and put the rubbish in the classroom.It will increase pressures on cleaner of the school.What makes matter worse,It would let some people get into bad habits.
In my opinion,As a student,Our real task is study and have a good habit.Maybe banned in the classroom will bring some advantages, But, We can not let our area of the study changed a hotel.
In my famliy hane my mother father and i,first in activity we mutual send ones respects to,send regards to friends, second have a family dinner,last we watch TV.We happiness and treasure now.
Persistance is a bridge to success that can make a big difference to the life.
Reading the inspiring story,I really look up to the man who used to worry about overweight and lose weight step by step so that he became a healthy runner in a good shape.
Not only the brilliant runner,but also a world-famous football player met with success on the grounds of perseverance.With no money,a poor boy called Beckham dreaming to take part in a professional team kicked cans every day in order to be skillful.How lucky he was that he got the chance to join the team as his remarkable training made a big impression on the coach!If he had given up,he would have never got the top of this profession.
On the way to success,we may get into trouble, but we should never give up.On balance,holding on and tring our best can fullfill our dreams.
From my point of view,reading makes us more mature.
First because it let us know many things beyond our scope of life and let us understand the truth witch we do not think of before.
It also gain knowledge and broaden horizons through words.
Second because reading can make us relax and enjoy the joy of the book.Even it let us experience the very rare calm in such a fast-paced society now.
Third because when we are reading,it just like we are talking with the author directly,witch gets our heart together and make many friends in spirit.
Therefore,we are what we read and we are becoming mature because of reading.
As we all know,many students will cheat in exams.But why are there so many of students cheating?Is it really true they do not want honesty?I do not think so.Not the same students are not the same reason.Grade point average of students in order to pass the exam.If they could not pass the exams,their teachers and parents will blame them,and their friends may be laughing at them.So they had to cheat.Some good students,they want to get a good mark, and they want the praise of teachers and parents.If they had a nice result,everyone may envy them.So they cheating in chinese colleges.
When I see when they get good grades by cheating,I will have the impulse to cheat.But when I think of the honesty,I always hold back.Honesty is the most valuable.
Everyone living in the world has their own goals.Different person,has their different ideas, different goals,so I am.
The three passions in my life that is to search for knowledge,to seek for real love,and get a stable and happy life.
Love and knowledge,it's very possible.Because knowledge can make people rich,and also can make the person become closer to comprehension, it is important.
When it comes to love, you can not do without in your life,love is very good, it can make a person feel very happy,so I think it is very important as well.
For getting a happy and stable life,that is to aspire but not everyone can get.So I really want it and I have been trying to.
In my opinion,if I can achieve the three purposes,I have satisfied.
So I can say that these three passions is very important for me.These are what I have lived for.
In recent decades,there has been a growing trend that people choose to travel in many places with China's economic prospect.However, the issue of 'Traveling alone or in groups ' is of great concern for many people due to this change.
In the first place,there is some incontrovertible evidence to suggest that it is of great benefit for us to choose guided tour.We do not have to care about the hotel,transportation and so on because the only thing we have to do is to pay for the travel agency.Meanwhile,the safety can be guaranteed as we always go with other travelers.
What is more,there are several advantages that self-service trip on people.According planning our own trip,we can go anywhere we want without the worries about other people's feeling.Furthermore,we can determine the time we begin.The best thing we get from it is freedom,which is extraordinary and attractive.
From my standpoint,I prefer to choose guided tour for the reason that I care about my safety more than any other thing just like freedom.So if I can opt for my trip,I would like to go in a group rather than go alone.
With the development of the society, there will be more and more talented people in society and it will be more difficult to make money.
As a student getting money from our parents, we should have a good habit of saving money .
My reason can be listed as follows.
Firstly, we can buy something which we want to buy to use the money we saved.
Secondly, if we have saved a number of money, we can help some people those of who need help and it would be very meaningful.
In addition, we will become a woman's husband, a kid's dad in the future and we need to take care of our parents.
We will do this work what is our parents do now, and we need money for everyday expenses.
If we have the habit to save money, we can make a good arrangement to use our money.
If we don't know how to use our money today, we will not know how to earn money tomorrow.
In sum, saving money is a good habit.
It is not only help us how to make a good use of money, but also can affect our life now and future.
In China,from the third grade, we started to ingest English, but now many students don't attach importance to spelling in learning English.
I think there are two reasons for this:first, students need to learn the course is too much, don't have enough time to learn spelling; Second, students think that English is not their native language, not so seriously, think they will read can.
