As for Schopenhauer's moral theory, he proposed that only compassion could drive moral acts.
According to Schopenhauer, compassion alone is the good of the object of the acts, that is, they cannot be inspired by either the prospect of personal utility or the feeling of duty.
Mankind can also be guided by egoism and malice.
Egotistic acts are those guided by self-interest, desire for pleasure or happiness.
He believed that most of our deeds belong to this class.
Acts of malice are different from egotistic acts.
They do not target personal utility and their aims are to cause damage to others, independently of personal gains.
Schopenhauer's opinions were quite affected by his experience in early days.
Having a bad relationship with his mother from the childhood, Schopenhauer held bias on women.
He wrote that, "Women are directly fitted for acting as the nurses and teachers of our early childhood by the fact that they are themselves childish, frivolous and short-sighted" (Schopenhauer, 2011: 344).He opined that women are deficient in artistic faculties and sense of justice, and he expressed opposition to monogamy.
He claimed that, "woman is by nature meant to obey".
The essay--On Womendoes give some compliments that "women are decidedly more sober in their judgment than menare" and" are more sympathetic to the suffering of others"(Schopenhauer, 2011: 347).
Arthur Schopenhauer is deemed as a pessimistic philosopher.
In view of the theory of free will, he explained in three aspects.
He proclaimed that, "earthly happiness is destined to be frustrated or recognizedas an illusion.
The grounds for this lie deep in the very nature of things"(Schopenhauer, 1969: 573).Besides, he had the judgment that desiring is painful.
The reasons for it are basically two, namely, that desires originate in needs andthat those needs are painful (Fernandez, 2006: 646).
Because people keep themselves unsatisfied, they are immersed in pain for long time.
Once people get temporary satisfaction, void and unbalance come.
Schopenhauer's pessimistic views on human nature always contain a color of Nihilism.
Firstly, the deletion of will is void.
Denying the need of human leads to the destruction of rules and laws that exist above the objects, which are supposed to form the presentational world.
Secondly, human are composed of will.
Once the wills are denied, the subject left is void.
Thirdly, time and space is limitless.
As a small unit, everyone is nobody.
Therefore, eternity is doubted.
Nothing could be preserved forever.
Once the eternity disappears, all left is void.
Schopenhauer devoted all his life to find way of redemption.
He believed misery life could be redeemed by temporary liberation and abstinence to some degree (Guan Yanan, 2013: 20).
With the rapid development of science and technology,more and more high-technology products appear in our life.
there are also some matters when we use it.
with classmates would improve the friendship of each other.
Second,you can check something by it which you don't know before.
As for its disadvantages,students will play mobile phone during classes,which has an bad effect on learning.What's more,they will compare between classmates.
However,nothing that is perfect exists in the world.
As far as I'm concerned,we just need to use it in the right way.
The world is so big,why not put down the phone and go with me to have a look?I'm with you,you with me.
As is known to all,when college students graduate from university,most of them find themselves in a dilemma as they face the knotty problem of their future choices.
Should they choose to study abroad or find a job?Some graduates take the attitude that study abroad will be a good choice,but others hold the idea that they supposed to find a job to make a living.Studying abroad can promote the understanding with foreigners,expand our horizon,But the environment is unfamiliar maybe you will like a fish out of water.Find a job after graduating can develop the sense of independence and integrate into society better.However,choose a job which interested in or one pays more money is a knotty problem,too.
As for me,I prefer the latter choice that find a job to make money after graduating.Because study abroad needs lots of money.My family can't afford to the tuition.I plan to use my professional knowledge to find a well-paid job.
Last weekend, I went to the Great Wall with my family.I am very happy because I can go to the Great Wall.The city before the gate,a little boy ran to me,and he asked me where can he buy the ticket.He was very happy,and said"thank you".When he back,he told me he was come to china to travel alone.We do a self-introduction and invite him travel with me.I said to him"the Great Wall was a spectacular thing,because it symbol the chinese ,so I think it very spectacular.In the evening,we will go home,we make friends each other and agreed to write letter in the future.we were happy.L think make friends is a interesting thing.
Today,we draw a pig game in class.The name of the game called painted pigs.The teacher put the super class into two groups.
Everyone wants to draw something like pig.Students will be blindfolded by other command.Have a look with team pig paintings morn like.When you have eyes when darkness,teammates gave me strength.In the process I see the students are very hard to command,very excited very hard.Finally the end of the game,the team I was winning.I understand the teacher's intention is to let us understand the unity of this truth.
The game that you own will not be successful.Unity is strength.
Each person's unhealthy habit may have different.
So,in the university where the college students may have some unhealthy habits.
For example,first not often have breakfast.
Some college students because want to lie in result in get out of bed was late and don't have time to have breakfast.
And other college students surf the internet to watch TV and play a game still at midnight.
Similary they get out of bed was late and no time to have breakfast.
Certainly, a small number of college students are staying up late because of study until midnight.
Sencondly lose weight on a diet.
Espcially the girl, the vast majority of girl have experience of "lose weight".
But rely on exercise for weight lose and don't have much.
So there often have faint girl duo to the excessive dieting to lose weight.
In my angle of view, firstly the university should to improve the management system and measures.
Secondly, the instructors should to more deep understand the college students.
And correct guiding them which in the daily life and learning process.
Nawadays, listening is very important for us in our life.
We should look up to speakers when they talk about something who is going to listen to parents of children and understand and eliminate the generation gap.
The teacher listens to the students and understands students and meets their needs.
Students listen to each other can improve our friendship.
They can teach and learn.
So, listen to the comprehension, to establish a good interpersonal relationship.
If we do not learn to listen, then, we may be difficult to find in society.
Only learn to listen, and others will listen to you, will respect you, used to make friends with you.
Now,more and more people become rich.People have more and more activities,like tourist.
According to vocation,people feel more and more happy.Somebody always under stress,so they always feel more and more angry.They think all things is left.Then,quaillty of work is lower.So it is important for us to have a rist.And now,more and more people choose to go to vocation.
But now,bad something always happen when we have a tourist.like smoking where is not allowed.Sometimes,you could see someone speaks loudly in common.It is not right to tourist.When we go to vocation,we have got to keep some rules and polity.If you don't keep those,you will not be popular for others.
Now ,those things always happen somewhere.But more and more people always do these things every day.Sometimes,we can ask ourself,"Why are happen about these things in tourist?and we if do these things every day?
"According to News,we can know these happend every country.This is an important problem to all of world.Now,this problem need goverment and school to help.In school,teachers need to teach students refuse these.And goverment have got to do some work to deal this problem.People need to know what thing we can do or can't do.
World need everyone to profect,and please visit with polity.
Nowadays,along with the development of the network ,network become an indispensable part of us.
Network can help us to enjoy our life.For example,a lot of people love to make friends with network and fall in love.
Nevertheless,what we consider is that the cyber love can find the true love .
In my opinion, cyber love can help us relieve pressure.
If we treat each other with our sincere, we can learn a lot from each other.On the other hand, if we have difficulty,we also tell each other to find the way to solve more problems.We help each other to improve the quality of life.
Besides, in the process of the communication, we also need be ware of each other.Once you meet a person who don't treat you sincerely,you may be made heart broken.
We shouldn't talk more on the start of communication.
In that we don't confirm that the person is serious to treat you.
In a word,If two persons communicate with each other ,I believe we can find our accurate love through the network.It is said that love makes the world go round.
Along with the economic growth, private cars have penetrated into a wealth of citizens' lives because of its convenience features.
Undoubtedly, the widespread use of cars promotes the social productivity and enhances the economic development.
But we are supposed to weigh strengths and weaknesses of the popularity of cars.
To begin with, car emissions are having an immeasurable effect on the world's climate.
Solid scientific evidence can confirm this harm.
Secondly, because the car depends so heavily on fossil fuels, it is a major source of carbon dioxide that causes global warming.
Additionally, soaring ownership of cars puts tremendous pressure on the limited capacity of current transport system.
There is a heavy urban traffic flow with frequent traffic jam.
These harmful side effects of autos burden our society with unacceptable costs to human health, the environment, and our economy.
So we must reverse this rising trend and promote the mass transportation.
Our heavy reliance on private cars must be reduced.
There is a widespread concerned over the issue whether communicative competence and academic achievement who is more important.
Most of the people think the communicative competence is more than academic achievement In their views, There are two factors to contribute to his or her attitude, on the one hand ,They think we should study hard than before because we are university student, Inthe near future we must into the community.
On the other hand ,the communicative competence is the bridge of between person and person .
Most of the people think the academic performance is very important.
They think we are only a student ,we are the most important thing is to learn .
Every coin has two sides .
I think follow your heart, do what you want , you can get it.
The letter is to prove that Mis.Susan Hobson is a secretary who worked in office for two years.
She is good at English and German as well speaking language.
I think she can work as an interpreter.
During the job time,on the one hand Susan Hobson is a person with hard-working,loyal to her job, on the other hand she is an honesty person who is an excellent secretary.
Hi,John,i'mLiHua,you penfriend.
Recently, Igot a news:you were admitted to the princeton university.
First of all,congratulations, in fact I want to go to prince university too.
OH,right,do you have time?I want to inviation you come china,china have a lot of beautiful place.if you come china,I will take you play all around.
Thanks for writing to me about your school life.Now I'm talking to you mine.
I usually get up at half past six.Then I wash and leave home at six forty-five.My mother always drives me to school.I have my breakfast in the car.And at about seven five to school.
Our first lesson start at half past seven.We usually have math,Chinese,English,physics,chemistry and so on.I think physics is difficult and it never be ma favourite lesson,but I'll be hard-working.Chemistry is my favourite lesson.
Our chemistry teacher is very kind and patient and we all like him.I will get good grades in his teaching.
I always do my homework at seven o'clock.Finally,I go to bed about ten.This my shcool life.I'm look forward to writing to me again.
Bye for now.
Zhang Si.
Along with the step of globalization and education reformation, more and more parents select to have single-child for the sake of single-child policy.
The policy appears with advantages and disadvantages.
Most of Chinese suppose that a family with one child is superior to those with more children.
For one thing, many people will try their best to achieve career success and have little time to care about their children, for another, if they only raise one child then can afford children's education better.
Nevertheless there are also some negative opinions about the one-child family.
They suppose it is better to have a major family.
In the big family, people will asist with each other when they have difficulty.
It can form the characteristic of helpful.
What is more, the more children they have, the little loneliness they will feel.
Children from the one child family may be extremely selfish for the sake of they do not recognize how to care about others.
Weighing the pros and cons of being an only child, I am inclined to agree with the latter one.
I am from the big family, I always feel very happy when I am stay with my sister.
And we have many good memories of our childhood.
In accordance with this, I think a big family can be happier than one child family.
When I was young, my parents sent me to school and told me that I need to study hard.
Now, I am a college student and I realize the importance of education.
Education can make you feel substantial.
I'm an English major, but I always feel that my ability of English is not better than those who major in music, mathematic or physics.
Actually, I'm a little discouraged, because I don't have a sense of achievement of being an English major.
But in last winter, my friend and I went to KFC to have lunch.
The radio broadcast "May I have your attention please..." when we were eating our food.
Then, my friend asked me,"What's the meaning of 'May I have your attention'?".
It means she wants you to listen to her.
She told me that she didn't know that, because she wasn't an English major and that was a little unacquainted to her.
At that moment, I was so proud of myself.
Education can create a bright future for you.
I wasn't a hard-working student when I was in high school, but there were many struggling students in my class.
For example, my deskmate was so diligent.
When I was chatting with others, he was studying; When I was eating dinner, he was studying and so on.
I admired him so much.
Now, I am in Liaocheng University, but he is in Tsinghua University.
Education can make your life more colorful.
The higher education you accept, the broader field of vision you have.
Obviously, the view of a beggar is deeply different from a professor.
Education is an admirable and important thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing worth knowing can be taught.
We are pleased to inform you that the goods of NO.J-29 Sales Confirmation have been shipped by S.S. "Zhenzhu" and will be transshipment by S.S."May Flower" in Hong Kong.This contract is deal with cost and freight price.We sent fax to you on March,15,2013 so that you can insure promptly.
APEC held,brought a 'miracle'--APEC blue.It refers to the blue sky during the APEC week.
The sky was so clear and beautiful that many people have appealed to us to protect the environment, which can lead to the common APEC blue, not to be a 'miracle' any more.
To make this dream come true, many measures are needed to be taken.
First of all, we should lead a low-carbon lifestyle, so take more public transport.
Second, use something that can be reused many times more often.
Last but not least, from now on, try to do little things as we can.
My room is very big and is very nice.
They are books,pens,rulers, model plane,a bed,and a clock.
My pens,rulers and a clock are on the table.
My books are in the bookcase.
The model plane is under my bed.
I love my room.
I found that you'd like to know something about Chinese Spring Festival from your latest letter.So I'll introduce some interesting custom to you.
As we all know,Spring Festival is one of the most important Festival to Chinese.It not only means the start of spring when everything in the nature begin to grow,but also means the new year during which people wish to have a big harvest.
Before the Festival,we usually clean our house which means to sweep away bad luck.We cook LABA porridge involved in many kinds of grain.We decrate our home with coupletand paper with thw words that may bring happiness,and everything is red.We use red to drive away a monster appeared in old Chinese story.
Every body is waiting for the new year to come.Just on the day before the new year,people eat delicious dumplings and have to stay up late until the next day.The exciting sound of firecracker won't stop until the Festival is over.We say "Happy Chinese Spring Festival" to relatives and friends,and there is a possibility that we can get money from the old called YaSuiQian.
With the rapidly developing economy,everyone faces the problems of choosing a career that we should choose what we like doing or choose a steady job.This issue has aroused more and more people's concern,especially for people who will be graduated from university.
What should we do?To make a wise choice,two suggestions occur to me.For one thing,we should combine our own characteristic with career that we will be up to,just because a career has its feature.For another thing,we should also relate to our situation either good or bad.
As for my choice in the future,I firstly consider what suit me rather than casually choosing a steady job for we are still young.We are able to choose what we like doing.
Point:I like this writing class.
Support1:This is my favorite style.A:The lecture is very interesting.B:Can interact with.C:The teacher is very kind.
Support2:The teaching material.A:The book is very useful.B:Give me enough time thinking.
Support3:time.A:Give us enough time to rest.B:Class over.
With the development of education,it is well-known to us all that the formal examination is took as play one of the most important role in our life for a long time.
But now a growing number of people hold the view that formal examination is out of data and it needs in quest for some reformation while others argue that formal examination is still a reliable method to measure one's ability.
In my opinion, I support the view that we should make some changes in formal examination.Taking as an example the university entrance examination in which we were involved.As far as we are concerned,if only we had been the more familiar with the textbook and have good command of the knowledge which the teachers convey,the more likely can you have access to the institution of higher learning.The reality confirms that this examination has been taken as an assessment system,which was handled by the national government who intends to select talents from the crowed.However,as every coin has two sides.This assessment system is only suitable for cram teaching.As time gone,this assessment system's weakness is exposed to the society.To get recognition from college,what we need is not only the excellent performance in the high school but also creation responsibility and so on.
Limits to the educational level of P.R.china,it is hard to take action to make some changes in formal examination right now.There is no doubt that it has brought some benefits to china's future development,meanwhile, it is also needs working hard.In short,I wish the assessment system can be more flexible as soon as possible.
Today I want to tell you something about shopping online.
Nowadays,shopping online is becoming more and more popular.
Websites such as Taobao and Amazon have already become a part of our life.
First,I believe you need to register an account on the website.
Then you will be a member of the website for e-shop and you can buy things you need on this website.
Secondly,you need to key in the name of the things you want to search for some resources so that you can make your choice.
After selecting,you have confirmed the things you need and you should put them into your own "shopping cart" so you can pay for them.
After the credit card payment,all things you need to do is waiting for someone sending them to your house.
With the rapid development of biotechnology, clone has been applied to many fields.
We have cloned sheep, cloned dogs and can clone any other creatures except human beings ourselves.
I am convinced that we should limit the clone technology.
First, the abuse of cloning may increase the crimes.
If one of the cloned people did a crime, it may make it difficult for the police because they share the same fingerprint, genes even the character.
Worse than, if someone had mental disease and cloned himself many times, it is difficult to imagine the result.
Secondly, it also does harm to the human values.
Without clone, we cherish the lives.
However, with the help of clone technology, it may change.
To illustrate, someone has a very lovely dog and one day it passed away.
However there is no need to be sad because with help of clone technology he can clone a dog which is same with the one he owned.
Sadly, it may do a great to his sadness for the death of the dog and it is also easily for him to have a thought that we can have a second, third even fourth chance of lives.
Gradually, we, like him, would not cherish lives, even our owns and we become cold to lives, our friends, our family and our hearts.
Having delivered those, I do not agree with the application of the clone technology.
such a important project that I can't wait to come up with my ideas on how to promote it.
Firstly,I think we should set up a no-car day every week in our school,because car not only make air-pollution that is bad for peoples health,but also waste many gases,therefore,we are supposed to take the measure to reduce pollution and protect the resource on the earth.Students and teachers in school are not allowed to drive to school,only walk,run or cycle to school.
secondly,I think the government also plays a great role in promoting low-carbon lifestyle,we should also suggest it let people realize the significance of protect environment through education.Meanwhile,,the government should make a law to punished people who destroy the environment deliberately.
so it is wise to use bags which can be reused again and again.
into the practice,just let us remember these words:low-carbon lifestyle,let us do it now.
Every family is all the same.They will do lots of home work in the daily life.It's very boring.Our parents always do that,so we don't need to think about it.But if you ever care about your mother.You should help her to do some housework.Her heart will feel warm,and you will be proud of yourself.
At the first we should learn to do some housework.It's the most diffcult part.Because you maybe will spend a lot of time to learn it.But if you know well.You will like help your mother to do some housework.Beacuse you can feel that,your mother will not geeting tired,she need some times to have a rest.And you give her this time.Your and your mother will getting cloest.
That's all,I hope you can remember what I said.It is very uself in our daily life.
As we all know,curiosity is very important to us,so we should cultivate curiosity in our dailylife.And we should pay attention to a benefit way.Because curiosity is the teacher of learning,it is very useful for us to learn.curiosity can spur us to learn something effectively.
Curiosity is born with us,we shouldn't limit to curiosity.Accoding to a recent study:curiosity have a good effect on us and it may be lead us to sucess.There are plently of facts have proved that is correct.For exemple,Newton is curious about the falling of apples ,so he found the Law of universal gravitation.It's a great discovery.
Also curiosity is the source of creativity.Creativity is very important for us to discover many things.Creativity also is the way to improve our country.
As far as I am concerned,curiosity is very important for us .we should make it usefully,using it to our work and work,not limiting it.Try to use it fully.
As a student,it is of importance to make and maintain a green campus.
Campus is an ideal place for studying and building character.
We should begin to realize that it is our duty to make our campus green and active.
Green campus is that not only refers to a green environment, but also refers to a harmonious human environment.
To begin with, the development on the campus is to be sustainable and recyclable.
Reusing the old books can not only save money but also protect the environment because it can reduce the number of trees which are cut.
What's more, we'd better be aware of the seriousness of the pollution around us.
Sorting the daily garbage into different trash cans is one of the simplest actions that have the greatest impact.
The school student union will put more attention in making our school green.Students should take more efforts to do it except for studying.
It is necessary that effective actions should be taken to protect our campus from waste and pollution.
A beautiful and green campus should every member on campus to make some actions.
Testing a person by examinations is exposed to more and more suspicions.Some people had the belief that children should hard work to pass examinations.Only in that way they can have a access to be a reliable person.In quest for a better life,people spend lots of time to pass examinations.but I disagree on this.Not only students but also some adults don't like this way to test a person.More and more high school students tend to go to work earlier,because most of teacher teach student by crame teaching.As a result,the students' innovation ability is decreased.
There is a real limit-ion to the ability of students to think independently.We need to remember that everyone should have enough thinking space to study the knowledge.Formal examinations is not fit everybady,just like me,i really don't like the formail examinations.
In my opinion,formal examinations are out of date,it should be improved.
Nowadays, we all have the generation gap with our parents.
As far as I am concerned that our parents do not understand the emotion of ours.
Also, we talk with our parents more and more less.
Then we find there are many misunderstandings between youngsters and parents.
In my opinion there are two reasons to lead to the generation gap in the family.On the one hand,there is a little time to have a good chatting.
Parents are very busy in something.On the other hand,along with the children grow up that they make the new friends.They refer to spending more time chatting with their friends.
The social cause of the generation gap is that parents and children were grown up in different times.Parents always desire their children to do what they desire.But they are not aware of the child's feeling.
The generation gap can not be avoid.However we all need to understand the feelings between parents and children.Trying our best to avoid the generation gap.
With the development of society, civilized behavior plays an increasingly important role in our lives.
However, I always see some immoral behaviors in life.
For example, whenever I go to classroom, I felt the classroom is very smell, because there are a lot of junk in the drawer, and looked very sick, the host of the rubbish is other class of students, when they leave this classroom, they did not take away these rubbish.
I think this behavior is very immoral, this behavior to others brings trouble, it not only let people feel uncomfortable but also does harm to the image of our school, and person will think of to make this kind of behavior's people is an immoral man.
So I think if our produce junk, we should throw junk into garbage can, rather than let junk stay where, and schools should enact related regulations.
In a nutshell, as college students of the new age, in order to create a harmonious society, we should pay attention to ourselves behavior whether morality, we should strive to become a moral person, and have moral behaviors in public, this world would be a better place to live in.
The leader need good to delivery intel well.
I get the most worth lesson form my parent.
Today's people use phone anywere.
Rainfoerst make a lot of oxygen.
The dictonary is important when study foreign word.
The high school want student keep good score.
Today's science can let us speak with the people in other country.
The nature can give us the knowlegde school can not learn.
If you want to be a good citizen, you should obey the rules.
Ride bike is good for health, and make people excitement.
I want to travel allof the country in Europe.
Contrast share with anther people, introverted people even more like think by themselves.
Recently,the news that a freshman obliged her mother to buy a trio of apple product,which had her mother cry really shocked me.How come?
As can be told from such phenomenon,students now lack sense of responsibility,besides,it must be a failure of education.At my point of view,it is those who were spoiled at childhood that will do those unexpected terrible things towards there parents.
Why do students think that they should modern device with them when they are going to college.Maybe it is indispensable as our society develops,while our government should try to avoid it by educating.
I'm C. It's great to hear from you.
This year is a very amazing year for me because I finally become a student of senior high.
My first memory of Yizhong is my classmates sitting in the classroom.
They all sat in silence and looked obedient.
There are more activities in senior high, such as club activities, PE elective courses and art elective courses.
My favorite activity is volleyball, so of course, I take it as my PE elective course.
The first teacher I know is the teacher in charge of my class.
The first time I "met" my teacher was on the internet.
We chatted in the QQ group and I found he was humorous and active.
So, soon, he won the hearts of my classmates and me.
The girl sits on the left of me was my classmate in junior high school called Sun Ailin.
I believe we are best friend forever.
I still feel excited about the beginning of the new term and I hope I can form good relationship with all of my classmates.
Write back to me soon.
Talents are needed in the society.They are recognized to make much contribution to the world.
In our class,more and more students think the mark is essential.To start with,they think that excellent marks can prove their abilities.Next,they believe that a perfect mark can help them to get a good job.
In fact, not only our class but also the society has this phenomenon.Many students pay attention to the marks,they think the higher marks can prove that they are superior to others.
And still have some people think that the ability is much more important than the marks.They suppose that if they have some abilities,they can use them in the future.
In my opinion,both the mark and the ability are important,they are never conflicting,if we want to get a higher mark or some abilities,we all need to try our best to learn in the class.And if we can do that,we can become useful to the society.
Now lots of parents don't want their children to do housework,because they think that doing housework is not better than doing homework.
But I don't think so,I think as a student we should do some housework for our parents.
Let us talk about the advantages about doing housework.
Besides,expect learning how to study well it's also sensible to know how to make our life better how to make ours feel happy.
What is more.
Doing housework can improve our independent ability.
If parents leave you alone you will take care of yourself very well and your parents shouldn't worry about you too.It can ease the burden on your parents.
Put off your pencil and enjoy the happiness form housework now.You will love it.
I was very shocked when I watch this news in a newspaper.
It was unbelievable that collage studens should hired a cleaner .
what they did makes me angry and I completely object to theirs deeds.
On the one hand, I can't deny that many parents protect theirs kids too much and give as much love as they can.
They may do everying at home instead of letting their kods do.
What they have done really cutivates their kids a lazy and reliable personality.
In addition, it does harm to their kids'future self-development.
On the other hand, as college students who have received high education , they should ha ve command of some relative knowledge and posses ability to do their own things by themselves.
From another aspect, their actions embodied their lack of considerate affection.
Although hiring a cleaner to do laundry is extremely common in our life, what's concerned by all of us is that contemporary college students can't be equipped with the capaility of independence.
Through this news, we must pay more attention to improve ourself .
I think that parrots are a good choice to keep.
It's happy for you to play with parrots.
The following is the reason why I prefer keeping the parrot than keeping other animals.
First, the parrots can live for up to 50 years.
They can live with you for many years.
Besides, it's not difficult for you to get a response from parrots to your spirits.
For example, they will make you happy when you are sad or angry.
As a result, they will become the interesting part in your daily life.
What's more, the parrots are clever enough, so it's easy for them to speak.
Parrots make the best pets for you.
You can live in a happy life with parrots.
Today, The lovers get married, Tie the knot.
Tonight, The fragrance diffuse in the time space among, Elixir of Love.
In this romantic the Seasons, The groom embracing his the moon, Sit named "love of Sweet Dream" on the ship, To begin Warm and Pleasant of Rose trip, Breaking the waves and set sail.
This is a soul-stirring century love fate.
This is a kind of like crystals of be in love.
This is a Perfect Match of love poem.
Wish you Fly Wing to Wing.
Use good idea enjoy a trip to The same blue sky.
Wish you resemble the Crow Feed Parents, Use unselfish love to warmth your Elderly parents .
Always bath love river, Together Bear wind and rain, Life to old age together, Happiness happy.
As we kown happiness is incloud many aspects such as living comfortable,feeling good,and so on.How to enhance our sense of happiness?
First of all,I think we should make ourself feel good ,please forget your bad mermory and try to remember what things make you happy.If you do like that you will find the world is not worse as we think.Then,you'd better do some sports.Doing sport not only make you strong bue also relax your mind,you will release pressure after doing sports.Last but not least,listening music is a best way to enhance our sense of happiness.Music like a water which can clean you dirty mind.Expecially soft music ,it can make you comfortable when you are sad.
In my opnion,it is important to adjust state of mind.Where there is a will,there is a way.Happiness is always around us.
The food enters your body by the mouth,and travels down the gullet,then gets into your stomach,small intestine and large intestine.
The digested food molecules pass into the cells lining the inside of the intestine.The blood carrys them to the cells in all parts of the body,and they take part in the cell's metabolism.
Dr.William Beaumount found out by observing a wounded stomach which with a big hole.He made the conclusion is:the food itself in the stomach made the muscles contract and the juices pour out;the food itself started up the changes which resulted in its own digestion.
Ivan P.Pavlov.A Russian scientist found out by an experiment on a dog's stomach how the juice was created.The conclusion is the presence of food in the mouth started nerve impulses that went to the brain and then to the cells of the stomach,which then secreted or poured out juices.
When food enters the mouth,a nerve impulse goes to the medulla.When the impulse reaches the stomach the muscles contract and the cells secrete their juices.Physically and chemically,digestion has started.After the food reaches the stomach,more juices are secreted.At this molecules small enough to be sent by the cells of the intestine into the blood vessels.
Nowadays, student in growing number tend to live under the illusion that they pay little attention to their spelling in learning English.
The spell, however, is one of the most important factors in learning English.
The reasons for this are as follows.
In the first place, a majority of students have unpleasant associations with spelling .They seem to fail to take into account the word is a spell.
In the second place, for the past this years, the teachers who in the high school have not required the word's spelling.
The last, In China, there are many multiple-choice questions in the English exam so that they neglected the spelling.
In order to solve this situation.
It is no use pretending that you were just saying.
We should take some effective measures.
Firstly, students should get into the habit of spelling the words.
Secondly, we should bring home to students the importance of spelling words in learning English.
Finally, to learn English well is based on spelling.
It pays to pay much attention to their spelling.
The Youth Olympic Games will be held in Nanjing in 2014.
It is one of the world's most important compertitions .
There are many purposes of The Youth Olympic Games.
The young athletes were all over the world together, and for them to celebrate.With a unique and powerful way to promote the Olympic spirit.Stimulate an innovative form ofsocial challenges on the Olympic spirit and education and discussion.Youth Olympic spirit of harmony in the festive atmosphere ofjoyful sharing of cultures around the world.To various youth groups around the world to promote the Olympic spirit.Sports among young people to enhance awareness and participation.in the Olympic movement as a development platform for innovation.be able to represent the highest internationallevel of competition one of the sport.The principles ofthe Youth Olympic.
As a youth,i should follow the olympic spirit,do everything more better.
I think 2014 Nanjing's Youth Olympic Games will be a big success.
With the development of economy and the progress of technology we can get news by many ways, such as newspaper, internet, phone and so on.
But i think the internet as a better source of news.
For one thing, the internet is less polluted than newspaper.
Many people book the newspaper to get news, but after they red it, they will put it aside everwhere that will lead to pollut of environment.
Otherwise, the newspaper is made by tree, so the number of newspaper with the tree is equal.
In that aspect, the internet is more environmental than newspaper.
For another, the convenience and shortuct are characteristic of internet.
Anytime, we can get latest news in the world from it whatever politics, music or sports.
And we can know more people's attitude about some news whether it is objict or not.
In internet, if we want to know the news that we are interesting, we just input key words in internet.
It is more convenient than nespaper.
In addition, in the time that with techology, the internet as a better source of news that so environmental, speedy, comprehensive and convenient.
Allow me to explain my personal views by shortly mentioning the fallowing points, off the top of my mind, I want to describe the Italy, because the Italian culture will be a shock to me.
In other words, it is called the "culture shock".
for example ,the people ,food and even the weather will be completely different from what I am used to know.
I pay more attention to the ltalian .because they have different and strange behaviors ,such as social etiquette,, in china when people meet with others, they often shake hands, on contrast, in Italy people have a special etiquette , they will kiss face to each other.
What is more ,about the gift, Chinese to visit others always carrying some gifes which are very expensive, however, Italian will take a very small gift , such as a bunch of flowers.
So Italian are very romantic.
All in all, Italy is the most romantic country all over the world, there are various luxuries incluing clothing and soprts cars , so Italy attracts more and more people to visit.
As is symbolically illustrated in the cartoon, there are a large number of people in separate room who are surfing on line by a stretching spider web, either to entertain themselves or to meet the work needs.
Unfortunately, the stretching spider net not only enable them to communicate with others but also separate them from each other.
We are informed that spider web can serve as a symbol of internet, which connect people and isolate them from each other at the same time.
The picture subtly reflect a thought-provoking phenomenon that accompanying with the rapid development of internet technique and it's widespread application in our daily life, people have reduced the face-to-face contact while enjoying the convenience brought by the internet.
As a result, they incline to chat with other strangers online but reluctant to talk with their friends in real-life.
For instance, as a college student, we can get online to discuss news with others on BBS, where we can share our ideas and release our emotions without any obstacle and shyness.
On the contrary, it is impossible for us to chat with others as we do online and we even don't want to speak more, simply playing our mobile phone when we attend a party.
To some extent, more and more people have indulged in the virtual reality, which make them lost the basic skill of direct contact and alienated from others.
Therefore, internet, as a most popular thing in modern life, is a double-edged sword, which exert a profound influence on human communication.
There is no doubt that we can benefit a lot from it.
Nevertheless, if we simply engage us in it, this obsession will certainly ruin our real-life.
It is imperative for us to bring the internet communication under control and attach more attention to our actual life.
Only in this way can we lead to a positive and fruitful life.
Nowadays,if you say you haven't overheard "low-carbon life",you must be old-fashioned ,because "low-carbon life" had become a social buzzwords several years ago.
The so-called "low-carbon life" refers to trying our best to reduce the amount of energy consumption in our daily life,so as to reduce the emissions of carbon--carbon dioxide especially.
As an undergraduate--the successor of society,to live on,we must actively participate in the process of "low-carbon life" .There are numbers of ordinary things we can do to practice "Low-carbon Lifestyle".For instance,to save paper,paper should be written at each side;to save electricity, we should turn off lights when leaving,and if the laptop is run only for listening to music,we should dim the displayer of laptop or even turn off it,and so on.
"Low-carbon Lifestyle" isn't a kind of ability but a kind of attitude to our own life.It isn't necessary for us to know its definition,but we cann't forget to practice it.
Hello, everybody.
Nice to meet you.
My mame is LiJing.
I'm a 18-year-old gril.
My personality is lively and outgoing.
So I enjoying making friends.
I like painting very much.
But it may not have any talent, and it's not very good.
My dream is becoming an excellent architect.
I want to try my best to learn it well.
I wish we can help each other.
we can also help each other in life.
I believe we can get alone well with eath other.
In addition, if I have offended you dear exhibitions.
Strage environment, unfamiliar people, don't understand each other.
But I think we will have so much fun.
Thank you for listening.
Abstract:Advertising slogan is a common language form in daily life.
While some certain value, custom and thinking models, to a major extent, restrict the advertising slogan and its expression, and influence the advertising campaign in every country.
Based on different cultures, advertising slogan has some differences accordingly.
The essay takes the different cultures of china and foreign countries as a key point, discussing the influence on advertising slogan.
With the development of social economy, ad has become an indispensable part of life.
Advertising slogan, the finishing touch of ad, has an essential effect on the victory and failure of ad's results.
Advertising slogan is the special combination of language and economy, and it is also a kind of distinctively unique language form and style.
It plays an increasingly crucial role in ad as a communicative language.
Owing to different historical developments, different nations form different cultural connotations.
Aiming at different cultural differences, advertiser should adopt different strategies and respect every nation's traditional culture.
Only by this way can advertising slogan achieve the expect results.
Otherwise, the expression of ad will be influenced and some disturbs will be caused.
I am going to discuss value's, custom's and thinking models' influence on advertising slogan.
The influence of different value on advertising slogan.
The value of Chinese culture has a deep humanism spirit, emphasizing collectivism and cooperation, highly praising selfless dedication, reflecting a spirit of great things may be done by mass effort, such as the slogan "we will make you satisfied by providing high quality and efficient service, and make a greater contribution to human medical health together, which fully reflects the value of Chinese people.
However, western people advocate individuality, civil rights and independence.
So they are fighting for advocating individuality and personality, such as the slogan: choice of a new generation.
This is the slogan of pepsi.
The influence of different custom on advertising slogan.
Custom comes into being on a certain culture background.
It is a ideology, values and behavior.
It also decides how the people feel about different phenomena and influences people's behavioral approach.
Once forming, custom has stability.
It can't be changed easily.
Every nation has some deep-rooted psychological characteristics which influence the life and custom of people and restrict the communication of people.
Chinese people have a culture psychology of seeking luck and avoiding ominous and a concept of honoring parents and cherishing children.
Eg: Jin Liufu, the Fu alcohol of Chinese people.
Kongfu spirits, make people homesick.
The two slogans match the culture psychology of Chinese people, deeply moved the heart of audience.
While western people always migrate, they are indifference about the family concept.
Therefore, they have few slogans reflecting the above culture psychology.
So, the slogans should reflect these habits.
Only by doing this can the slogan achieve an ideal result.
Otherwise the slogans will lose their value and meaning.
The influence of different thinking models on advertising slogan.
The research of advertising slogans reveals the relationship between linguistic culture and thinking models which have national traits.
Necessarily, different culture styles lead to different thinking models.
The ad of China pays attention to intuitive thinking, while western culture emphasizes logical thinking.
These differences mirror different thinking models.
Eg: Huamei freezer gives you a cold world.
Let the sunshine of winter kiss you.
The first slogan directly expresses the features and functions of the product, which reflects the intuitive thinking.
The second slogan takes cosmetic as the sunshine of winter, which reflects the logical thinking.
Nowadays,with the development technology,many people like seeking thrill online.But there is a heavy price for seeking thrill online.
As far as I am concerned,first of all,it can waste much time to seek thrill online,which can influence the students" study.Sometimes,students can spend much time surfing in theInternet,charting,playing games,so that their parents can be angry at them.Secondly,seeking thrill online is bad for our health.For example,it can hurt our eyes,and there is much radiation for people.What is more,we also need to pay for the resource.The last but not least,the information online can be false,so it is unsafe for us to seek the thrill online sometImes.
Swierland is an developed country which is located in the center of the Europe.Swierland covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.The population of Swierland is 7500000.The capital is Berne and it also has the city called Geneva which is famous aii over the world.
Swierland is situated next to Austriia,Fnance,Italy and Germany.Swizerland has a beautiful scenery.The sky is blue,the water is so clear that we can see the fish swim in the river.So,people call Swizerland ''The Garden Of The World''.
Swizerland not only has a beautiful scenery,but its industry is also very-developed,especially the watches,chemietry and the food.The economy is also well-developed.If you have the chance to Swierland,you will like it.
As the Internet into every family, B2C E-business mode development, they gradually change our life-style.
And the online shopping is the most important of the E-business.
Now online shopping already become a kind of fashion, online shopping has many advantages.
First, it brings a lot of convenience to our life.
Second, It save us a lot of labor costs and help us save our time.
Finally, It can we provide a lot of goods information and the local no goods, At the same time provide us the non-cash mode of doing business.
Although online shopping has many advantages, but he still has many shortcomings.
Such as the true and false and credit business, When we meet the goods problem solutions, how to solve the goods transport with the problems.
Despite online shopping has many shortcomings, but it is the development direction of future shopping way.
As a consumer, we should be positive support it.
At the same time In order to support the development of the network shopping, modern logistics should be continuous development.
Good luck for the E-business.
nowadays,more and more serious events of food safety happened frequently.such as poisonous meat leaded to people took disease and the harmful milk made many babies to have a big head ,result in a lots of babies dead.
there are many reasons for this problems.first,the corporation are driven by benefit .
the food of medicine to growth as quickly as possible what we need.in order to earning the large number of money.
second,the government did not take better measures of making sure the quality of food.
plans and standers for quality of food .
what is more the company should be honest to consumer.
People are always remembering something for a short time.Maybe you can remember it today,tomorrow you'll forget it without someone's reminding,maybe you'll forget it entirely.
For this reason,keeping a notebook become a essential as a memory mehod.People can benefit from keeping a notebook.It has many advantages.First of all,keeping a notebook is a good way which can remind us of important contents.Secondlu,it helps us deepen our impression in our minds and make us remember something easily.Most important of all,keeping a notebook is our wealth.It benefit us in all our life.We need to learn to do this:Live and remember.
Now,we should discuss this question.How can we keep a notebook on earth?In other words,how can we keep a notebook effectively?In my opinion,important informations are key.When you want to keep a notebook about an important contents in a hurry,you need to choose its important points,catch those key words.It help you remember quickly and save time.
In a word,keeping a notebook is good for us.We should form this habit in our daily llife.Keeping it and you'll have unexpected results.
After i have watched the film,i wrote this report.
The film is talk about the World War 2.The main chereter named Louie Zamperini.He was an American soler and in one task his plane crash into the sea.He was caught by the Japanese and lead a hard.But in the end he get freedom!
When i saw this film i cried.I aslo thinked why Louie can save himself?I and he are the same just live on the Earth.He can endure the pain and stick to principles.He loved his country .he had many advantages.
I should lean them in my life.
As we all know,the tradional festivals is one of the excellent tradional culture in China,and the provisions of the festival is the Chinese nation formed over thousands of years.As a Chinese we should attach importance to it.
On the one hand,the tradional festival embodies the relationship between human and nature,and reflect the connections between people.On the other hand,the boring life become colorful because of all kinds of funny festivals,but modernization makes people changed the way of life.What is worse,many festivals are watered down slowly.Therefore,we call please attaches great importance to the tradional festival.First,we should know festival,and strengthen the protection consjciousness.Then,the governments should be exemplary role.
Please pay attention to the tradional festivals,and enrich our life.
Long time no see,so I misss you very much.The purpose of this letter is to invite you to attend our party and I hope you can come.
If you can come,please come to the school gate at seven o'clock and I will wait you and other people.Next,we will ride to the place where we will have picnic.If you like some food, you can also bring to share with us.I have allready prepare all the food which we need.Then,after lunch,we plan to row in the lack.We can chat on the boat, eat snacks and enjoy the scenery.I think we will have a wonderful picnic!
I really hope you can come.
There are more than six billion people in the world.
If we depart them into different kinds, there is maybe not so many.
For instance, according to color of face, there are white, black and yellow people.
As for courage which people do things with, there are also three parts, the confident people, and the unconfident people, and the half-confident people.
There are amounts of confident people in the world.
Confident people always do things according to themselves decisions instead of the others.
They always believe their choices are always right.
Even though sometime they will fail.
But they will never lose their hopes.
", and the answer often is that, "nothing is right.
The only right thing is to realize the goal.
And we can't know whether what we think will let the dream come true.
So the right way is that just to do the methods you think now.
If they fail, they will never give up.
And those are the attitudes the confident considering things.
On the contrary, the unconfident people take up a large part of the society.
Not same with the confident people, most of them will never realize their dreams.
The reason is that they always think things in this way which at the other end point of the confident one think in.
They always think they are not the best.
Failure to them is the fate, and they always give up when the failure come to them.
The ones between the confident and the unconfident people are the half-confident people.
The differences from the other two parts are those people's attitudes toward courage of success.
Most of them will not think things in one point, sometimes as the confident ones and sometimes as the unconfident ones.
So the future of them is too hard to indicate.
They need the confident people or proper people's lead or teach.
Everyone knows confidence is the important character to human beings selves and the society needs it too.
It is sure that there are many reasons leading to the unconfident situation, families, society, and other surroundings.
There are also many ways that can cure the unconfident ones.
And among these methods, the easiest way is to say, "I can do it" to yourself every day.
I think it will be very advance and convenient.
Study fashion in the future.
I think all students will not go to school, instead, they will study on the Internet.
Students that like this studying way.
Operative fashion in the future.
Workers will.
Can work on the Internet, so that they go to work is very convenient.
This operative fashion already becomes one kind habit for people.
In the future, more and more people like to go shopping online.
Trip mode is much more.
For example, train and magnetically levitated train and so on.
Future life is absolutely nice and happiness.
With the development of economic, people have a better life than before, the living environment better, and better material conditions, people have enough economic conditions do the things they like.
But I think the rapid pace of current social and economic development is not a good thing.
Firth of all, the government focus on the economic and current social development, that can miss some important things, for example, the environment and people's quality of life.
So it will cause that people won't like the social life and environment, but they have enough money.
Just like China, before people want to have much more money, but they look down the environment, so in nowadays, people are not ini trouble with economic, but people didn't like the environment like the smog in Beijing.
Secondly, I think with the economic development, the difference between the rich and the poor has become wider.
Digestion is the breakdown of food into smaller components that can be more easily absorbed by the cells lining the inside of the intestine.
With the help of teeth and the contraction of the stomach and the intestine.
Food chunks are broken up physically.
The big molecules are decomposed into smaller material chemically by the digestive juices.
These smaller molecules are taken in by intestine and then they are carried to the cells in all parts of the body by vessels.
At last they are released in the form of energy.
It is Dr.Beaumont who found out that the food in the stomach made the muscles contract and the food itself starts up its own digestion.
Pavlov's study showed how the food made the stomach juice flow.He developed the idea that food itself starts its own digestion going further.
Acctually,digestion is a kind of reflex.
The vagus nerves bring impulse which causes by the sight,the smell even the thought of food to the stomach, then the stomach cells begin to secret juice.
Some partly digested food can stimulate certain stomach cells secret a kind of hormone called gastrin, which is also helpful to digestion.
When the food travels down the digestive tract and enters the intestine, the juices secreted by liver and pancreas make the food digested further .Finally, food broken down small enough to be moved by the cells of the intestine into the blood vessels.
Over the years,I have a dream that I can apply for the university and I am so hard for it.
Later,I came here.
I am a characterless person,but have a word that: The flower that smells the sweetest is shy and lowly.
I admire: I am a few words girl sometimes,but I met a thing at college,it is that I join in the college's TV,and became a reporter,when a reporter is far much better than sleeping or watching movies in the dorm.that's my half a year university life is the most important experience.
The one of most interesting experience is that my roommates,my dorm has five classmates.
They come from around the China, there is a person like sports,I called her the"ball friend".there is a person like to travel,I called her the "bicycle friend".there is a person we have dinner and go to class together,I called her"dinner friend".For the enrichment and fun,I greatly satisfied with my university life,but I have not get a deep-rooted of love,very sorry but it is worth looking forward to.
My university life is filled with happyness,because I overlook the bad thing.Nowcollege life continues,the story is happens every day,I can not record every moment of it,but I can precipitate the best.
i like college life,because i an to do anything in there.i have my own time,college life is a new experience for me.in college ,i can give me a sense of responsibiility of being on myself.i like to wendays off,something i could not do in highschool.in this times,i can call my friends to piay.
if i need money i can to do partimejod.
in collegelift,we can make a lot of different friends,such as my roomates ,they are come form different place,we often share with our hometown food.
do you like ma college life?my school welcome you.
American venture capital firms look at Europe as their new target market for that Europe offers them interesting, albeit challenging, opportunities to build global companies outside Silicon Valley.
The economic environment, advanced researches in high-tech areas, and the success of new markets attract more and more Americans to invest in Europe.
Besides, opportunities offered by European institutions and the desire to commercialize research also push people less risk-adverse to start business.
Beyond all questions, establishing offices locally is of vital importance because it helps get better known about the local markets and culture.
And London is favorable to American VCs to explore European market.
With respect to the investment models, most of the American VCs set up dedicated funds for Europe while others may choose setting a global fund.
In addition, different companies have different investment focus, and the high-tech areas are more popular.
But setting up businesses in Europe is not as easy as expected on account of the differences between America and Europe.
And rushing into deals also brings American VCs great loss.
The current market downturn can urge entrepreneurs to think over operating companies rather than looking for quick money.
On the other hand, US VCs find their way to survive and they are good at finding small gaps to compete with local companies, such as in the early-stage investments in young companies in high growth sectors.
It is a good sign for the long run.
In sum, though there are some obstacles that need to be removed, the development prospects are optimism, and Europe still has huge potential for American VCs.
Nowadays some adolescent have lost their ways and feel confuse about their future which have aroused widespread attention for the whole society.As a matter of fact,most of these teenagers haven't a clear idea about how to do and what they want to be,even where they go and who they are.
Considering the seriousness of this problem,it is quiet urgent for us to discover ourselves.Firstly,figure out your character and write down the bad.Though you may feel uncomfortable writing down negative aspects of yours,you will improve them if you realize that the bad are a part of you .Secondly,making communications with your best friends or families,which would be help you discover yourself better.Finally,spend some time to think about what you interest,what you want to be,how you want to do and where you want to go.
Only in this way,can you discover youself clearly and obtain your rooms in the competitive society.
Many families have only one child in China, hence their parents and grandparents always love them so much.
Families usually do not allow children to do something.For example, many parents go to the school with their children every morning.
As a result, when the children grow up, they still couldn't do anything.
Look at the picture, the girl wants to learn to how to ride a bike, but her parents help her carefully.
I think parents should let the girl learn it by herself.
Parents love their children so much that sometimes are bad for them.
If parents always help their children do everything, their children will be not able to do the things by themselves.
When they become a man or a woman, they may find it difficult to solve the troubles in their jobs.
So, parents should let their children do something they can do by themselves.
My birtheday is my happiest day .
On that day, I ate a birtheday cake,It's very beautiful.
I can played the computer games.My father and mother gave me some presents,they always gave me surprise.
My friend and I can went to the cinema.I'll go boating with my father and mother.
I can receive many gifts on that day.That night,I will to have dinner father and mother,It's very deilcious .In the evening, I'll blow out the candles.
I like my birtheday .I was very happy on my birthday.I like to receive presents on my birthday.
In our daily life, we can experience various kinds of things, including good ones as well as bad ones.
If we have the sense of innovation, we can benifit from the out-style things.
In this society, it's very important for we to have innovation.
As everyone konw, different people have different idea.
But innovation is not change forever.
If we have the sense of innovation, we can play the biggest value, and create infinite wonders.
In a word, people can exhaust their intelligence mind.
Innovation is us what water is fish.
However, just like this picture, the master tolded the man:" Your proposal is innovation.
I totally disagree with this master, the development of society is based on innovation.
Only we embrace new things, the world can be beautiful and wonderful.
So in order to make the biggest value of things, we must have the sense of innovation, and play the greatest value.
In this society, if you have the sense of innovation, you may make it easier and your company will developed faster than others, also can follow the foot of the mordant life easily.
It must have developed slowly, and the light won't be invent.
Not only the light, but also the number of inventions around the world.
I really couldn't imagine this world without innovation, it may dirty, sick, and boring.
Just for this reason, the world won't appeared many of artist too, the colorful world will lose many and many things.
In this increasingly rapid development of society, no matter what we have to face, we must understand the importance of innovation.
In other words, innovation likes the sun when we are very cold in winter.
Competition is a common phenomenon in our social life.People who seek success must know two important factors: competition and cooperation.
First of all, competition is our motivation and it spurs us on to great efforts.
Though, the cruelty of success is that often leads those who seek success to the wrong direction.
Cooperation emphasize the team, instead of competition is the individualism.
The distinct advantage of cooperation is saving time and improving efficiency.And we often find competition and cooperation at the same time.
So, in team, we have to learn who to cooperate with other teammates.
By do this, we can also improving the skills of commutation.
I say to those who seek success: competition is necessary in the competitive society.
While advocating competition, we mustn't forget cooperation.
I like going on holiday with my family.
In winter vacation, we like going to the beach.
Firstly, we need book a flight and reserve a hotel.
Secondly, we should discover a guide and make a schedule of events.
I like walking along the beach and admiring the sunset.
My parents like diving to see sea creatures and soak up the sun.
In summer vacation, we like going to mountain, because the mountain is very cool.
We can enjoy bush walking and take some fresh air.
We will have a barbecue along the river, and later we will go on a boat trip and going to mountains.
From ancient times to the present,students are required to do written homework to have a good command of knowledge.And many people say that it is an efficient way to study.However,As far as I am concerned,I don't believe what people say.
Today,your child crush his favourite saving pot and he is so sad that he can't stop crying.At that time,you squat and speak to him that to be a big boy,he should be strong.But is it right?
New Year's Day is one of important days for many people in the word during the year.Most people spend the New Year'sDay in hotels.January 1st is considered as the New Year's Day.most companies,shops,school,and government offices are closed during that time.People prepare for New Year's Dayfrom late December.Firt,people spend a few days to clean their houses completely.Some families then put up some new painting from November to be sent in January.The New Year's meal is also prepared from the end of December.During the New Year's Day,people usually do not cook and relax at home.
On New Year's Eve,it is common to have a bag dinner with family members or friends at home or in hotels and hear bells which informs us of the coming New Year.On New Year's Day,people fiest greet each other.
A sprained ankle is a very common injury.
Fortunately, most sprains can be treated easily.
Here are some steps to treat a sprained ankle.
Firstly, rest your ankle.
Skip any activities that cause pain or limping.
If you have a severe sprain, then you should walk with crutches or a cane so that you don't cause further injury.
Furthermore, ice you ankle to prevent swelling and pain.
Place a plastic bag with ice on your ankle for 15 to 20 minutes.
Do this 3 to 5 minutes daily for the first 3 days.
What's more, compress your ankle joint.
Wrap an elastic bandage from your toes to your mid-calf, using even pressure and Keep the bandage on until the swelling subsides.
At last, elevate your ankle above the level of your heart, which help will help you to drain fluid from the injury.
We often see there is a book,even a pice paper or something else on the desk in the classroom or library, it mens that the seat is taken.
This kind of phenomenon is very usual in almost universities.
It is strangely enough, most of the students seem to take this for granted, and few will protest it.
Though most of students taking seats in advance is for better study, this kind of phenomenon has great negative effects.
On the one hand, it is a selfish behavior, which damages other students.
Sometimes even if many students come to the classroom very early, they cannot find a seat.
On the other hand, reserving a seat violates the rule of fairness.
No matter how late you come to class, the seat is still reserved for you even though many others are eager for that seat.
Considering the above-mentioned, I think, it is high time that we college students took a good look of our behavior.
Indeed, only if all of us can improve our consciousness, it is not a difficult task for us to get rid of this kind of phenomenon "reserving a seat".
Some of us think that it is better to see the film than to read the original work.
Because watching movies is more interesting and timesaver than reading, and it is easy to understand.
The others considered reading books is better to see the film.Because read the original book that language is more beautiful,what' more,the description of the details is more detailed.
I have my own opinion on this thing.I think reading is more better to see the film.Film is often selected from the book, the book will have more details of the book it will slowly influence our literary quality, learning more good word.So I suggest us to interested in reading books and reading more books.
Little by little,our knowledge will be enriched,and our horizons will be greatly broadened.
Becasue of that,we can easily know that creating a Conservation-Oriented World is very essential.
Maybe we cannot change the world,but we can change the situation around.
We should create a Conservation-Oriented Campus.
A Conservation-Oriented Campus will make our life more enjoyable,that is to say,it can add color to the dull routine of everyday life.We could have a good ability during creating a Conservation-Oriented Campus.
And I think this activity could cause substantial impact on our society.Little by little,we could change the world!
Through the above analysis,there is no denying that it is a great activity.
So,we must do something for it.
Do you can do yourself.
We should make a big speech about the topic of how to create a Conservation-Oriented Campus on campus.
And in the daily life,you should try your best to use the disposable supplies.Everyone makes a little,the world changes a lot!
In recent years, to continue postgraduate education has been a common phenomenon,and the number of the graduate student recruit has been increased year by year.As a college student who is going to graduate in July next year,have you already make preparations for employment,or you are fighting for the postgraduate entrance examination.
Pesonally speaking, what have learnt in class can't meet the demands of our fast developing society,to go on education is a good choice.
Nowadays,with the rapid development of the knowledge based economy,the society puts forward higher requirements for employees.Graduates are not as popular as they were a few years ago.If we don't go on education after graduation,we will have the sense of crisis to hunt for a job,and feel fall behind in the 21st century,where fierce competition is going every day.Therefore, in order to keep paces with the times, not to be marginalized by the society,it's quite necessary for us to receive further education.After several years of the deeply and systematic study in a certain field,we will recognize that we are more competitiveness than those don't have master's degree,which implies what we have done during these years is worth it.For instance,for a graduate,it will take him or her at least 5 years to be applied to the ideal position,for better life,more years.As for postgraduates, they can be promoted to higher position as soon as they are hired.
In addition,a new network of friendship will be built on condition that we are lucky enough to become postgraduates.At the postgraduate education level, students almost have an independence of thought,right outlook on life and viewpoints of values.Most of their classmates, roommates, and friends from different places of China have a good knowledge of certain field and high qualities,it must be very easy as well as joyful to study and live together.Getting along with people of totally different ways of thinking in varied environment will fresh our mind and widen our horizon.Their personal experience will have a profound influence on us, some even encourage us all the long way.In short,the life we lead during graduate education will be a precious momory besides what happened when we were undergraduates.
What's more, we are not ready for employment as soon as we graduating, we still need some time to adapt to the complicated society.And then, postgraduate education will provide us with transition time and buffer time to have a clear recognition of social situation,lay a solid foundation for a future job.Going through the period of college,we have learnt various theories,scattered but not systematic.Given more time, we can apply these theories to practice,thus,further education can provide these opportunities.In this case,we will not be eliminated by the enterprise,we will not get hurt or frustrated in finding a satisfactory job.Last but not least,going on education can ease the pressure of social employment.That is to say, it's not beneficialfor us but also the society.
However,we can't deny that there are no disadvantages to go on education,it may bring great pressure for graduates,accelerate the difficulty of postgraduates' employment.
I believe these problems will be solved sooner or later as long as we make up our mind to improve ourselves and become a valuable person.
All in all, higher education can secure us an incinicible position in the competition,which makes us more professional in study,more mature in thinking and more competitiveness in working.We will benefit from the education we received the whole life.
Nowadays, more and more new technologies are invented.
People's life will be better in the future.
In the future, there will be a lot of new medicine.
We won' t suffer from the illness.
We can live heathier and longer.
And everyone will have a personal robot which can take care of us carefully just like Baymax.
The traffic will be fast.
If we want to go somewhere, we can get there by plane or clouds easily.
We will not drive our car on the ground with the speed of a turtle.
We can also keep in touch with each other easily.
We can use glasses, watch or even a necklace to talk with our friend.
We can find people who have long time no see.
Our environment will be green.
We will use solar power, wind energy and water energy.
The plane or car won't pollute the air.
All the things we used will be recycled.
The sky will be blue, not grey.
The water in the river will be clean and drinkable.
What's more, those valuable animals will live in the wild free.
Nobody can hurt them.
We will live happily in the future.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.
Nowadays,the development of science and technology is extremely quick and it has developed very mature.Almost everyone has a computer or a lap-top.They read news,play games,do some shopping and so on.Students use the Internet and computers to gather the material for study.Workers use the Internet and computers to sort out data.Computers are now used extensively throughout the world.Therefore,some parents think that computers and the Internet are more important for a child's education than going to school.The benefit of computers and Internet are numerous.Firstly,it gather the whole world,people can gain many things in time.Secondly,the computers and Internet convenient our life,we can do shopping and doing other things at home.Thirdly,since it has numerous and various resources,it has a good many benefits for children,their parents can download something for them which will contribute to their study.Therefore,the Internet and computers has important effect on children's education.
On the other hand,many people believe that schools and teachers are essential for children to learn effectively.It is the most common and effective way to educate children.However,we need good schools and teachers to teach children,a good teacher has many good characters,his moral character and his a action and emotion have a far-reaching influence in one's childhood.So schools and teachers are essential and a good teacher is further important.
In my view,teachers are essential for children and the computers also has negative ways.Most children's ability of self-control are very poor,they can not control themselves to stop playing games and do other things which have no connection with studying.Therefore,it is important for their parents to supervise them and improve their ability of self-control.
Reading English literature helps to cultivate students interest in learning English.
Use of spare time a lot of reading literature, can soar in reading speed.
Reading literature, of course, can improve the personal qualities, cultivate personal sentiment, improve personal accomplishment.
But sometimes in the university want to try to rescue time for specialized courses, some literature and no more able to read, some can't discover clear practical significance, even sometimes think will indulge in a trough, only let people suspect a lot of things.
And I also appreciate, read seriously, serious life, this is the only thing I can do it.
In a word, For us, literary reading has many benefits, or more good than bad.And I also appreciate, read seriously, serious life, this is the only thing I can do it.
I believe that friendship is most warm in the world all the time.Friendship is priceless.
Whenever you feel upset friends would cheer you up.Even if not contact a long time.Meet again remain friendly feeling.
My friend and me meet in the middle school.She has big eyes that let me feel warm.She isn't tall but thin.I always play with her.She would comfort me when I failed in any exam.At same time,she will help me improve my study.We have a lot of common hobbies.Such as,play ping-pong ball,reading books, singing and dancing.She is always friendly to others.we have a good time.
less and less.But we still be best friend for each other.I hope that we can work together someday.
As we all know, many sportsmen in order to get a better score have got serious injured during the competition.
Many persons think that this is the responsibility of the athletes.
In the competition the athletes struggle for the sake of the honor in their hearts.
Striving for a definte goal with such perseverance and determination are a valuable quality.
For example, Liu Xiang is a famous athlete.
At the beginning of each competition, he always seemed to be the one who narrowly missed the spotlight.
He tried to practice many times.
Finally, person all over the world watch in excitentment as Liu Xiang got to the finish line in the 110 meters hurdle race.
Life is a continuous process of fighting and one can't achieve success without effort.
Nowadays, every one of us has been confronted with too many instances of dishonesty either through the mass media or in daily life many people thought honest is not important.
For example, some students copy the exercises done by others or cheat in examinations in order to get good mark.
The same thing may be said of a merchant who tries to get rich by decerving customers.
Honest should and would never go out of style.
For any individual, honesty is believed to be a virtue.
Dishonest people are short-sighted.
Those who sell fake products may make money at first, but consumers won't buy their products any more.
As a result, they will lose their fortune or even be sent to prison.
Honesty brings benefits in the long run.
Those who always tell truth or keep to their promise not only let others trust them but gain respectable, everyone is eager to make friends with them, besides, it is easier for a person with a good record to get a good job.
Generally speaking, every employer wants his employers to be honest.
So we can say that any one who is honest will be paid back later.
All that has been discussed above points out an undeniable fact that it pays to be honest.
Honesty wins trust , respect and honor.
So it is important that we should be honest.
Resently the rise in problem of lonely life of aged people has cause public wordwide concern .It is time to have a fresh look at this idea .Why does the aged people becomes lonelyness ?
For one thing , the child becames more and more independent in the busy life .They has their own life and no one want to rely on their parents when independent .
For another ,it is obvious that parents life has other than young people .
It will produce a far-reaching effect on aged people in the last several years .Their life will be alone and painful .We must call for an immediate method ,because the current phenomenno of social resbonsbility ,if allowed to proceed,will surely lead to the heavy cost of the emotion among parents and child .
It is essential thareffective measures should be taken to correct the tendency .As child ,we should take more time to stay with our parents ,but not play ,because there is not enough time for them .
In any case ,whether it is posotive and negative ,one thing is certain that we need to be with aged people when their life ending .
We should try to eat a lot of vegetables,and we should eat fruit and drink milk every day,we should not drink coffee,of course,everyone loves junk food,because they are delicious,but in fact,they are bad for our health,so we should not eat them often.
And we should exercise every day.
A healthy lifestyle helps us to study better.
My favorite sport is soccer.
That's my healthy lifestyle.What's your healthy lifestyle.
Come and tell me.
Hello everyone.
The topic of my speech today is "Being a Good Listener".
Good listening can always show respect, promote understanding, and improve interpersonal relationship.
Many people suggest that parents should listen more to their children, so they will understand them better, and find it easy to narrow the generation gap; teachers should listen more to their students, then they can meet their needs better, and place themselves in a good relationship with their students; students should listen more to their classmates, thus they will help and learn from each other, and a friendship is likely to be formed.
What I want to stress is that each of us should listen more to others.
Express your respect and never stop others till they finish their talk; is open-minded to different opinions even though you don't like them.
In a word, good listening can really enable us to get closer to each other.
Frustration in our life is unavaoid,so we mush face it when the probem was coming.May be we fail,but what I want to said was nothing is impossoble if we make our determined to make it.Fail is the mother of success.Frustration can make us grow.
Todaty seem many college students are give up when face the problems.Forexample,they want to arrive some goal they made by themself and finally found it is to hard to cometrue so that can not countinue to workhard.
How this sustution from and how to deal with it the opinions were diffent.In my opinions, many mothor tread they child meticuious wherever and whenever so that many college students could not work themself.We mush learn to deal with frustration in our life.At the first place,self-confident,believe yourself.Life was the broken bird that can not fly and the only way was believe yourself,where there is a will there is alway.School were also make important effection in our life.School mush be strict with students,whatever at study or life,only in this way can students realized the probiem and make measure.
Everyone wants their own life is beautiful,but life will also be a small episode.They often break into and let us add a lot of trouble,they can also make us life more colorful.
Sour,sweet,bitter,hot,is each of us living in some,they enrich our life.Childhood is beautiful,is also happy.Sweet,let us cheer.Adolescent children are rebellious,we hurt the hearts of parents,and we found we have changen,sometimes we will feel we're a strange to ourselves we became.At that time,bitter,let us pain.But this experience made us grow.We thank everyone everything a part of our life.
Life is a test ,we should keep a good state of mind.Man struggles upwards.
With so much rich and colorful experience,made our life is no longer boring.We should active and enjoy life,sing the praises of wonderful life.
Nowadays,some famous universities are become tourist hot spot.
About the problem of Should the University Campus Be Open to Tourists,people have all kinds of opinions.
In my opinion, I think the university campus shouldn't be open to tourists.
Because it can let the thieves invade our campus and students may be in dangerous.
What's more, lots of tourists visit in the campus can affect studying effect.
So I think the university campus shouldn't be open to tourists so that guarantee students' safety.
I am L,who is coming form grand 2 class 5.Nowaday,I will appeal you to take part in the evacuation drill carefully.We have experience the earthquake ,we clearly know the importance of save ourselves.The aim of the drill is to learn how to deal with the emergency circumstances.However,there are some students don't treat it seriously.They were playing with others and walked slowly.Also,they were running to the wrong direction.
As a student,we must know these rules.First,we should keep clam and listen to our teachers' commands .Second,we should hold right attitude to the drill.
All in all ,we must do it seriously and carefully.
Thank you very much for your letter and the inclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7th July.
No.
No.
No.
"Life is not easy for him.
My father often says like this, although life is also hard for him and his family.
He is a common peasant with lots of fields.
He has to go outside for field at all seasons.
Because of hard work, he is very thin and his hands are tough.
And apart from his teeth, nearly every part of his body wad black.
His teeth like to appear every time my father meets others.
His big smile impresses me all the time.
His skin is very black, but he has a warm heart to help others.
I still remember when I was at the age of 8.
It was a cold winter.
Nearly our village, there is a long river called DaoShui river, which is one of branches of ChangJiang river.
The snow was very heavy and all the ground was covered by the snow.
Standing an the river levee, what people could see was just white, white.
This day, my father and mother went to visit my aunt who lives in another side of the river.
On the way back, they find a child followed them for a while.
And my father could remember a little about the child.
He was one child of my aunt's village had something wrong in his head.
"It's so cold.
And we are gong to arrive at home.
It's none of our business.
Leave him alone.
"No, Darling.
He is just a kid.
And as you say, the weather is so cold.
"Life is not easy for him.
You could imagine the result.
Yes, they two sent the child back to his home.
And I still remember clearly when they went home, they chilled to the bone.
Maybe someone would say that my father is stupid and always do something without any pay.
My father just answers with the same words.
Good will be rewarded with good.
If not, that's just a matter of time.
The old saying proved true on my father.
In the year 2011, my father rode his motorbike to go outside.
He slowed down as usual around the corner.
Because many accidents had took place there.
Suddenly, a big truck with a quick speed was coming towards the direction of my father.
My father's motorbike was pushed 20 meters more by the big truck.
At this moment, jump down from his motorbike quickly and rolled along the slope to the safe field.
What a dangerous moment.
According my father's memory, he was scared to fool and just had one thought-I must escape.
The driver finally stopped his truck.
My father stood slowly, still feeling thrilled.
The driver was also scared to death.
His face turned pale.
He was a young guy and his truck was a new one.
He suggested to send my father to hospital.
But my father refused.
He said, "I am ok.
Later, he told me, "He must a green hand.
Life is not easy for him.
Many villages thought my father should ask a large sum of money from the driver.
My father just answered a smile.
From this accident, I understand more about life.
Maybe my father's escaping from this accident is due to his always kindness.
Good will be rewarded wit good return.
If not, it's just a matter of time.
Therefore, keep your kindness.
I'm proud of him.
I feel a great honor for having such a father.
Some people say that a mother's love is the greatest strength of the world.You give me the most beautiful thing--- life.
When I was born, you took off your the most glaring clothes and tried your best to look after your Children.I am growing up from day-to-day, but you are more and more older.
First of all,I want to say thank you.It is you that give me life and teach me how to be a good person.Secondly,I want to say sorry .
Since the childhood,I bring you too many troubles.
I am also grateful you because you never give me up and are confident in me.
In my impression,you always hit me when I made mistakes in my childhood.At that time,I hated you very much,when I saw you crying,I did not understand why.It was I that cried.Now,I see it.In spite of hitting me ,you heart was blooding.
I am 20-year-old and understand your behaviours.However,you are more older.
Your hair is getting white and wrinkles are more and more deeply.You give me the best love in the world.As long as I ask for your help, you will give me the things which I need.
Even if you do not have, you will buy things that I am eager for me .
When I encounter danger, you would rather sacrifice your life to protect your children.
The things that you give are not the most expensive , but they are the best things in the world .
I love you ,my mother.
Hello everyone, my name is X, I am a 19 year old boy, my family live in M, that is a beautiful land of fish and rice.
My personality is introverted, easy to get along with.
I like maths, because my math grades can also, all this need their efforts.
I also like sports, such as: playing badminton, running and so on.
I was a warm-hearted man, if you need help, just come to me, I hope we can become friends.
I am L,the chairman of the student's council.It's my honor to introduce this meaningful activity to you.The method that i organize this activity is that speech is a kind of activity that could not only improve the ability of listening and speaking,but also improve the habit of reading.
After talking about the advantage of this activity,Let's get down to the main point,the coutious of the actvity.For instance,not a single speech could longer than 5 minuits.Besides,the word is expected to be fluency.The accent should be nice.
All in all.Wish the competition could be successful!
Micro-blog is becoming the new trend in our world.
It is no long a strange thing, more precisely, it has become a part of our life.
As for me, many factors contribute to the widespread of Micro-blog.
First, it is very cnovenient for people to express thire feelings at any time.
Such as, it is platform to critize and express one's opinion in some society's problem.
Second, though Micro-blog, people can share their emotions and release theri inner stress.
By reading their heart emotions on the Micro-blog, their friends may also know about their condition and can offer in-time comfort.
Third, though Micro-blog people can get more information about famous person, singer, movie star and writers their loved.
Last year, I registered a micro-blog,I often use it get touch with my family and friends.
To my joy, I can communicate with my favourite writer and singer though Micro-blog, knowing more about they ideas and their life.
so, I think Micro-blog is a good thing in our life.
There are many people who avaricious for money but they don't try to make money in a legitimated method,they hunt animals to get their furs,horns,teeth and even their flesh.The illegal hunters change these animals'bodies for money.It's so beastly in my mind.
I apply we should protect our friends-----the animals,especially the useful animals.The earth doesn't only belong human beings.It also belongs to the animals all over the world even a worm.All the animals have power to live on earth,it's our habitat.
For example,just like snakes and frogs,they are all beneficial to us human beings,but so many people like eat the dishes which made of them in recent years.In my opinion it is so cruel to these animals,these cute creatures.These dishes are frequently seen in restaurant advertisements.That might seem that eating these dishes is now in vogue,and if you did not eat it before,you will be considered"out of date",you are not fashionable here.Nevertheless I think not all of trends are worth following.
Some of them will defend themselves by saying that snake and frogs are sup nutritious.Nonetheless these don't realize that mouse and worms frequently comprise their diets,therefore,there are many parasites found inside snakes and frogs.So they may do harm to our health.Besides this,I'm sorry to see that more and more snakes and frogs are being killed by man's cruel knife.In Accordance with the newspaper there are about 1000tons of snakes and frogs are eaten every year in China.In shenzhen of Guangdong province,sometimes as many as 10tons of snakes and frogs are served on dinner tables in a single day.
These figures change us that if we still kill snakes frogs and any other useful animals,a vicious cycle will be created.If more snakes are eaten by people,the number of snakes and frogs will drop,which will make an increase in mice and worms population,which will result in a decrease of crop output.This will make an increasingly number of people hungry.Who will see such tragedy happen?
So let's start not to kill the useful animals,no business no killing,to protect the animals is to protect ourselves.
Whit the development of Internet, people's life has changed.
In daily life, they are able to do anything online, just like learning, chatting and shopping.
Recently, some of online shopping trends applied in the developed area.
There are different opinions among people as to shopping online.
Some people suggest that it is convenient for our daily life.
And the most important is that this new venture will spark logistics growth.
They think online shopping is good for us.
But everything has two sides, other people think online shopping is not an exception.
It has the disadvantage too.
We can't check the quality of the things we bought immediately if we shopping online.
And also lost the pleasure of shopping with family or friends.
It is difficult to say whether online shopping is good or not.
However, from a personal point of view I find shopping online is really convenient to us.
As is known to all, piracy has become a seriouser and seriouser problem, it hinders our economic develop.
In many computers, we can find pirated Microsoft "Windows" software.
In many DVD stores, we see can pirated products.
As far as I know, there are two reasons.
To begin with, pirated products much cheaper than are legal ones.
Take "Windows" as an example.
The legal "Windows" software spends us thousands of yuan, while a pirated one only 5 yuan costs.
What's more, people don't realize the harmful of buying pirited products.
When it comes to the harmful of piracy, we can a lot cite.
In the first place, producing pirated products is similar to "theft", which is illegal.
In the second place, companies will be unwilling to create good products unless their intellectual property rights are well protected.
So, we can come up with some measures to deal with it.
First of all, the government must make stricter laws to prevent people from producing pirated products.
Then as consumers, we should be lawful citizeins and refrain from buy them.
Only through these measures we can hope to solve the problem.
I am Gina.
I am very tidy.
Look,the book is in my bookcase.
My pens are in the pencil box,and my pencil box is in the desk.
My eraser and my dictionaries are in my table.
This is my room.
The prosperity of tourism can promote the local economy's development; there are many positive aspects to develop tourism.
First of all, local social resources are put to full use, thus making huge benefits for the local people.
Then, a place where tourism is booming can attract lots of investments; it is an essential element in developing the local economy.
On the other hand, tourism is a good way to convey its local culture to outside, and the local economy can be developed in a more international way.
But because the number of tourism is increasing, many culture relics are ruined from bad to worst.
The most seriously issues are pollution and the economy destruction.
Needless to say, many tourists throw rubbish and smoke everywhere, which result in water and air pollution.
As to economy, the places that tourists step most are often more easily develop into soil compaction, and sometimes estate agent will cut off more trees to expand more places for tourists have fun, obviously, this will result in soil erosion.
Everything has its merits and demerits, tourism is not an exception.
To our economy, development of tourism is essential.
But we should propagate more knowledge of tourism before traveling.
And the government is also ought to take legal means to make sustainable development of tourism.
To put it crudely, if we can develop tourism in a sustainable way,the conttadictions will be solved sooner or later.
Let's talk about how to pass Chinese culture down.
For this topic we can discuss the structure, festival, folk arts and craft, Chinese knots, kongfu and ect.
Nowadays the arcade is more and more less and young children even don't what's the arcade.
Maybe with the development of economic and the need of the city construction.
Today, more and more teenagers don't like hand writing.
Coz they think typing online is very convenient.
They even have forgot how to write the Chinese characters.
Computers are very popular now, so protect the Chinese characters is very necessary.
To address this problem, I think the educational department should think about how to deal with the matter.
Maybe not, I ever seen the history many of our ancestors made use of the paper-cut to decorate their house, window and other places.
But nowadays nobody use paper-cut to decorate their houses because everything is mechanized.
Though everything is mechanized we also need to study paper-cut.
If we don't do that our traditional culture would disappear one day.
Most importantly, our Chinese festival, I found someone who in my side prefer the western festival more than Chinese festival.
But I guess maybe our traditional Festival is very boring and the western festival is very funny, interesting and attractive.
So i think if we wanna passing our traditional culture down.
We should advocate appeal.
Long time no see,how recently.
Do you know the Dragon Boat Race?Now I have a chance to attend Dragon Boat training camp.I hope you can join me in the training.He can exercise our bodies and training team consciousness.It is a sport that deserves to be involved.
Training camp in the middle of the holidays every morning 8:00~11:00.Look forward to your arrival.
Look forward to your arrival.
The frustration is a part of life,it always appear in our daily life.However,as a college student,we must learn how to confront frustration and give them up.
Our college students's ability to deal with the frustration is not very well.For example,with the examinations drawing near,students are getting more and more worried and anxious.Because they do not study hard every day and do not review for every exam.This cause they feel extremely anxious and worried and so on.
In accordance with this phenomenon,I think teachers and parents should constantly encourage students and give them self-confidence,but not deny them again and again.Students should confront the frustration bravely,and they must strongly believe frustration does not mean anything,it just an experience on their way to success.
So,do not give up.Remember frustration is not terrible.As long as we are brave to confront it.
We are pleased to inform you that the goods unedr our Sales Confirmation No.J-29 are shipped by S.S."Pearl".
The goods will be transhipped from Hongkong by S.S."May Follwer".
It makes a deal with cost and freight.
we have sent a fax on March,15,2013, so that you can insure on time.
We appreciate your cooperation and look forward to picking up the goods as soon as possible.
Nowadays,with the developing of the economy,people's life become varied and colourful,recreation activities become an essential part of life.
There are varied of activities,such as,playing football,playing with others,singing and so forth.It makes our life colourful.
However,recreation activities also has its negative effect.Many people spend their much time on playing,they even play games on the whole night,they can't do well in their work or their study.
People can't shape up in their position.
As a college student,I have my ideas about recreation activities.
As I'm concerned,recreation activities are necessary to our life,but we can't pay much attention to it,it just a way of relax,a way of relieving burdens of our life.So,we should do our work and our study in the first place.When you tired,you can relax yourself.
Currently, we could hardly live a single day without seeing a celebrity spokesperson promoting a product or a social campaign on TV, net or other media.
This is an intensely popular trend that we cannot fail to notice.
There is no doubt that the celebrity spokespeople could boost the sale of a product.
A host of celebrity spokespersons, however, have emerged as the marketing tool of some companies, even companies producing and selling fake and inferior items.
This kind of behavior has produced negative impacts on consumers and whole society, which should be severely criticized and penalized.
Of course, as is known to all, everything has both bright and dark sides.
Some stars' endorsement of social activities and public campaigns raises public awareness, giving rise to changes in public behavior.
In this case, they serve as positive role models of the general public.
From my point of view, it is high time that measures were taken to eliminate the demerits.
Firstly, laws should be worked out to regulate celebrities' advertising.
Secondly, stars should be required to tell the truth to the public.
Only by doing so can stars be trusted by their fans and can consumers benefit.
It is incredible that species are dying out on earth everyday.We share the adequate resource that mother earth provides with us creatures.However,with the development of economic, people are getting so much from nature that we take up some animals' living space .
It is thankful that a growing number of people are now aware of the significance of diversity of species.Though people emphasize the protection of nature in oral,few of them put it into action,which is the ignorance in action.If no one can takes the responsibility after realizing the problem,people will soon become the only creatures on earth.So let's take action and make every effort to make a better world.
As we all know,there is lots of love around us.
When I fail to pass my exam, my friends always encourage me not to give up.
And I feel very warm.When I am ill, my mother often looks after me day and night.It makes me move.
When I am angry with my poor memory, my father usually does me a favour .He teaches me how to remember things better patiently.I am lucky enough to have such a good father.
However,I am going to show my love to other people who require to be loved.
I will help them when they are in trouble.
In my opinions, love is always around me.
The chattering phenomenon is generally perceived as motion which oscillates about the sliding manifold.
There are two possible mechanisms which produce such a motion.
First, in the absence of switching nonidealities such as delays, i.e., the switching device is switching ideally at an infinite frequency, the presence of parasitic dynamics in series with the plant causes a small amplitude high-frequency oscillation to appear in the neighborhood of the sliding manifold.
Perhaps, senior high school students are anxious about what to learn in college.
In my opinion, college is the essential time of one's life.
Look back, when I stepped into the college, I was muddled and extremely felt at a loss, knowing little about the college.
But now, as a sophomore, I was more mature.
And I would like to give some advice to all the freshmen.
To start with, the most crucial and essential thing is to learn how to take care of yourself.
Being health is the foundation of everything.
Please make sure that you are living a healthy life and exercise more.
Of course, it's difficult to keep exercising every day.
However, self-discipline is a sign of maturity.
Sometimes you have to push yourselves to do something that you have to do even if you are not willing to do it.
And you are supposed to learn how to study.
What we learn before is almost the method of test-taking.
However, in college we should learn how to study by ourselves.
Teachers in college are guiding us how to learn, whereas middle school teacher is always giving what is needed in the test.
If we don't know how to learn by ourselves and how to obtain knowledge, it is merely a waste of time in college.
The last but not least, you must attach great importance on communication.
And you should not only study how to acquire knowledge but also learn communicating skills; don't forget the Student Union.
Work experience in it may help you realize how important the communicating skills are.
From my perspective, participating in it is unquestionably helpful because we will meet a variety of students and all kinds of people, through which our social skills can be strengthened.
To sum up, to be or not to be, that is decided by yourselves.
My name is W, I like to play basketball, play games.
My college English teacher called L, she is very beautiful, also very lively.
My college roommate came from different places, they all are very interesting.
Nowadays more and more people are fond of shopping online.
Online shopping is becoming more and more important in our daily life.
Maybe there are three reasons.
The first and most important one is that shopping online is much more convenient than the ordinary way.
As the group of OTAKU(people who would rather stay at home than going out, they may stay inside in a long time) is getting bigger and bigger, those people prefer just moving their finger and clicking their mouse to going out.
Truly, online shopping is easier and more convenient.
The second reason is that online shopping can provide people more kinds of goods which is generally cheaper than the shops.
Well, no one will spend more money if he/she can buy the same goods in a less price.
