Life events which lead to stress are very common.
Not only teenagers, everyone may be nervous and have no idea on what to do when facing some unforeseen events.
However, teenagers are tender and more immature so there is a higher ratio for teenagers to be over-reactive on these events.
Life events include many kinds of unforeseen events such as the divorce of parents, the death of family members and so on.
The most important type of life events is the unforeseen changes in one's family.
The reasons could be as follows.
The first one is that teenagers are tender when facing the events for which they haven't been mentally prepared.
The second is that teenagers are in a special period in which they easily have contradictions with their parents.
The last is that great changes take place both at physic and mental which may make teenagers nervous and incommensurate.
One of my classmates in the senior high lost her dad not long before the college entrance examination because of a car accident.
From then on, she never talked to anyone else or accepted others' concern.
She stared at the teachers in every class as if she was very careful but she never got a high mark.
It was not surprising that she didn't get ideal grades in the college entrance examination.
That was the influence of life events.
Interpersonal stressors are the most general stressors among teenagers.
Most of teenagers find it hard to establish healthy interpersonal relationship.
Compared with boys, girls may have more problems at interpersonal relationships.
For boys, most of stress comes from their parents and the competitive environment.
While for girls, the stressors could be much more.
The gap between parents and them, the arguments with friends of the same sex and the ambiguous relationship with heterosexual friends may bring great stress to girls.
The psychologist Moos classified the causes of interpersonal stressors after great amounts of investigations.
They are separated into four aspects.
The first one is status which often causes stress to the persons at lower status.
The second one is the difference among concepts of values which are almost troubling everyone who has persons holding different concepts of values around him or her.
The conflict of interest is the third reason of causing interpersonal stressors.
Last but not least, the emotional conflicts also bring troubles to teenagers both physically and mentally.
School life stressors hold the highest proportion among all the stressors that cause stress to teenagers.
Since entering the junior middle school, teenagers start to spend most of time at school rather than at home.
Especially in China, the stress caused by grades is one of the most important parts of teenagers' stress.
School is arranged as a competitive place.
Most of the teenagers will worry about their teachers and parents' criticism.
The main events of school life that cause stress can be briefly separated into three parts.
The first part is connected with the grades and subjects.
Particularly for senior high school student, too many examinations, non-ideal grades, being sick of some subjects or teachers may all bring stress to teenagers.
Then we come to the external factor.
The parents and teachers' high expectation, the competitive environment are also essential stressors.
The last part is the stress from classmates, the conflict with classmates, and the competition with friends and so on.
To summarize, the stressors of teenagers can be concluded as life events, interpersonal stressors and school life stressors.
In order to protect the teenagers from being hurt by stress, parents and other adults are required to pay more attention and concern on the teenagers.
Besides, teenagers their selves should also remain optimistic when facing stress.
The developent of literature in china has a very long history.The development of the ancient literature has not ceased.It affects the development of Chinese culture to promote culture progress.
China has a lot of famous writer,they work with us to grow.There are four Chinese literature classics"The water margin""The romance of The Three Kingdoms""A Dream in Red Mansions""Journey to the west" These works were made into films spread all over the world.Literature have important influence on our lives and social development.Each are literature represents the different social and cultural development trend.Also influence thought a change of direction.
In a word,literature not only has great influence in society and also has great importance in your life.So learning literature helps to improve our cultural quality cultirates the mind.
A wedding is a ceremony that celebrates the beginning of a marriage.
Different place has their different wedding traditions.
I will introduces western wedding to you.
As the ceremony begins, the groom and his groomsmen stand with the minister, facing the audience.
Music signals the entrance of the bridesmaids, followed by the beautiful bride.
Nervously, the young couple repeat their vows.
But sometimes the couple has composed their own vows.
They give each other a gold ring to symbolize their marriage commitment.
Finally the minister announces the big moment: "I now pronounce you man and wife.
every one hope they will have a happy life after the ceremony.
As a saying goes,it is never too old to learn.So I think life is to learn.
When we human beings born in the world primitively,all of us are obviously unsophisticated.So we have to learn to live.In my opinion,we have many teachers,and we can get useful experience from they.
The first teachers are us parents.They teach us how to move slowly,how to eat softly,also how to fall asleep quietly.They are a kind of teachers who really be good forever.The second teachers are school teachers,they give us useful knowledge carefully,of course,we will use it in our life time whenever and wherever possible,so it is very important to listen to the teachers earnestly in school states.Besides,I think the most important thing in life is our teacher.Because we can gain experience from failure,what we do depends on what we think.So it is necessarily to think what life is ourselves.People are not afraid of the shadow slanting.
In a word,life is constantly growing.
Yesterday 8 o'clock, the electric stopped.
Here are some passages.
When the electric stopped, I was reading books in the school library.
It was so duck that I couldn't get home.
So I have to take a rest in the library.
When the electric stopped, Mr. Zhang watching a basketball match.
After he doing it, he had to listen to the radio.
When the electric stopped, Tom was doing some reading.
It's was so dark that he had to go to bed.
When the electric stopped, Mrs. Wang was taking the life.
Then, she can't get out until someone save her.
This is a story about success.
The writer was once a fat adult, weighting 414 pounds.
However, the worries of disease and the wish to look better encouraged him to loose weight.
Three years later, he succeeded in becoming thinner, even managed to finish a marathon.
Reading the story, I feel it is amazing.
I have seen so many people suffering from fatness who complained about the difficulties of loosing weight.
Nevertheless, the writer never gave up, making a miracle.
I admire her, thank her for proving the importance of persistance.
Another person also proved the power of persistance.
He was diagoned as suffering a kind of disease which means he couldn't walk any more.
While doctors lost hope, he kept trying, believing he could stand up one day firmly.
Finally he got over the obstacles and made a full recovery.
His name is handel, a famous composer.
No.44/77 Is this available in white?
No.78/612 What is the discount price of this for orders of over 500 pieces?
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
Sports benefit us in many respects.
When taking part in sports, we get the Sports benefit us in many respects.
When taking part in sports, we get the Sports benefit us in many respects.
When taking part in sports, we get the Sports benefit us in many respects.
This semester, I am going to read four books.
The first one is The Lost Symbol which is full of mysterious things affecting me so much.
And the second book I am going to read is The Rise of Silas Lapham.
Though I have not known any information about it, I believe it is a book worth to read.
Then I want to read Jane Eyre and Gone With The Wind.
The two books I have read before, but there are still some useful words, sentences, and spirits I need to study.
So I choose them.
I have a plan reading books everyday and choosing some paragraphs I like to translate.
Therefore, I believe that I will translate 200 words every day.
Actually, I still want to remember some words which would be needed in future exams.
In my mind, new words are still important in English study.
Time is money.As the saying goes,"An inch of time is worth an inch of gold".Time is limited,which is just as long as our lives.
Unfortunately,although people know the value of time,they have been always wasting time.Some people use their time to watching Tv,surfing on internet, playing computer games and so on.As a result,they fail to do anything well.
In my opinion,I think we should form the good habit of saving time,do not put off what can be done today till tomorrow.A famous chinese saying goes like this,"Time can not be purchased with gold".As a student,I should use my time to finish my homework on time.Then I have free time to do things that I want to do.
We have been defined as a loser if we were defeated in a game or a competition or failed an examination since we were children.
To some degree, it is true, because the Oxford dictionary says "loser is a person who is defeated in a competition".
While in a broad sense, the definition is superficial.
In my point of view, these three kinds of people below are losers.
People who dare not do what they want or what they like or even have no courage to have a try just because of being afraid of failure are losers.
This kind of people are cowards and it too hard to them to overcome their inner fear- being failed.
They always care too much about what others say, lack of their own ideas and let the chance slip away hopelessly.
They cannot break the ice or try to blend in to the real world.
What the saddest thing is that they cannot even realize it, let alone change it.
People who do not know what they really want and just drift with the tide can be called losers too.
This kind of people always follow what other people do and take the passive attitude towards their work.
There is no real motive in their hearts and too some degree, they are dead-alive.
Even if they win the competition, they may not be glad to see the result and may find what they get is not what they want indeed.
People who participate in the competition just for win are losers too.
This kind of people are too utilitarian and do not understand the significance of competition.
They pursue success so desperately that they may overlook the fun and beauty in the process.
Besides, some people are so eager to succeed that they become slaves who live just for win.
And in order to win, they try every means no matter it is right or wrong.
They are losers who misunderstand the meaning of life.
We cannot say without a second thought that those who are defeated in a game or competition are losers.
In Tang Dynasty, people's value was partial to the beauty with full figure, like Concubine Yang.
But as time goes on, strengthen advocation to slender figure with delicate waist, like Empress Zhao Feiyan.
Until now, the view of a few of people prefers bony beauty.
Weighing the slim or plump figure, I am inclined to agree with the latter.
In the first place, for more beautiful, reducing the normal intake but adding some unhealthy habits becomes most ladies choice.
Though their common aim may seem basically good, they probably do not realize that misguided dieting can do more harm than good to their health.
In the long run the malnutrition instead the well being and easy fat body.
Then we hit plateaus and weight is stable, where we're still on diet but not really losing.
When staying insufficient calorie for a long time, the body nutrition is provided by the breakdown of cellular components by autophagy which leading hyponesis.
And it does this by slowing down metabolism, the process by which the food we eat is converted into energy.
They soon lose interest in everything going on about them, and their resistance to illness becomes so low that they are easily attacked by one illness after another.
Most of those who diet know that foods like rice, bread, potatoes, cakes, sweets, fruits and some vegetables contain carbohydrates, and so can make one fat.
What they do not realize, however, is that carbohydrates are our bodies' main source of energy, and that these foods also contain components essential for the composition of substances that are needed to keep the body healthy.
As a result, they try to avoid eating these foods, and consequently, they become weaker and less healthy.
They begin to have difficulty sleeping properly and start to suffer from radical mood changes.
In more serious cases, they even begin to show signs of mental illness.
It is strange enough that most strict diets recommend artificial sweeteners to take the place of sugar and other natural sweeteners.
Of course, the fact that misguided forms of dieting result in so many problems does not mean that no dieting is safe or all dieting is harmful to the health.
Proper dieting can not only help a person lose ugly excess fat, but can also help him or her to keep it off and to lead a more active, happier and healthier life.
Nowadays, overcrowding in cities is becoming more and more serious.
The phenomenon has arouse pay attention.
As far as I am concerned, These problems can be listed as follows.
To begin with, china is rapidly promoting the process of the urbanization.
Therefore, more people are concentrated in a relatively smaller place.
the greater the population, the more natural resource are burnt up.
As a result, the more pollution is created.
In my view, government should deal with the relationship between urbanization and the population well and then should construct more building in countryside in order to distribute too dense population.
with the improvement of living standard, more and more people have their own car.
It results in air pollution.
what is more important, it causes the overcrowding in cities.
If we attend to improve our traffic.
we should go to school or work by bus.
Moreover, it was reported that private cars should be taxed for pollution.
If the act was came into effect.
It will restrict many people from purchasing private car.
therefore, it can relieve not only air pollution but also city overcrowding.
It is evident that both urbanization and private cars are two mian problems.
If government have scientific plan to solve the root of city overcrowding.
I believe overcrowding will be relieve in the future.
Qian Xuesen is " Father of missile, the "Father of space, 1938, graduated from Shanghai JiaoTong University.
People think he was unique, different, but in my opinion, he is just an ordinary person, but among ordinary but revealed his other sides.
I think everyone in China will not forget him any more.
"and"Knowledge was boundless".
lt's not surprising that there is much love around me.My parents always stand by my side when l am in trouble,and then encourage me to be more confident to solve these problems.When l get love from them,l feel happy and warm.Therefore,l will help them to do housework or respect them to return their love.l love my parents.
st century is the century of technology.
Nowadays, technology is everywhere around us.
The development of technology has a significant effect towards the society.
These technology make our life much easier and better.
In our daily life, electronic read has become one of the most popular things.
In my view, there's no doubt that you want to get one.
From our survey, we know that electronic reader is beneficial in different ways.
Comparing with the newspapers or the paper books, it doesn't hurt our eyes.
On the contrary, it can protect our eyes and prevent us from having poor eyesight.
It is really suitable to read books.
Besides that, electronic reader is also convenient to take.
We can read any books we like everywhere.
Surely there's no use going to the library or bookshop to read books.
As the saying goes, every coin has two sides.
Electronic reader also has some disadvantages.
It is very expensive.
Not all the people are able to buy one.
Besides it, if you want use it, you must make sure that the electronic reader is full of electricity.
Manny people like to read books for long time.
The electronic reader is full of all kinds of interesting books.
People will be addicted to it.
They can be sedentary, so it will had bad effects on their health and skin.
In a word, there are more benefits than shortage.
In conclusion, I believe the development of electronic reader brings significant impact to our life.
It is very helpful to us and I believe technology will keep improving in the future.
Learning English is very important, so all kind of way to learn English is also so.
Group learning is one of them.
The following is my own view.
Some students think that group learning is bad, because they think learning is their own things, the class into groups form can make their learning can't fully, will often and team members to talk about some extracurricular topic, study result can't be improved significantly.
And some classmates like quiet environment, too many people can make they can't get maximum play.
And some students just think that group learning is very good, because they think that group learning can improve the affection among the classmates, and can discuss various problems, to maximize the active classroom atmosphere.
And also able to more exchanges and communication, and discuss the best way to learn English with English teacher, and they think they work in teaching can strengthen the sense of competition, to make more students into learning,so it is an effective way to improve your English.
In my personal view, I compare agree with group learning, because, like most people, I am an outgoing girl, group work can let my classmates and I to communicate more, exchange learning experience more, also can increase more feelings and an English teacher, so can improve their English better.
Now that we have winter vacation.
l*m vevr fun .
Because my good friend and l play basketball.
We replied that lt was a cute little dog.
Tom said she wanted to take it home.
So we play basketball that dog vevr fun.
We are fun, too.
College Life is very meaningful.
You should study hard and train yourself.
make me bravely go down.
First,study is very important,so you should continue to study hard and you need to take some interest in club for yourself.
Besides,you realize some history and culture and something new.
In a word,get more opportunity to exercise, enrich and improve yourself,Insist on, don't give up.
To be successful and meaningful.
From all these years in my life,Dan must be the weirdest person I have ever seen.I was in the drive-training center all this summer to make full preparation for my driving test.Then I met this guy, he was so awkward that everybody did not know how to deal with him.
He is slim,medium height and looks really funny.And he has a crew cut and a thin face with a high-cheek-boned.His clothes are usually the casual one.On a hot summer day,he always wears a T-shirt and jeans when he comes to the drive-training center.People who meet him for the very first time probably consider him as a some kind of scholar.But he enjoys to grinning to people around him with his deep-set eyes.It is definitely kind of creepy,though.Just imagine,a person who simply smile to you without any excuses.How scary that could be !As a result,people from the drive-training center just isolated the weirdo for everybody's sake.
He is so different from other people in a peculiar way.Generally,you should train yourself for almost 2 or 3 months to make sure you are qualified to pass the test.However,he asked to take the driving test on the very first day when he started driving in a car!Was he good enough to ignore all the regularities?What's more!He hit the stake intentionally every time he drove .No one could figure out why he did this.And finally,I asked him why he did it.He just explained that he did not want to be too perfect for this just like he did not want a 100 points in a test.
As far as I am concerned,Dan surely has widened my horizon.And his oddness and unique thoughts would not be forgotten.I will always remember a guy who cannot stand being perfect!
Most students are admitted to the University of 18-year-old, and has reached adult age, should have an independent self-care ability and initial capacity of the social attitude of life, they need more grinding training themselves, do not be by the parents to do everything for themselves.
In Western countries, in addition to the adult ritual ceremony, the many young people through an independent travel, trek, or even to a foreign country as volunteers, in order to sharpen their own will, exercise their independence, experience the responsibility of the play, to mark up their own adult.
And we have adult children also depends on the parents, it is worth considering.
Now, whether urban or rural children, reading, examination is the central task, often neglect the activities of daily living increase; parents requested that the child's scores and further education, schools, they only attach importance to the inculcation of theoretical knowledge, ignoring the child social practice ability to exercise and training.
Behind this phenomenon, the traditional examination-oriented education is the fundamental reason.
In the future of education, parents should not be arranged for all children live, to pay attention to their life skills; schools should also be a real quality education of students in the social viability; students more to enhance the comprehensive ability to improve and exercise their consciousness.
This time out, we can safely let the children alone to make their fortune.
English is very import in the social now.It is very useful in our life .If you learn english well,you can get more occasions in now social.English is one of the most import lesson for us.It takes on a large part in our study.So learn English well is necessary.
I am a student.
In fact I dislike English of all subject with out of the my life .One years ago i am not good at english .But now i think i really is good at English .Because i find a good way for change your English and english trouble.
First of all we should be going to a lot of homework to reminber of you when English class teacher teaching you anything.
And very importiant of you is you must listen linsten listen and read read read and write write write of course is my impover my English ways but I want tell you this way will change your english just a litte hour for one day that your do anything.so we should be do hard that not lazy like a animal!
The summer vacation is coming soon.I was going to do a lot of things,but we only have one year to brace for the university entrance exam.So this summer vacation I will be more hard-working than before.
The first thing to do is to practise painting.We will go to the head school in Fengxian and live in the school from July to August.In the head school,we will practise painting all day long.I believe that only in this way can we do it well.We will prepare for the art exam in this year's December.Even if it is tired,I will try my best to improve my painting skills.
The second thing I should do is to improve my Maths score.It is very essential to me.I'm always poor at Maths.I can't give up Maths so I must be more industrious in Maths.At the same time,I also can't stop learning other subjects.
This summer vacation I believe that I will be tired,but it will also be substantial.I'm looking forward to this summer vacation.
My mobile phone,the Nokia 5530 XpressMusic,is known as the music player one can make calls on.
As black as a velvet,the phone body has a stainless steel finish.
As smooth as a mirror,the screen is a full touch one.With slim design, the whole phone weighs only 105 grams,the body is 104mm long,49mm wide and 12mm high,and the full touch screen is 2.9 inches large.Its blackness indicates elegance and magnificence,and its compactness demonstrates flexibility and exquisite.
Just like other mobile phones,my Nokia has many great functions.However, the most exciting one is its music playing.As a music phone,its shortcut key for music playing,comfortable headsets and brilliant tone quality offers me convenience,ease and audio enjoyment.
The environment it creates is so real that I feel lying beneath the dark sky with countless stars in it,tasting the natural and original beauty of all kinds of sounds.
My name is L. I am eleven.
I am in Grade Five this year.
I am studying in X school.
There are thirty-three classrooms in our school.
Our classroom is on the fourth floor.
There are forty-one students in our class.
Our English teacher is Mr Zhou, our Chinese teacher is Mrs Shi, our Maths teacher is Mr Li.
There are two computer rooms on the fourth floor, too.
There is a science classroom on the third fioor.
There is an art room on the second floor.
There is a music room on the first floor.
There is a playground in the school.
There is a library on the first fioor.
This is my school.
Expanding domestic demand strategy, was raised to solve the financial crisis in Asia by China in 1998.
Not only export expansion, still make a great contribution to the world economy, the Chinese governoment also insist on implementing the strategy of expanding domestic demand, domestic demand make a great contributed to economic growth.
The huge need of country was the persistent power for the China's economic development.
That is why China's development should builds in the needs of our country.
The point of expanding domestic is consumption, the potential too.
Thanks for your email!It's my honour to answer your email.
My first memory of school was the teaching building is brilliant.We have grades one to twelve,and ninth to twelfth grade learn in the same floor.My favorite activity is play basketball ,because it can promote our friendship.We are good friends now.
Our English teacher is Ms Zhang.She's teaching method is nothing like that teachers at my Junior High school.She thinks not only remember the words is important,but also comprehension meaning of the words.
My best friend is KBShinya.She is an outgoing and friendly girl.
We have the same hobby so we talk together everyday.
My dream is to go to Switzerland.
It is a beautiful country and it's also very rich.
Switzerland is situated in the middle of the Europe of which Berne is the capital and it is famous for its city Geneva.
Switzerland is closed to many countries, such as Australia, French, Italy and German.
They are all the developed countries.
Switzerland is also known as its beautiful.
It has a good scene and it is called the Garden of the World.
However, watch, chemistry and food are also developed.
I will try my best to study hard for my dream come true.
Nowadays, it's a common and grave phenomenon that a vast number of students don't pay attention to spelling for studying English .this phenomenon is universal among the whole school , but there has been a growing concern about it in recent years .
From my point of view, there are possible there reasons contributing to this phenomenon .First, students think that spelling is useless for studying English ,what's more spelling is hard work ,they don't find method .Lest many teachers attach little importance to spelling .
As is discussed above ,from my point view base on some reasons .To deal with this problem successfully ,we should be made aware of the serious consequence of misspell .Many times ,it will completely change its meaning .Meanwhile ,teachers should also attach due important to spelling .Students should pay great attention to spelling .it's a good to remember the new word clearly.
If you feel in extreme depression bored.
I can introduce a good way to you that is reading.
Reading will bring unique pleasure to you.
Reading is easy access to the wisdom of the ages and delighting stories.
Reading will pleasure of your mind also.
What's more, f you want to enhance the understanding of the world.
Reading is the first choose.
In the college, when you are reading, the book of which you are fond you will find much pleasure.
In a word, reading can during much pleasure.
I went to Hawaii for holiday this winter vacation.It takes a long time to get there by plane and I had nothing to do during the 8 hours on plane.Suddenly,I remembered that I had downloaded a book to my iPad.I took it out and began to read.While I was reading,I found that the man on my left was getting closer and closer to me.I didn't say a word at first.But a few minutes later,it was more than I could bear.I said angrily to him,"hey,what are you doing?Please don't sit so close to me.
The film Forrest Gump left a profound impression on me.
I was touched by the mother's endless love and firm encouragement to his son.
What impressed me most was Forrest Gump, a man was unlucky to be born with disability with his legs and low IQ, achieved a great deal of incredible success, through his positive attitude to life and tenacious perseverance.
In people's eyes, Forrest Gump was a fool, because he could not walk as normal persons and had low IQ.
But his mother was never depressed, she kept motivating Forrest all the time, telling him don't ever let anybody tell him that they are better than him and there was no difference between he and any others.
"Life is like a box of chocolates.
You never know what you are going to get", his mother said.
It meant life was full of all kinds of possibilities, and we all have our unexpected fate.
Forrest was in accordance with these teachings to step by step to achieve the miracle of the life.
So great and optimistic was the mother that Forrest became such a successful man in his mother's influence.
Forrest was an innocent and pure person no matter how difficult situations he met.
He insisted doing what was supposed to do regardless of people's scorn.
On the contrary, he was honored by the majority of people.
Throughout his whole life, he just loved one girl and never changed.
Fortunately, Jenny accepted him eventually.
It is precisely his perseverance that makes such a Forrest Gump that we will always remember.
As far as I am concerned, Forrest' success, on the one hand, was due to his tireless efforts, on the other hand, benefited from the education given by his mother.
Her gentle love and intense care encourage Forrest, so he turned into a simple and pure person.
Thus, I come to realize that what education parents gave to children is really important.
Further more, own efforts is the key to success.
What we should learn from Forrest Gump is not only his purity but also the braveness to overcome the difficulties.
The road ahead is not so easy and we all may meet setbacks in our life, but if we let challenges and frustrations benefit rather than depress us, much more can be achieved than we expected.
Life can be hard, but if we have the courage and determination, we will finally get the sunshine we want.
There is a heated discussion about the phenomenon that the college students work on campus.
There are two schools of thought.
On the one hand, those who object it argue that students should not spend their percious time in this way.
Nevertheless, those in favour say, by encouraging in some professional related work which can be better stimulate students motivation and improve their learning efficiency.
Of course, youcan gain much experience that you will never be able to get from the textbook.
After I read "The man in the water, " it shocked me too much.
It makes me believe that heroes are more than devil.
I admire the heroes bravery.
Heroes regard their behaviour as a duty.
They should do that.
I think they have a huge sense of social responsibility.
One of the heroes jumping into the water to rag an injured woman to shore, but he saw the disaster in the water, his first reaction was to save him.
I think he is so brave and kind.
"Somebody had to go in the water, "delivering every hero's line that is no less admirable for its repetitions.
They have to do this, even if they knew that they would be died.
And they sacrifice their own interests for the sake of others.
This is a hero.
I'm shock with the heroes courage, kind and the spirit of devotion.
In my opinion, hero is not the person who has a special ability but ordinary person who can do extraordinary things.
Heroes let me see the beauty of human nature.
The display of his heroism was a song to the beautiful human character.
In the end, it's not to say everyone would act as those heroes did, but if we both devoted ourselves into our society, world cover with love and beauty.
Everyone has a favorite sport.
My favorite sport is swimming.
I started going swimming when I was 6 years old.
First, I was afraid of water.
Sometimes I thought I can't do it well but I didn't give up.
I trained hard and I can swim very well now.
I like it because it is good for me and I think it is the most exciting sport in the world.
I love it, so I still go swimming three times a week.
I always train very hard so I have won a lot of prizes, and my parents are proud of me.
This is my favorite sport.
From this histogram, we can get some in formations.Before 1982, gangsters consisted of most adults and only 10 percent of youngsters.
With the growth of year, the drug addicts' age was changed.From 2002, more youngsters become the main of gangsters.
Very early by TV or computer.
They also can learn to do some terrible things, such as playing computer games, watching x-rated movies, smoking, even taking drugs.
In addition, many social elites trick many youngsters go to bar and some entertainment venues,youngsters can't resist temptation,so they have to take drugs.
In my opinion, it's a very adverse effect that youngsters take the drug.First, parents should teach their children far away from the drug.Second, youngsters should take the study as the principal thing.Besides, government should take effective measure to put on end to the drug.Only in this way can we wipe drug out of our life.
As we konw,the internet brings us a lot of conwenience.But the inseparable connection let our personal information becoming more and more insecure.For my part,one way to keep our information safe is to confirm whether the site is safe when we are asked to fill in the personal information.
This method can reduce the risk of information leakage greatly.Many informal website access to your personal information and then send anonymous calls or messages to you.What's more,they might sell your information to other criminals.These criminals may use your personal information for frauds or to steal your bank card password.And these are the thing that has real happened before.So to confirm the reliability of the website in advance is very important.It can protect information security when we need to fill out our information on the internet.It can also protect the property security of us or people around us.
In conclusion,we should not fill out our personal information easily in web site or other places unless wwe know that it is safe.
This is to certify that Miss Susan Hobson who has been worked as a secretary in our office for tow years.During this time,Miss Susan Hobson worked hard,be loyal to her duties and honest.And she is a competent secretary.She has a good command of English and Genman,and can speak them fluently.She can do a competent job on general interpretation.
My name is D.I am 18 years old.I'm from Y.I like the beautiful and busy city very much.My hobby is going shopping with my friends.
It can make us happy.My favorite food is French Fries,because it tastes delicious.I like listening to music especially pop music.I dislike sports.Because I 'm not strong,it's hard for me.I think I'm an outgoing girl.So in the university I have a lot of friends.My friends are all kind to me.They can make me happy.So I like playing with them.
In the new school I also hope myself can learn how to communicate with others.All in all I enjoy every day.
My topic of the speech is how to be a good listener.
It's very important for us to listen to other people.
It says that respect for us to listen to other people.
Being a good listener can help for our interpersonal relationships.
And our parents listen to us can help us, misunderstanding can appear.
The teacher listening to us more and more learn her students.
Classmates listen to other classmates can be good friends.
But we should how to listen others.
First, we should learn to listen.
Second, we should learn to speak.
Last, we should have a happy heart.
That's all.
Thanks.
There are many reasons for this.
First, parrots can live for up to 50 years, that is they will bring you lots of happiness for many years.
Second, it is easy for parrots to respond your feelings, for example, they are able to make you happy.
Third, parrots are clever enough to speak.
If they are taught to speak by you, they will say the same words what you say.
Finally, keeping parrots as pets don't cost much, you just need to take good care of them with your heart.
As a result, parrots make the best pets.
Sandy was woken up by her favorite rock music.
She sang along with the music and wanted to turn it up louder.
But her father Steve Finch didn't like the music and ordered her to turn it down because he thought it was horrible stuff and may even hurt Sandy's ears and brain.
After her shower, Sandy went to the kitchen to have her breakfast.
There her mother Jane bugged her about her clothes and makeup.
Jane thought Sandy was too young to wear makeup, while Sandy believed that she was old enough to do so and that all the other girls of her age were not only wearing makeup, but also doing far worse things like tattoos and pierced ears, etc.
After Sandy left for school, Jane and Steve had a conversation about their daughter.
Steve was really upset and concerned about the music Sandy listened to, while Jane reasoned that different music appealed to different generations and what really concerned her was their daughter's makeup problem.
In the end, they agreed that they need to have a talk with Sandy.
Jane knew what she wanted to say to her daughter and was happy that they could still communicate with each other.
She wanted to be there to support Sandy all along, but meanwhile, she would give her freedom to find her own identity.
Some people hold the view that the classics are classics because they have stood the test of time.
Accordingly, they are to be treasured by people of all generations, ours being no exception.
Others believe that the classics represent the wisdom of the past.
As we are advancing towards the future, it is our responsibility to venture into the unknown and generate new understanding of man and nature.
I think what they say is very reasonable, but I have different opinions.
From my viewpoint, the classics not only show us the different characteristics of different periods, but also contain all aspects of the society.
Let me take the great poet Du Fu for instance, the poems of Du Fu all expressed his worries about his country and the husbandmen which were in his later works.
This is because in his old age, his country, the Tang Dynastic was turbulent.
In his work of this period, we can have a perceptive on the social unrest, and the people were living in pain while the ruling state was lapped in luxury.
On the contrary, another great poet Li Bai who was lived in the period which the Tang Dynasty was very prosperous and strong, and the social was stable, the people lived and worked in peace.
In Li Bai's poems we will have an insight into the conditions at the time, and his poems were romantic and elegant.
So through these we can understand that the classic work of different periods can express different characteristics.
The A Dream in Red Mansions which was written by Cao Xueqin.
Read this book you will find that it was contains many aspects of the society.
The engraving, the medicinal materials, the doctor of traditional Chinese medicine and so on.
Which plays an important role in today's research into the ancient days, sculpture and medical science ect.
In a word, in modern society, I think the classic has a very important position, they bring us into the rive of history.
It is the crystallization of wisdom of ancient sages which make us mentally well off and enhance our cultural enrichment.
So let the classics be classics.
In the long run,this plan is a better choice which is both beneficial to the tourists and tourism.
will be built from this moment,because we all know money is very important for us,either things bought with money is also needed us to protect.
On the other hand,when the tourists become more and more civilized,when enough money is raised,the sand belong to the shore will be replenished,making the buildings be protected and all things have done.
But the disadvantages are that people hear the news that the free shores need them to pay money,some people may refuse this decision,which can reduce the number of tourists.
The long term plan may be hard to achieve,but it finally can be achieved,because most of them are wise.
W.X.
was working very hard at college when he discovered that his girlfriend was going out with someone else.
He felt he really loved her and he was angry that she had let him down.
His girlfriend had kept her relation with the other man secret.
W.X.
only found out about their relationship by accident.
He said he felt betrayed.
He also felt fooled because he didn't realize earlier that she was that sort of person, so he blamed himself for falling in love with someone who, as it turns out, can't be trusted.
Not surprisingly, he felt depressed and he couldn't get on with his studies.
I knew W.X.
was depressed about missing her and this was affecting his studies.
So I advised him to talk to a counsellor.
After all, counsellors are professionals from whom he could get better advice.
A few days later, he told me that he had taken my advice.
It turned out that the counsellor quickly understood that his problem was not really about the ex-girlfriend.
W.X.
had realized that she wasn't the right person for him.
So although he missed her, that wasn't really his problem.
His real problem was that he refused to meet other girls.
He simply didn't trust his own judgement any more.
He smiled ruefully so I invited him to meet my friends; they are mostly girls and they're really nice.
I said, "Look, you don't have to trust any of them until you feel you know them, but, you know, trust is a game that everyone can win.
The way of learning in China is various about what it is in the West.
Chinese teachers focus more on skills, while educators in the west like to get creativity at first.
"Teaching by holding his hand" is a popular way of learning in the best Chinese tradition.
For example, if you intend to get across the river, teachers will tell you how to do it.
In addition , some teachers even set an example for you.
However, the disadvantage is that you lose the creativity when you pick up the skills.
In contrast, developing his creativity is principal in the West.
Educators in the west only tell you what you should do, not how to do it.
As the example mentioned before, they only tell you should get across the river.
Then you need work out a plan how to arrive there.
Finally, you may know which way is the fastest.
Nonetheless, there is a pity that you can't get the skills practiced as soon as possible.
As far as I am concerned , though there are many differences between them, we can also gather a superior way to approach education by striking a better balance between the poles of creativity and basic skills.
We should make different plans in accordance with diverse students.
I am a seventeen-year-old girl now, so from birth to today, I have experienced various things.
In my opinion, I don't have the most unforgotten day, because I have too many unforgotten memories, so I would pick one of then talk with you.
Before some-days, on November 24th was my birthday.
It was on Monday and I went to school earlier than any day.
To some certain exact, I was very excited.
My friends gave me different kinds of gifts and I received lots of best wishes, as well a few big hugs, that made me felt very warm.
After class, I caught a piece of cake for classmates to eat, I made a wish, and friends song birthday song for me, the cake was delicious , I felt very fortunate.
It was obviously, we had a wonderful time that I wouldn't forgotten the time forever.
There are a lot of museums around us.
more and more museums become free of charge.
On the one hand,this is because the government in order to improve our quality of the population.
On the other hand ,they can rich people's knowledge.
But at the same time also can bring a lot of problems, instance some one damage the museum'sthings,even destruction thire.And more and more people makes the museum environment deteriorate.
In my opinion, free museum are important for us we can get more knowlege from thire and we should intiate people to care for the museum.
In addition the government should strengthen management of museums.
fall in love with China.
Nowadays, whether the employees should retire at the age of 55 has aroused wide public concerns, some people think the employees should retire at the age of 55 so as to leave their positions to the young generation; and others have different point of views, the employees should work a little longer, maybe it's time for their retirement at the age of 60 or 65.
Personally, i support the first statement.
With the rapid development of science and technology, there exist increasing competitions.
From very young, everyone have to take every effort to study hard and learn more knowledge to find a job in the future.
Though more things we learn, the difficulty being employed is still on the rise.Also, they must work hard and pay much more time and energy in their jobs, often it wears them out to work all a day.
In addition, they are faced with more pressures, besides tired physically, a growing number of people collapse psychologically.
So in their working periods, they have no time for entertainment.
After retired, on the one hand they can learn something they once interested or do something they like, on the other hand they could provide opportunities to new generation who have more energy and more aggressive.
Another reason is the fact that it is much developed in substance material, people could support themselves to work about 30 years.
It benefits both the old and the young if the old generation retire earlier at 55, and it's more productive to combine the old's experiments and the young's energy and aggression.
It may appears a more harmoniousness society.
As a 90s, we have a common experience, we are face with more problems in go to school of a higher grade and getting a job is more and more difficult, the competition is very intense.So we have more anxious, we can pay attention to oneself and despise work together, we are easy to failing in perseverance and easy to get discouraged, blind aspire and hopes become famous.But we have more advantages, for example, we are very braving, we are facing challenge and do our work more quickly.Sure we need to learn to more knowledge, Please do trust us.
Reading, like other activities, brings unique pleasures to the readers.Nowadays, more and more people like to read.Because many people think books can tell them more about the world, and help them become wiser.So, they enjoy reading when they're free.
In fact, reading can help us with easy access to the wisdom of the ages and delighting stories.By reading stories, people can learn more about the world.Besides, they can relax themselves when they are reading.So, people can acquire pleasure of the mind.
On the other hand, reading can help us get cultured.
Most important of all, reading can bring us a lot of knowledge, and allows us to remain invincible in a competitive society.
In general, reading is good for us, and we can get a lot of pleasure from reading.
Small as the room where I live is, it is clean and tidy.
When I open the door, a touching and picturesque view greets me, watercolor painting hanging over the opposite wall.
While I go forward, I am aware that the floor is covered with a tan rug under my feet, and above the rug lays a coffee table.
Now, make coffee table as the core.
To the west of the coffee table, there stands an oblong-shaped couch where the throw pillow puts and the window that is covered by lilac drapes is adjacent to.
To the southwest of the coffee table, there is an end table above the floor.
At the same time, a light and handy lamp over the end table heaves in sight.
To the southeast of the coffee table, there stands a green armchair.
In the wake of long time working, sometimes we feel tired.
Then we can sit there, watching TV, reading newspaper, chatting and so on.
As time goes by, winter is approaching.
In order to warm ourselves, there will appear a fireplace to the east of the coffee table.
To the northeastern corner of it is an easeful loveseat, which can be used to contact and improve the relationship.
No wonder it is an enjoyment to stay here.
Books are the ladder of human progress.
I think reading is one of the most important things for our life.
There was always more to understand, to learn.
And there is no doubt that books can give our opportunity, them give our more helps in life.
There is no denying that with the development of material the qualities of our intellectual living have gone form bad to worse.
Therefore, we still more need reading changed the bad situation.
In a word, we cannot emphasize the importance of reading too much.
Today,a quarrel occurred in my family.I argued with my parents.This morning,a interview of Jay Chow would be broadcast on TV.I love Jay,so I watched the interview without doing honework.My parents were angry and required me to do my homework.But I insisted to watch the interview.So they turned off the TV and I shouted!They do not know why I am fond of Jay,they consider the songs of Jay are kinds of rubbish!But I love pop music,my parents do not understand me.I was so sad.I think generation gap is very common at present.
Everyone know that there are many proverbs in China,today i will talk something about "Man Proposes, God Disposes".
If you want to acquire success,you need make a plane first,but only do this is not enough.Exists only in the mind of thoughts can not be reality,you should take real action actively.But there have a question,is not as long as you work hard you can succeed.The answer of course is no.
It isnot everyone can get the results he want when he disburse intension.Sometimes need some luck that god gives you.
In my oppinion,this proverb is let person know if you want to acquire success ,you should forward first step,try to do everything well you can.Do not let yourself regret.Let rest for God to choose it.
In this proverb we can clearly know that if we do everything in advance, we can make great achievements.
But if we for being lazy and not to do or to delay, that will make us achieve nothing.
This proverb tells us that everyday business should be carried out without delay.
Besides, it warns us not to be lazy.
But again and again I cheated myself.
However if I had done as planed, I could be better now.
If life is a journey, I will regret unless I take it seriously.
If I always mean to set off later, I will always stay in situ.
Make the first move, or you will lose the golden change.
In the writing class, we played a fun game.
First, our teacher took out a picture.
The picture is a lovely pig.
Second, the teacher put us into two groups.
She let us respectively to draw the pig body parts.
We were assigned the task.
Then, we draw us assigned to the part on the blackboard one by one.
and then by our own group of partners to taught us how to draw.
We are all very excited to taught our partner.
Finally, we all wanted to help them by myself, but no.
We finished our work.
Then the teacher to comparison which pig picture is better.
We won.
The fact proved that our team cooperation ability is stronger.
We are all very happy.
In our joy, we had the class.
In human history, the death penalty has a very close relationship with development.
In the ancient days, the rulers apply the penalty to keep the society stable.
Put other way, it means that people who commit a grave crime threaten a nation's domination.
So they should be sentenced to the death penalty for their guilt.
From this time onwards, the death penalty becomes a punishment, then today it is kept by many countries.
With the advance of the human civilization, nowadays the death penalty still exists in many countries.
It is no denying that the development of the world cannot avoid the death penalty.
But in many western countries, they cancel this penalty in their laws, from it we see that we try to change this situation and realize that it needs to change.
It suggests that the death penalty becomes a step back in this world gradually.
Although there are lots of countries still apply the death penalty as a punishment to those who commit grave crimes in Europe.
Development and death in human history are close to each other.
The material life becomes rich and varied, we focus on free and learn how to respect each other.
This respect includes human life not only some rights the law gives to us.When the first person choose to sacrifice his life to rescue others, it tells us something, dose it?
To live or to die, that depends on ourselves.
Maybe we can own the fruits of somebody's labor or deprive them of political rights, but no one has a right to rob somebody of his life.
When we learn to survive in primitive society, life right already belongs to ourselves.
It is better exile someone than condemn them to the death penalty.
The death penalty is not a solution to solve the criminal problems .It should be changed with the advance of the world.
From the chart above, we can easily observe that cross-campus selective courses are gaining an increasing popularity among college students.
In 2005, the prevalence of those popular subjects, such as law, finance, business administration and Japanese, have attracted nearly twice the number of students in 2003.
According to the social changes that have taken place during those years, a multitude of factors may contribute to the notable rise.
First and foremost, employers tend to hire individuals with practical experience.
Therefore, in order to obtain a comprehensive knowledge of certain aspects, students are eagerly seeking every opportunity to be exposed in various kinds of lectures in other universities, even though they have to spend hours on buses.
Moreover, since the development of Internet and smart phones, students get access to selective course information more conveniently than ever before.
Additionally, college students, especially graduates who cannot wait devoting themselves in society, are more likely to accept those appealing advertisements about effective learning or quick training, instead of studying at their own campus.
Nevertheless, we are not supposed to turn a blind eye to the defects and difficulties while selecting such kind of courses.
Learning takes time, yet a large amount of students are too anxious in self-fulfillment.
Meanwhile, faculties and resources in some colleges are so limited that the courses are merely a waste of time.
In short, the cross-campus selective course system still leaves much to be desired.
If I have the opportunity to continue my study, I will choose Australia.
Because I think Australia is the best place to learn English, find a part time job, and also to travel.
First, I want to improve my English skills.
Many people said study abroad is the best way to learn a language.
There is no more effective way to learn a language than to live in that native place.
Seeing and hearing English in daily routines make my learning progress quicker.
Everyone speaks English nowadays and if I can speak English as same as my mother tongue, I will be more confident.
Second, I can help my parents to afford my school fee by working.
Working in Australia is very easy to do even I am still a student.
As a general rule, student can work for up to 20 hours per week while school in session, and full time during school breaks.
This extra income can help me meet my budget.
Last, amazing landscapes and scenery make me more interesting in study there.
I like to see the Opera House and Harbour Bridge.
Pleasant blue skies make Australia more beautiful.
Those three reasons make me think to continue my graduate studies in Australia.
Nowadays,people have higher standard for food and drinks.However, food safety has become a problem.Such as control exceed the standard,illegal cooking oil,tainted milk and so on.
What caused the food is not safe?As far as I am concerned there are two reasons .Firstly,Businessman want to get more profits,in order to make the food more delicious, they had to use food additives that are bad for our health.Secondly,Because of the pollution of the environment, causing the food raw material has been polluted.That is why food safety become a problem.
What should we do for it?I think that the relevant departments should set more stringent standards for food, We should protect the environment.So that we can eat more safe.
When it comes to junior high school students, they spend most of their pocket money on snacks and computer games, which costs too much.
About 30 percent of their pocket money are spent on books.
The sports goods cost them 15 percent of their pocket money.
The rest money is on the clothes, saving and so on.
For the senior high school students, they spend more on books, which is necessary for studying.
What's more, they pay less for snacks and games for they are more mature.
The sports goods costs about 20 percent of their money and the rest costs accounting for about 35 percent.
As far as I am concerned.
Middle school students ought understand the importance of using their pocket money properly.
For one thing, they should spend more on books, which is good for their school work.
For another, money on games and snacks must be controlled.
Only when we learn to spend our pocket money efficiently can we live more happily.
Switzerland,situated in the middle of Europe,covers an area of 41,000 square kilometers,and has a population of 7,500,000.
The capital of Switzerland is Berne and Geneva is famous to world.
Austria,France,Italy and Genmany is around it.
Switzerland which has become a dreaming destination for me has a beautiful scenery and is called The world garden.
The climate there is really wonderful.It is not too hot in summer and not too cold in winter, and ther is no pollution.
The watch,the chemical and food industries are developed.
One of my dream is skiing in the mountain of Switzerland.
All in all,Switzerland is a good place for you to travel.
Often in the middle of the night with our people still lingering ravel.
All the past have vanish into thin air.
Such as hanging in the morning dew, in the sun disappeared without trace.
Already had several cycle time.
Doomed to have to forget.
Suddenly, the heart some loss and pain.
It is not all the predestination can become ten phase buckles, everlasting.
The happiness and sadness of hope, will one day finalizing.
Then I would prefer to forget, forget the past, abandon the old happiness.
I was deeply burned into your soul.
Use my heart of the condensate live you hidden smile.
Those clouds light wind clear, pen dye faint aroma day, let a person long smile attentively.
Drink in sichuan forget all unforgettable a vein aloes.
Predestiny love after all hide however, I smile.
Look flow, bowed their heads and smile, dim and move.
Some peple think reading selectively is true .It help obtain to be valuable for message.
Now,student love reading romantic fiction ,the book serious influence study .So,Reading good books to read, this will be harvested.
In my opinion,we not only should reading seletively ,but also well-read.only by the combination between the 2 parts,can develop better.
In the world ,we should Reading good books and good reading,When we read a good book, for our future life will be helpful.
In contemporary society, as increasingly tough competition poses great pressure upon people, we find that the requests to college student are more and more.
Consequently, it's essential for us to get to know the world outside the campus.
First of all, it's a good road to know through mass media, such as Internet, video, television, newspaper and so on.
Secondly, we can also take part in the social work to attain that.
Therefore, as a college student, I want to be a student that has great comprehensive qualify, so I will get to know the world outside the campus as much as possible besides study.
For example, when I play computer, I would not just play games or chat on line, rather than to know more current events and something involved in our future's job and so on.
In this way, can we make preparation for our development.
I almost stayed in my grangparents' home for the whole vacation,because Spring Festival is a time for people to get together with thier family.
There was a lot to prepare for the Spring Festival ,and I take part in it.Iposted couplets and hung lanterns with my father.My mother and my grandmother bought many things weneed.
On New,year's Eve, my father and grandfather talked about work,my mother and my grandmother were busy wrapping dumplings.At 6 o'clock,we start our dinner.I told my study in the past year and my plan for the next year to them.My grandfather was so happy that he drunk a lot.We all thought that dumplings were delicious.
In this Spring Festival,we all enjoyed ourselves because we got together.
In today's society, many college students practice theory is very rich, but the lack of social practice, so that after graduation at work hard to do, have no experience.
School is, after all, a limited display platform, society is a learning experience, times have changed, and practical operation ability is very important, should be caused take seriously.
In summer social practice, I deeply felt my lack of practical ability, social needs are an all-around talents, need is value creation, in practice, also want to learn how to communicate with people, communication, understand the society is very cruel, only you are good enough not to be eliminated.
In my opinion is just as important as theory and practice, if you have time can have the chance to go to practice is very good, can accumulate a lot of experiences and learned a lot of knowledge, learn how to study, life, human behavior.
Only know how to link knowledge and happy life this is the purpose of education.
Chinese traditional culture is profound and has long history, but today traditional culture is slowly disappearing.
Chinese traditional culture is deeply rooted in China's the long history.
Chinese traditional moral like etiquette.
Such as humility.
Everyone all know "Kong Rong let pear" This was China spread for thousands of years of a moral education story, is the true story of the late Eastern Han Dynasty Chinese ancient astronomers Kong Rong, educational things people should know humility etiquette.
"Three Character Classic" thaw "in four years, can let pear" for this.Before people have the etiquette, but now we don't have this.We lost it.In today's society,can be more and more people learned to reach the goal by hook or by crook, earned to gain can be despicable,learned to benefit struggles can be set to kill.People's moral concept has been a serious recession it is thought-provoking,and really can have a tolerance and humility virtue of Chinese people is less and less.
Now the competitiveness of the society more and more stronger,the to the faster pace of life also,people have more and more desires, people morals to gradually collapse.People care about money,care about the fame and fortune, just don't care about harmonious humility.
May be The Chinese courtesy of courtesy not Suitable for modern society,but that is ancestors left To our wealth,we can't afford to lose it.If we can use it well,our society will be more harmonious and wonderful .
I Like Learning English .
First of all,I can communicate with foreigners conveniently who can show their culture .Secondly,it is very easy to read english books to solve some difficult problems.Last but not Leta,English is spoken widely.
So you do not worry about understanding foreigners, if you travel to foreign.
That is all.
Increasing as the numbers of people in metropolis, problems occur day by day.
Such as great density of populations, all kinds of pollution, high unemployment, massive pressure on places to live and so on.
There is no doubt that cities like Guangzhou and Shanghai would have lost so much if they did not take actions to fix these problems.
High incidence of unemployment, one of the biggest problems, drives tens of thousands of immigrants crazy.
With so many people flooded in some big cities, jobs are highly in need, which will lower life qualities of people there, resulting in retrogression.
To this phenomenon, on the one hand, I reckon that the governments are supposed to create more new jobs and have taxes cut properly.
On the other hand, job-hunters should lower their attitudes, which can help them meet more jobs opportunities no matter what occupation it is.
With the methods mentioned above, I think this problem can be solved gradually sooner or later if we take them seriously.
Most physicians want to pay appropriate attention and want to do it ethically.But When after health care expenditures threaten the solvency of the federal government, physicians have to care for patients forced.
A commitment can't be cost-effective care to be reconciled with a fundamental principle of primacy.
There are two main reasons.
On the one hand, we have seen so much new and expensive medical technologies which were more or less of usage to patients recently.
On the other hand, health insurance has become so widespread.
What a conscientious physician can do is raising the appropriate price of some new cancer drugs and surgical procedures.
Insurance was widespread, so many physicians wouldn't be reluctant to order an expensive intervention,unless it offered a good chance of substantial benefit.For kinds of reasons: doctors should make the denial of such inappropriate or unethical care.
It is generally recognized that most U.S. Household couldn't handle these costs because of large debts and minimal financial assets.
But the extreme skew in annual health care expenditures and eliminate care tare more harmful.
When physicians are collectively caring for a defined population within a fixed annual budget, it is easier for every physician to resolve the dilemma in favor of cost-effective medicine.
That becomes "appropriate" care and let it become an ethical choice.
My hobby is playing basketball,swimming and so on.But in my free time,I often play computer games with my brother,we often play SanGuo games.I often watch TV and fly a kite.I usually go to the library to buy some books,I thinks it is good for my studys.My friends usually invite me to his party.I have a good time in the partty.I'm very happy,I like my free time.
When it comes to the confidence, it is no denying that confidence determines how much we achieve in life and it is a special tool to make our life better.
From my perspective, learning, being positive and looking in the mirror with a smile are approaches to build up self-confidence.
Learning must be the first place in doing that.
As far as I am concerned, inner world is the source of confidence.
Learning enriches our knowledge and boost our artistic taste.
All of these can enrich our inner world and the true skills and genuine knowledge give us the courage of being confidence.
Avoid self-pity and never allow others to make us feel inferior, because if we allow them to do that they would only do so.
A negative attitude just can make others believe that are losers.
Instead, speak positively about ourselves, for instance, our future, our progress and so on.
Show our strength and qualities to others then we force the ideas in our minds and encourage growth in a positive direction.
On the basis of the "facial feedback theory", by looking in the mirror with a smile every day, we might feel happier and more confident in the long run.
The theory suggests that the expressions can actually encourage our brain to register certain emotions, so this action is good for building up our self-confidence.
In conclusion, build up self-confidence isn't hard to us and there are also other methods to do that.
We must strive to these means and then build up our self-confidence.
I am a college student,but I did not take part in social practice,my classmate is that.Lake of exercise,which is now college students have some things,so after graduating from begainning ability is poor,most companies don't want to students of social practice exprience.
In my apinion,if you want to change the status que.First of all,during the holidays we need to take part in some social practice more,communicate with experienced people.Secondly in the school partipated in the activities more exercise myself,it will enrich their knowledge,accumulate more experience.
Academic research, if we perceive from its definition, is research in a particular area.
We search for information everyday, but here, we are talking about searching something that has already been undertaken by others.
Having been familiar with the concept of "Academic Research", we need to discuss how to start with it.
It is without doubt that the first thing is to select a target.
On this matter, first, the subject we choose must be something we are interested in.
Second, we need to make sure the relevant material is available and can be got through by us.
Last but not least, it is advisable to work out a scheme.
With this all preliminary condition well-prepared and organized, it is time for us to set about.
As it is much easier to say than to do, ideas are easier to be thought out than put into action.
In the following days, a lot of researching and note-taking tasks arises.
Brick by brick, once we got substantial proof, we'd better make a summary of what we have collected in the past days, and draw an outline about our paper research writing.
It is of vital importance to work out a paper writing that can be accepted by others.
With an organized, proof-based thesis, our academic research comes to an end.
Dear Peter I'm L and from the high school attached to N University.
I encountered you in US last year and it pleasures me to know you.
Now,my school will hold a summer camp.
It is similar to US camp.
I think that later camp is very good.
Because it to making me come outing and make friends,and so on.
I were benefitting and growing from it.
This camp will take around country and live in a Chinese family.
I want to study Chinese culture.
In fact,we have been expecting you for quite some time.
If you go with,I will very pleasing.
In the 21st century, our environment is getting worse and worse, people began to pay attention to the protection of the environment.
Now, "green" is a very novel concept, as a college student, we should protect the environment from our own and try our best to create a consumer groups, especially college students.
In order to create a conservation-oriented campus , at first, we can start from our own, we should develop good attitudes, buy only what you need and try to buy the right amount of things, this avoids wasting.
Then, we must save water and electricity, when you leave the dormitory, you should turn off the lights and water.
Don't use one-off items, it's harmful to the environment .
Last but not the least, we need to develop a good habit of creating a conservation-oriented campus.
I hope our living environment is more and more beautiful.
My favourite TV programme is "The Legend Story",this TV programme is broadcast on Jiangxi TV.It began in the evening 9:00,and by the end of two hours.Although it's too late for me that the TV program began,I still insist on watching the program be for I go to bed.
The content of this TV program is same to its name,it shows viewer one story after another.In my opinion,each story of this program is especially.In these stories,one part is about the infill,one part is about the immoral,and one part is about the unfamiliar null of nature.Unlike other programs,it makes me realize that there are many things in life happen,through these stories,I see a different world.
The reasons I like this program are quite a lot.On the one hand,it can satisfy my curiosity,every story makes me surprised,on the other hand,from these story,I saw another side of human nature,for example, the human not moral.The more importantly,these stories inspired me a lot.It let me recognize, respect the natural law is extremely important.Also let me appreciate the lack of love, life can not.We should go to act upon others with love,let the world abound in love.
Liu Wei,an armless piano player,has a very very special experience.
At the age of 10, he lost him arms in an accident, but he didn't give up his dream to play the piano.
He has a very strong will.
He learnt from to practise playing piano with feet.
At last his came to China's Got Talent with his dream.
I think Liu Wei's story tells as me some senses,such as where there's a will,there's a way.
So he is my hero because he's one of the best armless piano players.
I was probing a learning method of some role modol in my leisure time.
Here is my finding: Most of them had make a plans .
they have a plan for you called plans for learning because that's what it's all about .
And they will conduct their study plan if there are lost of diffculties .
And it is significance to require date of completion for each learning good .
Every good plain also need a good schedule , So there for each learning good must have a comesponding date of completion .
So the study very efficientlly and are decisive , and accurate in their judgement .
Of course , another important reason is they also like interaction their point with other people , and they can get good adviceces form other .
Last , I would like tell you if you can do it like this you also can fufill you completion , and to be a competentman .
There will be a fashion show next Monday at 17:00.
I know you enjoy fashion very much and I wonder if you could go with me.
We could meet at your home.I do believe we would have a pleasurable time .
Please call me back tonight to tell me whether it is acceptable.
The top students of university are enviable.Generally,these top students have some commem characteristics.
Fistly,top students are all clever but not the best .The reason why they become top students is that hard working.Although they have high IQ ,they know :No pains , no gains.So they always study steadfasty.Secodly,top students always make full use of their time,they know the time is equal to everyone,but peple use it in different way,and the result of course are different.Thirdly,top students have a strong ability what they can put themselvese into things deeply.No one and no things can distract them when they are studying.
After knowing the top students' unique advantages,I determine to follow them.If I can make it come true ,I will also be a top student.
For now, students have many difficulties to face, which is one of the most important part of learning, life there are many difficulties for us to face, in my opinion, the most important is how to cultivate personal independence life ability is the most difficult, and most important.
In the face of difficulties, everyone has their own way, but different methods have different results, for me,When I face difficulties, I will keep calm, then think carefully about whether I was wrong, then find a way to solve it.
Specifically, the difficulties encountered in general university life is not used to the food, do not fit.
Study without teacher's urging, some people, will inevitably be lazy on that final make-up or rebuild, for these difficulties as long as we dare to face, to overcome it and not very difficult thing, believe everybody can do it.
I have a lot of good habits.
I always arrive at school on time and do my homework.
I hardly ever stay up late.
I usually exercise five or six times a week,and I drink milk every day.
However,I have had habits.
I often watch TV and use the Internet for more than two hours a day.
I often eat hamburgers four or five times a week,and I hardly ever eat vegetables and fruit.
I sometimes eat junk food one or two a week.
As the proverb says that "actions speak louder than words",we should learn to know the importance of taking actions in our life .
When I was in elementary school, so bad was my achievement that teachers didn't expect much of me.
Once, I was determined to go to study so hard that I tested to the first class during an exam.However, my teacher didn't believe me and she thought that I had cheated.At first I felt very sad, but at last I still decided to take actions to prove myself.
I studied much harder, not only did a lot of exercises, but also as long as the subject would not understand,I consulted students everywhere until understood them.The result of hard work was that I tested as the first in class again.In the end , my head teacher was satisfied with me and also praised me.
At that time, I really understood what the saying which called actions speak louder than words meant.
As an active boy,exercise is always No.1 in my heart.
I suppose that playing basketball is the best way to exercise.Consequently,I have poured much time on it.So,the Park of Basketball is my favourite TV programme.
When I watch the Park of Basketball,excitement abounds in my heart.As you can see,the best basketball players in the world gathered in the NBA,show themselves on the court.Maybe it is not only a kind of sports,but also a great lesson,which encourages us to pursue our dreams.We are young enough to strive,to pursue our dream.
When we grow old,we can say: I have no pity.Normally,being in good health is our first dream.As time goes,many of us are not much healthier than before.So,the kind of programme like the NBA gives us excitement and encouragement.
All of us have our dream,and I am only an ordinary boy with my dream.I just intend to be a healthy boy.Sports go ahead,then health follows.Everyone should be in good health,and then they can do anything that they intend to do.If you don't have a healthy body,you can do nothing.The NBA is such a pretty good programme,no wonder that all of us should pay much attention to.
People are spending their holidays in different ways.
From the picture,we can see choose the biggest holiday at home people proportion ,is thirty eight percent.While twenty seven percent of people choose to travel abroad.The other twenty four percent of people choose the movies and friends sing to spend the holiday.The rest like reading books at home watching TV or gardening.
I think the holiday has many benefits.It is exciting to visit different places.As you travel ,you will see beautiful scenerise typical of the region.Besides,you can meet and make friends with people of different colors and races.Finally,you can get to know to customs and living habits of the local people.Today people are so fond of travelling that tourism has become one of the faster growing industries an most countries.
The main reason why people travel is, perhaps,for pleasure.For example,having worked hard throughout the weekdays,people will find a widened trip to the nearby mountains or beaches a real relaxation .For another example , spending an annual holiday travelling abroad is an especially satisfying experience for those who do not have much of an opportunity to be away from their homelands.
When people return from their travel,they will generally feel fresh and energetic,ready to work harder.
On the other hand a vacation zt home also has a lot of benefits.Such as cultivation of body ang mind with family.To promote family harmony.
Each peoples mind , so choose a holiday the way is different also.As long as we happiness is the most important.
Drugs are addictive, so please do not think that you might be stronger than other people.
Even taking a drug just once is extremely dangerous.
First, drugs are illegal.
Buying or selling drugs, having drugs, these are all against the law.
You will be punished if you break the law.
Second, drugs can be very bad for your health.
Drugs are powerful chemicals.
They give you very high blood pressure; they do strange things to your heart rate; they stop you from eating properly; they change the way you breathe.
Drug addicts feel ill most of the time.
Third, drugs cost a lot of money.
If you take drugs you will soon be poor.
You will lose your friends and have a lot of trouble in your life.
Finally, please remember : addiction grows.
Drugs make people become disregard family, devoid of humanity, morals, or even access to the drugs, take risks and commit crimes against the community.
We are in adolescence, the nation's future is to rely on our youth to the development of these, so we are burdened, promising.
But the drug has gradually toward juvenile clutches, most of the drug ecstasy, it will consume their energy, so that many young people learn to regress, abandoned their studies.
If so, the country will lose a large number of talents, your friends and family will be for you to feel sad and disappointed.
In the kindergarten, some children take a busy weekend.
In the middle school , some students don't have any interests or only have one .
When they grow up, some people don't have creativity and they are dependent .
Part of the reason that parents spend too much time helping and determining their children's future.
Every children are eager for happy childhood when they are young.Their brain don't have too many rules and regulations, they can imagine themselves in the future.
However sometimes they are forced to go to cram school , Mathematical Olympiad , English, spoken and so on .
They don't like them, so they don't have too much enthusiasm to do them .
They are not happy everyday, just like in the completion of the task, they are bound.
They admire some of the same age friends that they can play in the park with their partners every noon , they can go to the animals zoo with parents , and do something they like to do.
With children grow up gradually , they need ability.
Before they do one thing , first have own idea to plan the whole process .
It's time to do the thing , can calm down to solve some trouble they meet and have a perfect ending.
It reflects a person's ability.
Rather than no sooner they have any trouble than ask their parents for help.
From they are young to old, they can make their own choice, plan their life and think themselves deeply.
They have good self-control.They know what time to do , not to do and how to do .
To summarize , children should be allowed to make their own choice rather than parents spend too much time helping and determining their children's future.
But it doesn't mean parents absolutely indulge children.
When children are not right and have some trouble they can't solve, parents should give them a hand.
Thank you for writring me.I will tell you my daily life and some rules in my school.
Every workday,we should get up at 6:00a.m and quickly eat breakfast and go to school at 6:45a.m.Wehave to arrive at school before 7:30a.m,or our teacher will punish me.
At school,we should hand in our homework before the first lesson.We have Chinese,Maths,English,Physics,Chemistry,History,Geography,Political,PE,Music class and art.If it is Monday,when the first lesson is over,we will go to the playground to raise a flag.
When the classes are over,we have to go home quickly and write our homework until 11:30p.m.And we almost have no time to relax and have some exercises every day.
So,this is my school life,I hope I cango to your school to watch it,and welcome to my school to visit it.
As we know,in China,children go to school when they are three years old.From which we can see China attaches great importance to citizens' education.In my opinion,we cannot survive in modern society without fundamental education.
For an individual,first of all,we can learn basic life common sense of all aspects such as physics,chemistry,math and so on by receiving education.Secondly education teaches us how to get along with others and how to integrate into society.And also,it makes us form correct values,which helps us maintain the steady of the society.
For the whole society,education has been a weapon,with which the people equip themselves to acquire relevant knowledge,skills and habits to explore the unknown things which also promote social progress as well as human progress.
From what has been discussed above,we can draw a conclusion.Education has been significant progress in the daily life of human beings.Only through education can we improve our comprehension of things and find the way forward.At the same time,it also improves the quality of people's lives.We need to pay more attention to education.
Chinese government has decided to ban the smoking in public places all over the country.
It will come into effect from the first day of 2011.
The no-smoking signs will be put up in all indoor public place.
There are 350 million smokers among 75 percent of the man and 25 percent of the women in China.
About 540 million people are influenced by second-hand smoke, which causes 100000 deaths annually.
As is vividly depicted in the drawing,in front of the table,people are playing their mobile phone without any conversation,ignoring the dishes.The picture's meaning causes us to be thought-provoking.
It holds to apparent that the picture is indicative of pervasive problem with regard to people mobile phone.Nowadays,it's the most papular way to keep in contact with their friends,relations and mates by using phone.
People are able to integrate some classmates and invite their friends by cell phone messages.As we all know,mobile phones can bring people great convenience and shorten the distence among friends.However,as a growing number of individuals are addicted to mobile phones,more and more people prefer to connect others by phone rather than communicating.Wha's worse,people become indifferent to their friends,neighbours,as well as relatives.It is harmful to us.
In my opinion,communication is nessary to our life.Mobile phones are just tools to get along better with each other.People are willing to work with others to promote friendship.
I have a large family,include my father, mother,and my bother.I love my parent.
My dad is a sourness men and he gives me a lot of good ideas when I make a decision and when I am confused.My dad frequently gives me help.
I am extremely honnor to my dad and I am very thanks for him.I love my dad.
My mom is a beautiful and kindly lady, she loves me extremely.My mom is a housewife,she cooking very well and she always care about my study and my health.
She likes go shopping and charting with her sisters, my mom health is not good but she is also hopeful.
My dad is a worker now,he always stays at home and he likes walk and excise,so he has a good healthy.
Mrs Sun is my English teacher.She is thirty years old.She has short black hair,big eyes,and she wears glasses.
Mrs Sun is kind and friendly.but sometimes she will be strict.She likes reading and listening to music.
Mrs Sun is a good teacher.when we got bad marks,she will tell us not to give up hoping,and help us to get good marks.sometimes she will be angry with us,but we know,she loves us.That's why she is my favourite teacher.
My name is X. I come from Beijing in China.
My hore is my mother because she is kind and helpful and she like me very much.
My mother woke me up.
And then, she makes breakfast for me.
Then I go to school.
My mother helps me to clean the room.
My mother will cook a lot of delicious foot.
She helps me a lot When I am in trouble.
In the weekend my mother will take me to the park.
We will have a good time.
When I was unhappy she will make me happy.she spends lots of time with me.
I think my mother is my favorite hore.
I like she and she like me too.
not search for a fit job, and that lead to them are apt to take civil service exams.
because the civil service is kind of employee who works for the nation, and paid by the nation.
Of course, the competition is more than our ability.
out of work.
Taking civil service exams is a way of life, and we need ourself-reliance.
I am Z. I come form X. I am 18 year old.
I am kind person.
I like helping people about your something.
I would like to make friends with you, I also want to spend the 3 years of college life with you.Evebody has his own interests, sometime I play compter game, as lol.
I like listening to the music.
I play sports every week.
As everyone knows, I am a student.
There are four people in my family, they are my father, my mother, my sister.
It is a great pleasure to be in this big group, to be a member of the,I would like to make a contribution to this geat group.
I hope we will get on well with each other, thanks you.
Most people considered that we can't live without purpose.
However, I do not think life need an exact purpose.
It's fairly obvious that purpose is an inspirational ward.
Nevertheless, it can't bring good news all the time.
More often than not, we failed to achieve what we want.
As a result, we will live under disappointed for a long time.
What's worse, because of these negative senses, many of us can't cheer up again and will lose other possibilities in the rest of our life.
You may ask me.
My answer is life itself.
In my opinion, the meaning of our life is enjoying life itself.
Nowadays, some people pursuing wealth, someone pursuing power, some others are pursuing science and so on.
Everyone started pursuing with great passion, but only a few of them success.
Most of them just waste their whole to pain, but gain nothing at all.
It's true that some of them take their interests as their purpose, they are just a little part lucky dogs.
Most people's purpose comes from vanity and daydream.
As time elapse, emulation will slack.
Whether they can achieve it or not, they will regret for not enjoying life itself at the end of their life.
On the other hand, without purpose, our life may become very boring.
Then what we have to do is to live everyday as the last day of our life, cherish everything and enjoy everything, try our best to complete everyday perfectly and comfortable.
Only in this way can we live a meaningful life.
From a baby to now, everyone told us that life can't without purpose.
It looks as if achieve purpose means a success life.
Anyway, life is short, I think we should try our best to enjoy it and make it meaningful.
Otherwise, we just live for a purpose during our whole life.
Christmas is coming.Are you happy?
I think you must say "Yes".
I have the same answer with you.
In western, Christmas is smillar to Spring Festival in China.
They all means that the beginning of a new year.
People also be full of happily .Smiling on their face.
On Christmas Day, people can change presents each other,wish the beautiful ideas and so on.
They always have a great time with their family or friends.Christmas is so wonderfui!
My Dear friends.
Happy Christmas to you.
Nowadays,more and more people go to the cities consequently the cities become overcrowding.Therefore there are many problems in the cities.First of all,the traffic become inconvenient.People go to work by bus or subway always in the crowed situation and sometimes they should wait a long time because the vehicles are too crowed to admit a person more.Secondly,the natural resources such water and electricity are consumed a lot thus cause the resources tight.Thirdly,the huge population produce too much rubbish that lower the environment quality.
Based on the problems,I consider that we should take some measures to solve them.On the one hand,our country could continue to take the family planning policy to control the number of population,which may solve the problems fundamentally.On the other hand,the nation should carry out some policy to promote country development so that the countrymen can earn their living in their hometown.In addition,the government could provide more basic facilities to make the citizens' living more conveniently.
As is known to us , many college students are wanting in social practices.But who can tell us why many college students don't take an interest in taking part in social practice.some people think college students don't transform their ways of study from high school,other believe that the college students are becoming more lazy after university entrance exam ,while others hold the opinion that society sets threshold for students.
But the fact is that some college students keen to take part in social practices .They may take part in a variety of social practices in order to be praised.
In my opinion taking part in social practices actively is the necessary behavior.
Though things always have two sides ,taking part in social practices do more good than harm.It is true that taking part in social practices occupies our free time to study or play.But college students benefit a lot from taking part in social practices .Taking part in social practices can improve interpersonal skills,through chatting with others.What's more taking part in social practices can broaden horizons .
Taking part in can make us more good to adapt to the society .Thirdly taking part in social practices can practice our practical ability .Last but not least nothing is more important than taking part in social practices to college students.If we ignore the thing taking part in social practices,we will miss a lot of chance to change our life.
In a word,taking part in social practices is good for college students.
The bar chart shows the China's growing percentage of computer users in youth from 2% in 1965 to 50% in 2005, simultaneously, the graph of China's percentage of short-sighted persons who use computers in youth sharply went up from 5% to 60% during the same period.
We all know that as the improvement of China people's living standards, the computer be used by more and more people, especially in youth.However, when they use a computer, some bad habit would result that short-sighted of eyes.For example, youth like playing computer games for a long time, eyes be forced to expose on the computer radiation, the youth vision will decline because the unhealthy behaviors.
As for me, when we play the computer, we need a bright condition.Otherwise, we should have a rest when we use computer for a long time.Furthermore, we could rub the eyes after use computer.
I cannot remember the not-so-little things during this holiday,but it has influenced my life.As I think of the summer holiday,mixed emotions come flooding back.My youth proves to be meaningful on account of the experiences this summer.
After I handed in the final exam paper, I with some friends got on the train to DaZhou,in which we would take up our part-time job-as a teacher.It was obviously difficult for us to start our work.First,we had to rent a house,or we would live on the streets.Then,we started to advertise our training institution.Although it was terrible that the burning sun made us tired,we stuck to receiving every student and his or her parents happily.At the same time,we had to explain all kinds of questions from them.Due to our hard work,we enrolled over 150 students from primary school to senior high school.
As an English major,it was reasonable for me to teach English.I taught middle school students who were very active and friendly,they studied hard and were interested in chatting with me.Sometimes,they invited me to fish and climb mountain.Besides,I taught a boy separately afternoons,he called me sister and usually bought some delicious food for me.All the people here got along well with each other.
A month was short,but memories were everlasting.During the summer holiday,I learnt how to teach students properly,how to overcome some unexpected trouble and how to be a friend as well as a teacher .It was not the money I earned that made me happy,but the unforgettable experiences here.
This is my pen,is red.
This is my ruler,is blue.
This is my apple,is red.
This is my banana,is yellow.
This is my cup,is white.
These are my cups,is white.
These are my rulers,is blue.
These are my pens,is green.
These are my pencils, is yellow.
These are my erasers,is black.
That is my apple,is green.
That is my banana,is yellow.
That is my quilt,is blue.
That is my desk,is white.
That is my bike,is red and blue.
Those are my rulers,is blue.
Those are my pencils,is yellow.
Those are my pens,is red.
Those are my apples,is red.
Those are my erasers,is black.
I'm glad to know that you're going to our school.
The number Four Middle School lies of the NanBaiw town.
IIt is school in the mountains nearby, they can provide us with fresh air.
The scenery is so becutiful that we like it.
Very few schoolmate our school and our school is poor in resources.We have difficulty with learning, but there is no one but longs to go to college.We should do our utmost to achieve our college dream.
I believe you will like our school.
Not only because the scenery but also the qualities of our school learn.
Such is human nature that people have a strong desire to be triumphant when they are involved in their work.
However, under no circumstances will they succeed readily if they don't work hard.
It was not until that day that I realized that diligence played a vital part in my study.
Having failed the exams once again, I knew today's exam was just another failure.
Reading the magazine unenthusiastically, my mind was a complete blank, not knowing how to explain to my parents.
, which reminded me of the time I spent in entertainment.
It was my laziness that result in my failure.
At that moment my heart was lighted and didn't feel confused a bit.
Inspired by the proverb, I determined to work hard.
Those who are reluctant to work hard may never enjoy the happiness of success.
Whether a man will succeed depends, to a great extent, on his industry.
In order to protect Miss Emily Grierson,her father isolates her from the external world and drives away all the young men who adore her.
When her father is death, people prepare to call at the house and offer condolence and aid.
Miss Emily tells them that her father is not dead.
She does it for 3 days with the ministers calling on her, and the doctors, trying to persuade her to let them dispose of the body.
Just they are about to resort to law and force, she breaks down, and they bury her father.
In the summer after her father's death, she goes out very little.
And the town has just let the contracts for paving sidewalks.
The company comes with riggers and mules and machinery, and a foreman named Homer Barron.
Presently people begin to see him and Miss Emily go out together on Sunday afternoons.
And then, it is said that Emily will marry Barron.
But Barron has remarked that he is not a marrying man.
As the affair continues and her reputation is further compromised.
She goes to the drug store to buy some poison.
She is required by law to tell how she will use it.
But she doesn't answer.
When she opens the packsge at home, she finds the words written on the box are "For rats".
Afer the streets have been finished, Barron is gone.
And within 3 days he is back in town.
A neighbor sees the Negro man , the servant belongs to Miss Emily, admit Barron at the kitchen door at dusk one evening and it is the last people see of Homer Barron.
In 2 years after Miss Emily's father's death,Colonel Sartories, the town's previous mayor, has suspended Emily's tax responsibilities to the town, justifying the action by claiming that Mr.Grierson has once lent the community a significant sum.
As new town leaders take over, they make unsuccessful attempts to get Emily to resume payments.
When members of the Board of Aldermen pay her a visit, Emily reasserts the fact that she isn't required to pay taxes in Jefferson and that officials should talk to Colonel Sartoris about the matter.
However, Colonel Sartoris has been dead for almost a decade.
When she dies, people come to held the funeral.
And after the funeral, they open a room's door which no one has seen in forty years.
they see the items for an upcoming wedding and a man's suit laid out.
Homer Barron's body is stretched on the bed.
And then they notice the indentation of a head in the pillow beside Barron's body and a long strand of Emily's gray hair on the pillow.
Daming has a special holiday pian.
let me tell about it.At8:30,he gets up and washes.At8:45,he eats healthy breakfast.At9:00,he does homework carefully.At10:30,he does sports at park.At12:00,he eats delicious food.
At13:00,he has computer lessons or English lessons.At16:00,he reads many kinds of books.
At18:30,he eats a little food for supper.At19:00,he searches for information or watch his favourite TV programmes.
I have a happy family.
Though there is only a little furniture in my home and everything in the rooms seems rather disorderly, I love my home very much.
Everyone has a family.
We live in it and feel very warm.
There are three persons in my family, my mother, father and I.
We live together very happily and there are many interesting stories about my family.
My father is a hard-working man.
He works as a doctor.
He always tries his best to help every, patient and make patients comfortable.
But sonetimes he works so hard that he can't remember the date.
My mother is a woman with a bad memory.
She always does a lot of housework, but sometimes she makes mistakes out of carelessness.
For example, one day, she washed clothes in the washer, after the washer finished the work, she found she hadn't filled the washer with water.
Now let me tell you a funny thing: one day, father wanted to get up early as usual, buthe wasn't able to do that, because he hadn't set the alarm clock the night before, so when he got up, he did everything in a hurry.
I was greatly surprised.
Just as mother said, father came back home soon, and went to bed again--he was too tired.
I hope that you will have one like mine, too.
Nowadays, with the Internet technology and globalization developing, universities begin offering teaching to students from all around the world in the way of distance learning.
Some people are against it , considering that the distance learning could hardly ensure the students' study perfomance and that colleges should not offer qualifications to those who learn through distance learning.
Nevertheless, from my perspective, the advantages of the development of distance learning from the Internet surely outweigh the disadvantages.
Initially, learning on the Internet save money.
When a student learns on the Internet, all he needs is a computer, which means there's no need to pay for the travel to school , the rent for a dormitory , the expensive tuision as well as the fees for his visa.
Take my cousin, who studies in London for instance.
Her college charges her for 20 thousand Yuan a year for study ,and a flight ticket to London cost her 8 thousand Yuan.
What's more ,she has to pay rent for her dormitory in London ,which is super high in such a big city.
If my cousin's college could offer distance learning that does not require her to travel that far,she can save all that expense.
Furthermore, there are countless people in this world who are too poor to get the chance of education and never get noticed even though they are very talented.
