We should not let this situation continue, want to change this situation, I think the English teacher should be strict to students' spelling, students should also realize the importance of spelling on thought, attach great importance to the spelling in learning English.
Though my first summer vacation in campus life is shorter than these in high school, it is indeed impressive to me.
Because it is my first time to travel alone with my friends instead of families.
We went to Beijing, the capital of China, as planned.
First, we went to the Imperial Palace, appreciating a marvelous creation excelling nature, applauding for glorious buildings which had been made of sweat from hard craftsmen.
Then, we decided to visit another tourists attraction, called Nanluogu Lane, which is well-known among people of Beijing.
When trying to find the way to Nanluogu Lane, we met with a couple of local old people, who insisted they should assist us finding out which was the shortest route.
After arriving there, we hang out for a while, enjoying Beijing cultural sightseeings, tasting a lot of local characteristics snacks, such as Old Beijing yogurt and popsicles.
What's more, a much more interesting thing happened to us.
As the globalization of economy, more and more foreigners immigrant to China, which is a commom phenomenon.
When asking for help to get understood the way to ICBC, a foreigner helped us with local knowledge in fluent Chinese.
There is no doubt that scenic spots are attractive to me, but warmhearted people in Beijing are more attractive.
As my unforgettable vacation, it enriched my life experience and taught me to be independent and so on.
Besides among a variety of things, what it impressed most is that it is vital for everyone to be kind-hearted and considerate.
As is indicated by the chart,there have been dramatic changes in the quantity of cell phone users.It has soared from 500 in1999 to 900 in 2000,during the short period.The reasons why the phenomenon exists may lie in the following aspects.
Firstly,what the development of technology has brought up can contribute to the popularity of phones.A variety of phones cen be seen here and there.
Secondly,it's convenient for people to carry something protable with them.They can turn to phones for help instead of looking for telephone in case of an emergency.
From my perspective,its benefits do overweigh its defects heavily.Although to a certain degree,the overuse of phones does harm to people's health.A man without proper use of the tool which is widely used,is more inclined to suffer both body and mental illness.In reality,it has transformed the approaches to communication into what we know today.
Dear Dad and Mom.
As an envoy of Chinese and foreign exchange, I was invired to come to Beijing and join the "Experience Chinese" activity.
There are many things to do.
Let me tell about these.
I learn and communicate with Chinese friend.
We do sports together.
Besides, I visit famous and interesting places and watch Peking Opera.
I learn Chinese history when I tasted Chinese food.
When Spring Festival coming, We ate dumplings.
I love the lifestyle here.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
Students begin to choose what they like and what interests them to develop their new skills.
I believe it is quite possible we will benefit.
For example, I really joined lots of activities just like the English club.
The reason why I joined is that I loved learning different kinds of languages from an early age, so I'm happy to get together with members every Friday.
There I broaden my horizons and gain more knowledge, and I have made new friends at the same time.
As for sports, I go biking regularly, which makes me healthier and healthier.
I also watch movies, sing songs frequently, which touch me a lot and impress me deeply.
In a word, these really do good to me.
We may live a colorful life with the rapid development of after-school activities.
In my opinion, it pays to take part in them and then gain experience, and they are of importance and may make a difference to us.
In the chinese textbook in senior high school,there's an essay written by Woolf titled The Mark On the Wall---her first work in the stream of consciousness,which confused me a lot.However,I became interested in the author Virginia Woolf.And her another work A Room of One's Own has struck a chord in my heart,quite resonated.To know her more,I began read her;and To the Lighthouse seemed an interesting book.
form of her works is the stream of consciousness.Besides,Woolf has a relatively good family background;at last,she gained the free run of her father's library,initially directed then left to read what she wished.
What happens in To the Lighthouse?It is about life,time passing,people coming together and influencing each other,misunderstanding and attempting to understand each other,relating or not relating to others.
The key figures the book shows are Mr. and Mrs. Ramsay,two characters representing different ways of seeing the world.Different thought processes create different results.Mr.
Ramsay is an "earth mother",sensitive and emotional,with a very subjective attitude toward things,like the ordinary female.This is illustrated when they look at their flowers.
This novel throws up some big questions in life.Mr.Ramsay needs to know what it is of us that lasts?Why do people bother to create,act and think?What really remains?These are brought to the matter of philosophy.Hard to seek answers.
To the Lighthouse highlights the difficulties we have in pinning relationships and experience down.That's where it attracts me.It will,I think,take a long time to understand what she really wanted to express.
Cellphone used as a communicational tool to connect with other people is popular in schools.
I'm not really agree this point.
It makes students more convenient to keep in line with other people via cellphone.
To my knowledge, Students' first use about phone is to reach other people, in another word is what they like most is that they can reach other people, like one aspect that Mr. Bran said.
But I don't agree with the other aspect of what Mr. Bran said.
I think what people like least is other people disturbing them, not other people can reach them.
For example, people may be glad to receive their good friends' or parents' message and calls.
If the people they care about cannot reach them on their birthday or so, they must be very depressed.
So they like least is not other people can reach them, but is other strangers or people they don't like may disturb them.
In the sentence" they like least is that other can reach them" ,"other" has a wide meaning, if be replaced by other words would be better.
Hello, I am L. My English name is Ivy.
About my English name, it was an accident to find it when I was looking up a dictionary.
Well, ivy is plant lobed evergreen leaves.
It stands for energy and youth.
Also, we've heard The Ivy League, which was set up in the Northeast of America.
So I think, Ivy is a good name.
After all Ivy just is a name, now I'll tell you something about the real me.
I can be an outgoing girl, also can be a quiet girl.
But if you're familiar with me, you'll find I am the former one in my most time.
And for my hobbies, I like to listen to some soft music, read some novels and go shopping.
I really like to dream about my future.
I hope I will be a person I appreciate one day.
I wish I can do well in business English.
What's more, I'll try my best to be a manager in business.
But now, I do hope I will live happier and work harder than before.
I expect I will make more friends and read more useful books.I believe I will be satisfied with myself in three years.
The Internet plays a important role in our daily life.More and more people rely on it.In fact,Internet really change our life,our work even our study.
Eveyone need Internet.It make long distance short.People can chat by email,qq and facetime.If you are too lazy to shopping,also you can buy something on the Internet.And if it's rainy,you don't want to have lunch outside,you can order on the Internet.
Internet has so large infomation that we can find everything we want.The pretty pictures,the songful musics,the famous movies,the interesting wedsite,ect.Internet has everything that includes you can't imagine.But nothing is perfect.The internet also has shortcoming.It's so convenient that some evildoers use internet threat others.That causes a number of people are afflicted.
In my opions,the Internet is a two-edged sword.We need to distingguish which is right and which is false.Only in this way,Internet can help us to study, work well.
It is obviously that you will notice that it is much different form high school in college.
You have more freedom and opportunities in college.
One of the biggest differences between them is that in college every decision is yours to make.
You are allowed to choose what classes you want to take and when those classes will be.
If you had ever felt trapped in high school, because you were unable to make decisions for yourself.
Now it is the time to prove to everyone that you know what is best .
In college you are set free, and if you let your ambitions guide you, you can do things you like.
You must try your best to fit the conditions .Making some lists and spending more time in working something you are interested in.What's more ,you'd better make some friends to talk when you are alone.
courses will start at november 1st .
Nowadays,our daily life to show more and more recreational activities .
There have many kinds about that.
Amusement make people enjoy their life everyday and it also ease the pressure about their busy work.
For example,many people go to KTV to release their emotions.That was so cool.
But,undoubtedly,overly amusement also make up some damages to our society.On the one hand, it was easy to bring up man's laziness.On the other hand,more and more violence incidents happend on our community because of recreational activities.
From my perspective,we shouldn't spend too much time,energy and money on amusement because study is our priority.
I think recreational activities is very important to our life, but it should be right and meaningful to us.
I read an email from Canadian student on P71 of the students' books.The article introduce Canadian school day wonderful that I want to introduce my school day.
In school there are eight classes a day.A lesson about fourty-five minutes.We have a two hour lunch break.And we got a very good rest and is helpful in listening to the class in the afternoon.
We have seven kinds of lessons .They are Chinese,Mathes,Englinsh,Physics,Chemistry,History,Geography and Politics.There are all kinds of lessons are very interesting and fantastic.
After school we have all kinds of activities.Some of students play sports in the stadium or playground.Some of students do the experiments in the laboratory.And the other students have other hobbies and interests.
As far as we know,to Chinese people,nothing is more important than the Chinese Spring Festive.People celebrate it in a magnificent manner.Here is some information about it.
Before the Chinese Spring Festival,people always buy new cloths.What's more,there is a common phenomenon that almost every families paste the couplets on walls.Besides,people clean the house to give a warm welcome to the new year.
During the Chinese Spring Festival,people often have a new year's eve feast which is really a huge meal in the New year's eve.Children like making firecracker.In additions,young people stay up late to greet the new year.
Now, I hope you have some idea of the Chinese Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is celebrated by chinese people, Christmas is celebrated by westerners.
Though they have different cultural backgrounds, the two holidays are alike in some aspects.
For example, first, the Spring Festival and Christmas are the same in that they both are the greatest festivals in the east and west.
People always prepared beforehand to create a joyous atmosphere.
Next, both Christmas and the Spring Festival can satisfy children with new clothes.
Then, people in China and west countries can also meet their family members who they do not see for a long time in that day.
In addition, families would celebrate it all together and enjoy delicious foods.
So according to these examples, we can see that they have cultural backgrounds and origins, but the two essential holidays also have several similarities.And they also have some special meaning to China and west countries.
We are pleased to advise you that your goods under the Sales Confirmation have been shipped by S.S."Pearl",then transshipped by S.S."May flower" in Hong Kong.
This term deals according to cost price plus freight.
We have sent out to you on March 15,2013 by fax so that you can make insurance in time.
Recetly years, the craze for graduate schools is sweeping over colleges.
According to a survey, more than 200 thousand college students took the entrance exam for postgraduate schools in 2007.
As is known to everybody, college students nowadays are under a bit of pressure of employment.
On the one hand, the expansion of higher education caused that the number of the college students is growing fast.
On the other hand, with the limited educational resources, college students are not able to develop professional skills of abilities that can support them jobs.
Therefore, they have to choose post-graduate school to avoid the pressure temporarily.
Every year, a lot of students entered the colleges that they don't care for.
It is said these people own a famous school complex, which motivate them to strive for their ideal universities.
Generally speaking, they are eager to receive higher education in order to establish their own careers someday.
That's why in college they take decisive actions to prepare for the post-graduate schools.
There are always countless bystanders on the way to post-graduate schools.
Chances are that they simply follow the trend and drift with the current.
Another possibility is that they are forced by their parents to take the entrance exam to post-gradutea schools.
Or they just try their fortune.
Actually, all of the college students need to clear why they want post-graduate education and that whether it is suited for them to take the exam.
In other words, it is a process of drawing blueprint of life.
I don't want to accept such a fact that I have become a university student.
Since I have been admitted to university I find I have lost myself, I don't know what can I do and how to do.
When I was a high school student I know my duty is try my best to study to enter a good university as I was supposed.
But now, not only me but also the most of the university student don't know what should they do next.
Following are the mood that most of the new student have.
For example, feel lonely, feel confused, feel inferior, and so on.
On the one hand, when we find everyone around us is so splendid and we aren't the best student in teacher's eyes anymore, it's a bad feeling which makes us feel lost and inferiority; on the other hand, we left our parents the first time in our life, when we stayed with them we couldn't see the concern they give us, instead we felt they're nagging and even argued with them, but when we left them we find it's such a happy thing when we heard their nagging which include love.
To be honest, I miss them so much.
The last but not least, I find I don't know how to study by myself without the teacher's supervision.
As the saying goes "when the cat's away the mice will play "The difference between the university and the high school is apparent, in high school, the teachers urge us all day on our study, but at university, study is all depends on ourselves, which need powerful self-control.
As each day pass by, we grow up day by day, maybe we should learn to face all the challenges in our life by ourselves from now.
And we also need to find the happiness, the true happiness come from our deep heart which can't be measured by money, I am in trouble in my life now, but I still remember such a sentence "I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards "which encourages me all the time.Lights cannot shine without darkness, it is the same with we human beings, only if you come across the storm can you see the beautiful rainbow.
In conclusion, what I want to say is I believe I am able to overcome all the difficulties and find the direction of my life soon.
Frist,you can take part in a Chinese club,in the club,you can learn some very good waies to how to learn chinese well.In the club,you can study chinese with china teachers ang classmates.
Studying with they,you will flee very relax and very happy.
Second,you can watch chinese TV,and so on.WatchTV is a good waies to learn chinese,and you can see some take show you will be insterest in.
Third,you can learn some chinese songs,when you learn too many songs ,you wust can song chinese songs.
Nowadays internet become more and more helpful and important in people's lifes.But there are also many troubles beacause of internet.Internet just like a two-edged sword.
Internet makes life more convinient.In the past, people had to go out for shoping if they want to buy something they needed.But now,we can stay at home and just click the mouse.The products will come to your house in just some minutes or a few hours.With internet we can chat with friends face to face even if we are in diffirent countries.
We can get messages in internet.You can get news from all over the world where'er you are.Sit on your chair what you need is just a computer then you can get any information you want.Even something your shouldn't know.
There are many bad things in the internet.Such as the vedio about violence the images about eros.They shouldn't be viewed by children but children can touch with them easily.
There are also many problems because of internet .But I think the most important is what we do.Behaving ourselves is the only thing we should do the only action we can do.
Hainan is in the south of China.It is the second largest island in China and it's very beautiful.Hainan is famous for its blue sky,fresh air and sea.It's warm in winter that many tours set come here in winter.There are many scenery in it,such as Wuzhi mountain,Wanquan river and so on.And Hainan is surrounded by the sea.So the Hainan's seafood is very famous.The fruits in Hainan almost tropicana fruits,example coconuts,bananas,pineapples.They are all very delicious.
If you come to Hainan you'll feel people in Hainan are in a very friendly way.Hainan is very beautiful so it's a great place to travel.
My life in the future will be colorful and meaningful.I think I want to be a great doctor.I conscientious stay.
Successful are those who are willing to take pains.The future to find a good job.Then buy the house and car.To find a wife.And mom and dad happy life together.Holiday time and family to go out to travel.And friends to drink tea, play a play.At work, do your best to save more people.Let more people out of the pain of torture.Ordinary over their life.Let yourself use your doctor for more people.
Welcome to Shengyang Zoo!There are mang different animals from different countries.Such as tigers,panadas,elephants,giraffes,camels and kangaroos.
They are pandas.
I like panadas very much!They are white and black .They are antional treasure.They eat leaves and bamboo.
They are monkeys.
And I like monkeys ,too.They are kind for people.They are very funny.They can cilmb trees.And they eat fruit,plants and even eggs.
I'm very happy to introduce miss suan to you.miss san was a secretary in my office in the past two years.Dring the working time,she was very struggling and responsible for her work .She is an honest worker ,is loyal to her work.
On the other hand ,she is good at English and German so she is able to do some interpretation work.All in all,miss san is a very good secretary.
If you has any question, please ask me from 10:00 6th may 2014 to 23:59 10th may 2014.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying private cars.When it bring us convenience also bring something we don't want.Example it make the environment more and more bad and cause the traffic jam.It's make people become more lazy than before.It's not good for our health.But in the other hand,it make our life more convenience than we don't have it.Peoleo who want to go to the distance can choose to drive private car.It maybe more free.Or when you have something urgent,you can drive your car.
The privent cars have two face,on the one hand is good,on the other hand is bad.we should use the privent car in appropriate time.
Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
But l believe that reading has two sides.
it is beneficial for we to read good books.
But if we read bad books it is bad for us.
on the one hand reading can widen our field of vision.
reading can make us known many interesting events can enrich our knowledge.
On the other hand there are lots of books.
ln the book of knowledge is not practical not conducive to the growth of young people.
Therefore we should read more books .
Read some good books.
Christmas is a traditional festival in Western .
Christmas is a because regard it as a birthday of Jesus to celebrate,so call this day "Christmas" .
Most of the Catholic church will first in 24th Christmas Eve, that is the date , December 25 ,held at midnight mass , and some of the Christmas church will hold good tidings , and then celebrate Christmas on December 25 , Another major branches of Christianity , the orthodox Christmas festival in each year on January 7th .
Christmas is also a public hoholiday and many other areas in the western world , such as:Hong Kong , Macau , Malaysia and Singapore in Aisa .
No record date of the birth of Jesus , the bible actually Christmas is make public .
I like Christmas .
With the fast pace of the economy and society, people have no choice but to fasten their footsteps to keep pace with it.
Therefore, physical health is of great significance.
The following are something about how to keep one's physical health.
On one hand, to keep one's physical health, one must spend some time on practice and develop a good habit of exercise, such as running, going to bed early and getting up early.
If one would like to run in the morning around the track, he will have a high spirits all the day, and if he does it in the afternoon, he will have a good quality of sleep.
On the other hand, to keep one's physical health, one must pay more attention to the nutrition he gets.
The healthy menu should be like this.
For one's breakfast, it should contain a cup of milk, two pieces of bread and an egg.
One shouldn't eat too much for his breakfast, and just keep the stomach not full.
For one's lunch, one should absorb more nutrition, such as green vegetables, meat and rice, to complement energy.
And it is the necessary and indispensible nutrition for one's body to keep healthy.
For one's supper, one should eat as less as possible and take some light oil food, such as gruel, which is good for one's stomach.
About one hour before going to bed, one can drink a cup of pure milk, which will improve the quality of sleep.
In a word, one should focus on the exercise and the daily diet to keep one's physical health.
Only in this way can one have an optimistic and energetic state to enjoy one's life.
Nowday,students'cheating is a popular phenomenon in the society.Most people don't know why students need cheat in the exams.As a student,in my point of view,It is essential reason why cheating in the colleges is that most students want to get good grades in the exams.
For the students who always fail in the exams,they cheat only expect to get a better grades,so that they can avoid always being the last ones of all students.At the same time,if they couldn't make great progress,their parents and teachers may scold them.For the students who are regarded as the top students,they are used to enjoying others students envy.For them,they are not satisfied with grades they have got.But they choose the wrong way.Everyone knows cheating isn't a good behaviour.
In my opinion, it is important for students to build up right attitude before exams.They should know character is more important than grades and they should also realize that they can't always get good grades by cheating in the exams.The only way to get good grades is studying hard.The most important thing to avoid cheating is that parents and teachers shouldn't make students be limited by so much pressure.And the school's strict discipline will also help reduce the students'cheating.
A famous actor called Cheng Long once said a sentence:No business, no killing in a commercial.Obviously,if no one needs the things of animals,people will not kill them cruelly.It's wrong for people to hunt animals for their meat,fur,and feather.We should protect them instead of killing them.
However,many people still have the bad habit of eating animals' meat.So a lot of restaurants prepared many dishes of animals in order to meet various customers' need.This cruelty exists not only in countrysides but also in big cities like Shanghai.
Actually,this world is a chain.Every kind of animal has its own place in the balance of nature.So killing animals can create many problems.In addition to it, it's really a pity that we couldn't watch many rare animals in the future.
There are more and more endangered animals at present.Luckily,some people are working to help save the animals and get the government to pass law protecting animals in danger.And experts also have been trying to persuade people who have the bad habit not to eat animals by all means.But there're still some people don't take care of that words and do what they used to do as usual.Protecting animals don't rely on stoping hunting and ordering restaurants not to sell them.And I think the customers who eat wild animals' meat are to blame seriously more than sellers.It's easy to see that if no one buys,hunters will not be crazy about killing them.When the buying stops,the killing can, too.At the same time,hunters must be punished,too.Only from these two aspects,could we achieve the aim to protect animals.
I hope everyone can do something for animals.Slowly,the number of some animals in danger is growing,so that we can keep our world rich and colourful and full of interesting animals.
My mother is the person who I love most.
In fact, when I was a child, I thought she didn't love me but love my brother.
Because she was care about my brother more.
But when I was growing up, I realized my mother love me very much.
She is only a common person, and hasn't highly educated.
So she doesn't say any profound truths.
Besides, she also doesn't express her love before me.
Actually she always prepares stilly something that I need for me.
In addition, she never urges me to do something that I don't like.
I have a unforgettable memory of that experience about her.
When I took part in my first university entrance examination, she came back from HangZhou where she worked, which made me surprise and moved.
In that she didn't tell me early.
Even though she is common, she let me know a lot.
I realize love is expended, and how to be a person.
From the picture ,we can see that online rumors has a negative influence on us .We would become afraid of something that we do not know.
With the development of economy and society ,more and more people have developed a habit of searching the internet ,we can get much information from the internet ,and more people like to look for a good job through the internet .
If there are many online rumors ,people will be nervous about something , like the death of the world in the year of 2012.
So we should take some measures to stop it from happening.
There are some ways in the following , we should learn to differ the bad from the good ,and we should do it by ourselves.We should not spread online rumors ,we should take some strict measures to warn these people who spread online rumors ,so we can live in harmony with others.
In my opinion,chinese learning style is varied,and at the same time,the square.
First of all,chinese people learning style is diverse.Chinese people have a clever mind,for us,and constantly to learn the different kinds of knowledge is a shortcut to enrich our experience.So,we study style is very diverse and useful.
And then,in china,most chinese people are suffering from a examination education influence,so learning style and some invariable and preciseness.In the examination education for children grow up in a small time is in the step-by-step learning,like the parents and th said the teacher said to do,this method will make the chinese learning methods and the traditional one.
So,the chinese learning style is a combination of diversification and rigid change.I think it is very suitable for use of primary and secondary school children.
As is known to us all, different people have different ways in study.However, these ways have their pros and cors.
To be honest ,different people have different way in learning.Some way is good for study as well as some ways is bad for study.For example ,some students like reading at morning and writing at night,because they think their memory is the strongest at moring so that they can remenber the knowlledge quickly .In addition, I like makeing some practice at night because the environment of night is very quiet so that I can focus on my project .
As for as I am concerned, my way of study is very practional.Firstly, I get up early everyday so that I have the time to read words and article and then I can keep them in my mind quickly.secondy , I like listen English songs becouse it can improve my English listening and my spoken English.
Every day, there is someone in trouble in everywhere in every time.
We are not in Marvel's world, we can't rely on the hero with red spider cloth.
But we all can be the hero to others.
Just like the hero in the movie, helping others can't make us rich, helping others can't make us living in a better life.
What we get is more valuable, we get fun when we show rose to others.
We get friendships from helping others.
The world will become better with other's life.
Everyone can be the unsigned hero.
The speech was delivered through BBC after Adolf Hitler's army invaded Russia on a large scale during World War II.
Churchill knew clearly that the immoral and inexorable ambition of Hitler was to subjugate the Western Hemisphere and even the whole world to his will.
The Soviet Union was an intractable obstacle that Hitler was eager and bound to destroy on the way of pushing forward.
To further achieve his so-called Nazidom Conquest, the British Isles would be his next prey.
Facing the tremendous pressure from Hitler's violent invasion and ferocious attack to Russia, Churchill felt a sense of urgency to send aid to Russia and fight against Nazi together.
Then he made a speech to his people to enlist them.
It later was proved to be successful.
Firstly, the content of the speech hit the spot and achieved the aim.
Under the circumstance of being warned that the homes would be lost, the land would be occupied and the family would be broken, the British worry about survival of individual and country was evoked and patriotic enthusiasm was stimulated.
In addition, Churchill compared Russian people's hard life and soldiers' gallant fighting with Hitler's brutality and wickedness, which aroused a great deal of sympathy for Russian.
Considering his embarrassing stance, Churchill, an arch anti-communist, was scrupulous and tactful in his speech.
He made his people naturally believe that helping Russia was helping themselves and all pursuing freedom.
Churchill successfully expressed the cogent cause for his declaration war toward Hitler.
Secondly, casting aside all the political factors, from the aspect of rhetoric device, this speech was exquisite.
It took Churchill nearly 12 hours to compose the speech where the rhetoric exertion and writing techniques added much splendor which made the speech more vivid, powerful and persuasive.
For example, Churchill used such many noun sentences as 'with great rapidity and violence', 'in the efficiency of' to stress a heavier degree.
He used repetitions and parallel to achieve emphasis and used metaphor to embody his literary quality.
Without the literariness of the speech, maybe thousands of people couldn't be touched and impelled.
As a successful speech, it possesses two significant factors at the same time: persuasion and literariness.
It was forceful enough to encourage people to take up arms and sincere enough to inspire people to defend the freedom.
Thanks to the NAFTA ,the deficits and job loss have accelerated in U.S.While the U.S. government push forword to promote "Fast Track" trade policies,without step back for a stratigic pause to consider Thoroughly the following : igoring the imports and counting only exports;the manufacturing sector suffer the greatest job loss; the susutained and substantial appreciation of the U.S. dollar.
So,further trade liberalization should be stopped and existing trade agreement shoud be repaired.
As is known to us all, the way of teaching is rarely different.
However, different people have different opinions.
Some people approve of the lectures in class.
Others prefer to the discussions in class.
But, I have some thoughts.
The points are as follows.
First of all, in my opinion, I am fond of the discussions in class, because the way of teaching can make class lively and interesting.
Thus, this class will boring no longer.
As for students, this is a particular good thing.
What is more, the students can communicate with others freely.
It helps them to sort out the kinds of problems quickly.
Last but not least, class discussion can improve the ability of independent thinking.
It is extremely useful to students to express themselves.
To sum up, I would appreciate it if the way of discussions in class can be carried out.
Wherever I am, I find it hard to resist the tempting call of my hometown.
Situated at the north-western tip of Jiangxi county, bordering Fengxin county with a small winding river is my l old hometown, the humble and bleak industry and relatively highly developed forestry and tourism village.It has a population of more than 20 thousand people and an area of 1377 square kilometers.
It is at the foot of a mountain.
The residents there used to make their living by orange cultivation.
Later, the environment were slightly polluted by modern industry.
Since then, life has never been easy for the villagers, as they have to live off the tiny pieces of land.
the village is famed for its fresh air and comfortable weather, Once, the stream flowing through my house was so clean that you can even see your image upon the water surface and each family drank from it but as I now look back upon those tough days and drab lives, I feel blessed; I seem to have gone through the ordeal and am capable of facing any hardships.
As I am growing older, in my heart, my hometown has become the symbol of the deepest nostalgia and stood for an everlasting affection.
In turn, I can always seek solace through visualizing my lovely hometown which is always a place I never forget.
Death penalty has been recognized as the severest punishment for minimizing the crime rate.
However, many people are against it while others are enthusiastically for it.
In terms of its origin, death penalty has always been an efficient tool.
The ruler will always sentence the person arousing people's anger to death in order to create a harmonious society and then secure his crown.
Therefore, something can be observed, that is, death penalty can also be a tool for the public to retaliate against the person they hate , which is unfair to that person if he has not done the same level of harm to the society.
In view of the results, caused by the death penalty, there is no mounting evidence indicating that death penalty is the best solution to cutting down the crime rate .
The high crime rate is still a serious problem that requires our extra efforts besides the enforcement of the death penalty.
Because death penalty is simply a violent punishment of the body, it can neither transform their mind nor change their nature, for it allows no opportunity for the correction in mind .So death penalty cannot assault the problem at the root.
Moreover, the prime objective of the death penalty is that everyone can abide by the law as required for fear that they may receive the punishment.
Nevertheless, we are not machines which run in accordance with the program, we are emotional and sometimes we cannot control ourselves very well.
So we may kill someone on an impulse without considering the consequences .
As a result, death penalty can not rule out the possibility of crime.
Besides, death penalty has deprived the criminals of the chance to repent and the resolution to turning over a new leaf.
Also, It does great harm to the protection of human rights and death penalty can not compensate for the harm the criminals do to the victims.
Today, the survival pressure is more and more big, we as students, when the four years of University ends, we all will face the enormous pressure on employment.
How to make us adapt to The society which is developing rapidly as soon as possible and how to find a good job, became our contemporary college students must have to consider the problem.
As a contemporary college students, in order to meet the needs of modern society, we must learn a lot of things, such as English, computer, in many universities as students graduate examination conditions, students must pass the four English and computer level two to get a degree certificate.
In the face of strong competition for talent, the majority of college students have realized that we should continue to improve our ability, in order to adapt to the different jobs' requirements.
Therefore, as a college student, I think we need to do the following three points: first, we need to develop good study habits.
Learning is a thing that we are doing all the life, everyone is in the process of continuous learning.
We have to study harder so that we can broaden our horizons.
Second, we should develop good habits,do exercise every day and have a healthy body to ensure our work and study.
Third, we should take the initiative to find the opportunity to exercise their own.
Things are not afraid of the wrong, wrong and we can correct, wait until the next time will be.
If you don't do it, it will never be.
Do much more to know more, will have experience.
This is my point of view.
However, the most important, is that we should stick to, when we learn to persevere, anything will do.
Welcome to this party.
As we all know that professor Smith is plan to go back to his country recently.
Tonight, it is my honor to make a speech.
During the several months.
I acquired a lot.For example, my oral English has improved much.
I remembered that I used to be so shy that I was not dare to speak loudly in class.
What a kind person he was, he encouraged me and at the same time corrected my pronunciation.
In addition, another change in myself were writing skills.
Owing to my poor vocabulary, I was not be able to catch up with my classmates.
To my moved, he helped me learn vocabulary after class frequently.
Therefore, my writing skills are much better than before.
In my heart, I am really appreciate him .Not only he is my teacher, but also a guide for my whole life.
Without his help,I would not more confident and more intelligent at now.
It's my great honor to be here.
I am very happy to see all of you.
Because we haven't all met before, so I'd like to introduce myself I'm L from J city.
Actually, I'm a little nervous.
Please forgive my poor English.
Today what I am going to talk about is Heart of fell grateful.
Absolutely we will answer that it is my parents to take me to the world.
Well, I do not consider it as only a process, but actually a powerful sense of mission.
Yes, more than 20 years ago of a certain day, my parents were in a state of euphoria after I was born.
Meanwhile, they have to start raising me without any hesitation.
Though they knew that was a long-hard way.
The older they are, the more lonely they are.
Standing on your own feet.
All of a sudden, I realized that bringing up a child was so toilsome after a long silence.
With the time pass by, my parents'body are becoming worse day after day.
But I was unable to stop the time and let them be healthy as before.
Growing old is something a man has to accept.
Calling them more times on our own initiative when we are in college.
What's more.
We are mature enough to be conscientious in the performance of our duties.
And value every minutes of family time.
After seeing the adventure film named Journey to the centre of the earth,I found that I really fell in love with it.
In this story,three people arrived at the centre of the earth by chance.After being shocked by the beautiful natural scenery,they attempted to leave there.
The process of escaping was so excited that I was deeply attracted by it.Finally,they succeeded in escaping from the centre of the earth.
The fantasy natural scenery and the exciting experience has left me a very deep impression.
I really like this film, which told a so exciting story.It has opened my eyes and made me fall in love with this kind of films.I have also learned some qualities from the characters.We should be brave to face all kinds of problems in our daily lives.They are not only our duties but also the meanings of our lives to overcome difficulties one after another.
Luo xuejuan Nickname is lolo, 23 years old.Luo xuejuan was born in 1984 in hangzhou city, zhejiang province, is China's national swimming athlete.
She is very like the swimming, swimming training since she was young.Since 2000, has won many national games and the Asian games champion luo xuejuan, broken national breaststroke records and Asian record for many times, and won a good ranking in the world.In 2003 to win three gold MEDALS in the world championships in Barcelona, In 2004 by 1 minute, 6 seconds in Athens 64 Olympic record on the women's 100 m breaststroke achievements, won the first.
Because of body reason, now retired, will be to study at a university in Beijing.
This winter holiday my friends and I had a trip to a southern Chinese city last week.We got together at the airport at about 7 o'clock.We arrive there at 9 o'clock.We had a great trip.The thing which impressed me most is going to the Green Farm.
Firstly,we went to the Green Farm by car for 20 minutes in the morning.And then,we picked vegetables and watered the plants.We helped each other.At about 12 o'clock,we ate some delicious healthy food.We ate very well,and didn't produce waste.we had a good day.
This activity can help us to experience the daily life in the farm and develop the ability to do farm work.I enjoy this trip.
My cellphone the object which I will always put in my pocket.
It is approximately 6 cm long and 3 cm wide.Protable as it is,I can use it to connect with anyone I want in any place.It's made of metal .And it is black .
Though it is inexpensive ,it is priceless to me.
In accordance with the college, I have to experience a three weeks intership life.
As the intership location is far from the school, I spent four days on the road, it is a long journey.
Intership on the first day, after the morning exercises, together with the soldiers to cleaned up the health for the camp, and then ate breakfast.
And then there are the succession ,wash the cars.,check our fire fighting equipments.
If there was a fire, I have to follow them to put out the fire.
After lunch, I have to wash the dishes with the soldiers, or cleaned the dining room health.
Nap time is only one hour.
In the afternoon, we work like in the morning.
In the evening we have to physical training.
Then intership life basically the same as the first day.
Army life is single and boring.
I feel the school life comfortable than army life.
The best part about whole period of intership is bayi army day period.
During the period of bayi held many activities, including the basketball match and tug-of-war.
Finally, I learned a lot in intership life.
As a future fire commander, I need to learn a lot of skills.
Especially good physically ability.So, in the remaining three years, I have to exercise a good body.
And, I must master fire professional knowledge.
In addition to, I also learn to bear hardships and stand hard work.
Qingjiang is the place I was born, which is a county in Hubei province.
The pollution in my hometown is certainly trouble everywhere.
In my memory, once upon a time, the river was clean and tasty; the song of birds was pleasant to hear; the flowers were rich multicolored; the leaves on trees were green.
So beautiful a place was.
A few years later, in order to develop economy, the local government developed several large-scale industry, such as manganese ore, iron and steel and chemical plants.
Therefore, soil opened up as to the highway account to the grass ruined.
Big trees were cut down to build buildings, lots of birds lost home.
The Qingjiang River which is the mother river, contributing to being black and sour, of course, fishes dead and flowed upon the river.
I wrote a letter including problems above to the environmental protection department, things get better.
I look forward to the government take the next policy, and give my hometown a beautiful tomorrow.
It's universally acknowledged that a number of students in the universities like to find part-time jobs,and the part-time jobs more and more popular to college students.As for the advantages and disadvantages of college students' taking a part-time job,everyone has their own opinion.But in my view,though every thing has two parts,there are more advantages than disadvantages.
Firstly,a part-time job can let us earn some money.it can reduce our parents' stress,or it may not a large number of money,but it earn by ourselves,we must be very happy that we are independent to do something without our parents.Secondly,we can contact with more people and make friends with them.Usually,we only communicate with our parents,teachers and schoolmates,so it's the best way to populate our network.Third,some people say that we don't have experience and it will create new opportunities for criminals.But if we never do this,we hardly ever have opportunities to gain our social experience,do we?And those experiences can make our have more advantages when we find a job in the future.Finally,we can learn acquire knowledge and skills,because life is the best teacher to us in the world,we can learn book knowledge,but We shouldn't recline too much upon book learning,we should learn others from life.
Taking a part-time job not only has some bad influence,but also some advantages to us,we shuoldn't ignore the advantages because of its disadvantages.
Mary,who is hard working and good at schoolwork,she studies so hard every day that she always gets good grade at test even in exam.
However,in the final exam,she got only thirty seven in her English.She was so sad and did not talk with anyone.Nevertheless,her classmates did't help but laughed at her.
",after a classmate told her,"If I were you,I would think where I am wrong rather than do not talk with anyone.
With the development of the modern technology , many new things have appeared in our life , one of them is the e-book .
In the age of information and communication , it seems play a crucial role all over the world.
I express a point of view that it will be necessary.
Compared with the traditional book , the e-book seems to have lots of advantages.
First of all , it's quite convenient .
Since it is portable , we can carry it everywhere , without worrying about its weight .
We can read books everywhere .
When you need some information , you can get it immediately , by downloading an e-book.
In addition , it is environmental .
It only need electricity , no trees will be required to manufacture paper , so that our environment can be protected properly.
What's more , e-books can help us broaden our horizons and save our time.
E-books explain almost everything we want to know , which saves us a lot of time to ask for people .
E-books also allow you to mark you page with an electronic bookmark and jump straight to it when we open the book .
As far as I am concerned , e-books will be used by an increasing number of people in the future and more and more functions will be improved.
One day, I got up early.
In a good mood, I went jogging.
On the way, I saw a woman walking her dog.
The dog was so cute, walking toward a pillar, leaving urine and dog shit.
Suddenly, the woman turned around, walking toward the opposite direction.
"She didn't clean the dirty thing up.
I thought.
From then on,the woman took plastic bags with her when she went outside with her dog.
She has never affected other people's rights.It is a good experience.
Freedom of speech is the right of an individual to freely express his thoughts and ideas.
This is considered to be the most important freedom of citizens.
Freedom of speech and choice make people be responsible for their words and actions.
However, it is not an opportunity to act as you want; it does not give you the right to do all you want to do.
From my perspectives, college newspapers should be not grated the absolute freedom of speech.
Some speech that may cause negative effects on the faculty and students should be limited.
For example, some speech may bring material and substantial disruption of campus activities or invade the rights of others and prohibit obscene or vulgar language.
College can also limit the newspapers' speech if it's in the form of a threat.
Not just any expression is a threat, though.
Threats must be perceived as a threat by others.
They must be clear and convincing, causing others to believe it will be carried out and cause other students to fear for their safety.
However, the college should not require everything with censorship and the newspaper should be given freedom to speakout as long as their speech does not impose bad effects on other.
For instance, the faculty should grant students the right of choosing dresss code.
Students often communicate through clothing, which has been their hottest topic.
They should be given freedom to express what they want.
In a word, college newspaper should not enjoy absolute freedom of speech.
Sam and Tom are good friends.They have someways the same and some difference.Sam is smarter than Tom,and Sam is also taller than Tom.But Sam is not as thin as Tom,he is heavier than Tom.So Tom runs faster than Sam.Though they get up as early as each other.But Tom is not so hard-working as Sam.Tom is not as funny as Sam too.
But he is friendlier than Sam.They are both popular with their classmates.
Dear friends, As we all know, we are about what we eat.
Therefore, it's very important for us to form healthy eating habits.
Some students have bad habits that don't eat breakfast, like eat snack, be particular about food and eat too much.
It can bring disease.On the other hand, we should have good eating habits.
We should have correct eating habits and offer dietary variety.
It important for us to eat fruit and vegetables.
It good for our body and against disease.
Personly, good accustom can develop our body.
In a word, good eating habits is good for us.
That's all.
Thank you.
Dear Jim,How are you these days?I miss you very much.I write the letter to tell you that my birthday is coming,I am going to have a big birthday party to celebrate it at Van Gogh Art College of art in London.I really hope you can come so we can play and sing songs together.That must be a happy time.The birthday party is going to start at twelve o'clock and end at two o'clock in the afternoon.I think it is convenient for you to come at that time,so I want to invite you to come to my birthday party.My mother is going to make all Kinds of delicious food for us,so you don't need to bring any food if you come.I believe that you will have a good time if you come.
I am looking forward to your reply.
In my opinion, immersing myself into socializing after I graduated from my college is a great choice.
In order to make myself suitable to this society, I'd better take part in social practice during my college life.
There are a number of students graduated from the college every year.
After they graduated, they try them best to hunt a job.
But only a minor margin of them can make it.
It may because they hardly took part in social practice when they study in college.
They hardly attend social practice, because they do not think it is important.
They believe that if they have a wonderful grade, they will easily find a high salary job.
But the depressing fact shows that "A" level grades students are always cannot find a job.
It obviously that social practices plays an important role in our future.
Now, our society has changed a great deal.
The skill of socializing has become much more important than before.
A lot of companies focus on socializing ability.
Judging whether they hire them or not.
This phenomenon is very common in our life.
So if we want to become more valuable, we should take part in social practice in our school life as much as we can.
As we know,there are more and more students which graduated from the high schools enter the universities.That is the phenomenon which we call "Intake Expansion in Chinese Universities".
Aa far as I am conccerned ,I think we should develop our traffic symstem for making it convenient for people to go to school and go shoppingsa well as others.For a mean while,we should pay more attention to protect our enviroment from now on,and everything as we can as possible.At last but not at least,it is important to devolop our economic to creat more chances for jobs.After all ,nobody can live a happy life without working.
When watching the famous movie, The Forrest Gump, a marvelous majority of the audience would express sympathy and admiration without thinking to the chief actor, Forrest, who is born with a rather low IQ unfortunately.
All the people look down upon and mock him because he is a fool, but, instead, these horrible experiences bring him a variety of incredible success.
With his innocence and purity, he becomes a lucky man.
Nevertheless, from another perspective, there is a virtuous woman, Forrest's mother, who deserves us learning and thinking conscientiously.
Though she herself knows clearly her son is different from others, the kind lady still tells the little boy that he was no different than anybody else.
In the face of the principle rejected to accept Forrest because of his low IQ, she perseveres that her child is a bit on the slow side and can get the finest education as others in normal school rather than go to the special school.
In my point of view, I believe that she is a grand mother, who is willing to sacrifice her all to her son, in order to make himself felt no different from other children.
After finish watching the film, I acquire quite a few.
From the mother 's hand, it is undeniable that mother is the greatest person and the mother's love is the most selfless in this human world.
From the Forrest's hand, I recognize that smart does not mean success or everything.
An idiot can create miracles, too.
We have only one Earth, so please protect it, But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.
The car and the factory are polluting the air.
the environment has been destroy.
The air is important for us.
People puts the rubbish into the sea and under the ground.
The water is also pollution.
When the environment are all has been destroy.
I know you don't want it.
Heal the world, make it better place.
for you and for me and the entire human race.
As far as I know,it's the Spring Festival that is regarded as the most important festival in China.The same is true of Christimas in the western countries.
Before the Spring Festival,people do some cleaning.It's thought that bad luck will be swept away.What's more?The couplet that put up on the door is necessary.Everything is the symbol of good luck.
During the Spring Festival,If the family didn't get together,it would be a pity all over the year.In addition,people dress themselves and send greetings to others with smile on their faces.Last but not in the least,it is considered that the firecraker will bring good luck.In a word,people hope that everything will be better in the new year.
Now I hope you have some ideas of Chinese Spring Festival.
?There is a developing country in Europe where I dream to visit.This destination is Switzerland.
?Situated in the middle of Europe,Switzerland takes an area of fourty one thousand square kilometers.There are seven point five billion people live inSwitzerland.With many famous cities,such as Berne,the capital city of Switzerland and Geneva,one of the most famous cities in the world,Switzerland attacks me a lot.Austria,France,Italy and Germany lie around Switzerland.They have different cultures while they are same in terms of architectures and economy.
Switzerland is a fascinating country with many beautiful places.What's more, it is known as the World Garden.That is why I dream of visiting there.Switzerlandis not only famous for beautiful natural sceneries,but also famous for the powerful industrial of watch making,chemistry and delicious food.
?I think Switzerland is a wonderful country with comfortable lifestyle.I really expect a travel to this wonderful destination.
I am glad to hear that you get on well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
My favourite is Mrs Guo who teaches me physics.
She looks a little fat and often wears a comfortable black dress.
It is said that fat people usually kind and humorous.That's true.
Her lessons is always academic, but funny.
She helps us solves problems enthusiastic.
And that's way I like her so much.
Once,after a terrible test.
I felt said and didn't want to continue studying.
At this moment, Mrs Guo came here and taught me how to work out those questions simply with humorous language.
She not only didn't shout to me critically, but also encouraged me friendly.
I felt very warm and I liked her more than before.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Before the thing I always thought alone at home is very good.Nonetheless in the end,I think parents are very important to me.
One day, my parents interim decision on a business trip,and I only alone at home.At that time,I was very excited.
On Saturday,my best friend and I played outside all day.We went to see a movie, went shopping,and went to the supermarket to buy snacks and drink.After the home,I was watching TV while eating snacks.Didn't went to bed until midnight.
The second day wake up has arrived at noon.And I have a stomachache because last night I ate too many snacks.I don't know how to take medicine and how to go to the hospital.I lay in the bad until my parents come back at noon.When they went home,they took me to hospital.My mother gave me a lot of delicious food.
I think my parents are important to me.
The development of tourism can boost economic growth in local.
It brings up related industry such as the transportation industry,the food industry, business, entertainment, etc.
variety of industries progressed in unity.
Moreover, it creates more chances of working and increases our income, which stimulates domestic demand and improved economic.
However, along with the increase of tourists, cultural relics are damaged by so many visitors.
It brings a list of environmental problems.
For example, the clean water and fresh air are polluted, all kinds of plants are destroyed.
Sometimes tourists will leave the rubbish after visiting.
Then, so many people make the area crowded and beyond the place's capacity.
Fronting the contradiction, we should take measures to balance the two sides.
First, government should attach importance of protecting environment to visitors and give punishment to the bad action.
Second, local government should control the number of tourist avoiding to over the capacity of the sightseeing place.
We are supposed to develop economic, in the meanwhile, protect the environment.
I'm L. Now I'm studying in a university and I will tell you about my experience of high school life.
At that time, I was a student of Senior 2.
I'm working hard.
At school, I get on well with my classmates.
And I like to talk with teachers.
Sometimes I discuss problems with my classmates.
After class, my friends with I went to watch basketball game.
That was funny very much.
But there was moments, we relaxed ourselves to the playground and did after-school action.
That was good.
I think my high school life is funny.
I can make myself want to do, which I acquire knowledge, for the future lay the foundation.
About reading literature different people have different ideas.
But we can probably divided into two categories.One part of them think it is not useful and necessary in their life.
They said no matter whether they read literature continues to their life .So they say it is not so importance for them to read literature .
Another part think it is very important in their life .them treat it as a part of their vital .They read literature everyday as possible as they can .
In my opinion, I think reading literature is very meaningful.
And I can find a lot of interesting things through reading literature.
I think reading literary works both can improve the literature accomplishment and can provide for the life of fun.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I take part in lots of activities in my free time.For example,I always try to have club activities.At the weekends,I often go to the playground to do some sports with my friends.I think that it can make me more healthy,make our friendship closer as well.When I at home,I use my computer to watch some English films so that improving my English.
By joining in these activities,I want to give some advice how to choose activities to students.First,we need choose which we like best to participate in,because that it's good for us to enjoy activities better.Second,I think doing after-school activities without compromising our studies is beneficial to health of body and mind.
No matter how,I encourage students take part in after-school activities actively.When they participate in the activities,they can learn a lot beyond the book from doing it.
All students try their best studying in high school ,because every one want to go to a good university .They think that going into the college means having a fine work .When admitted by the college and studying in the university ,they find that the fact is total different from what they thought.
Some people said the university is a small society .Students in the college should try to adjust the life that they will face in the future, I support this opinion .But the fact is that a lot of students in college do not make the best of their time to study well instead of wasting most of their time in playing computer games and making girlfriends or boyfriends.
When the time in the university goes by, They will suddenly find that they have learned nothing .How can they adjust the cruel society?
In my opinion ,we should try our best to learn professional knowledge and get in touch with the society as quickly as possible .On the other word ,a student who have a good study do not mean he can get a good job in the future.
College is only a platform for students to touch the society early .What we should do is to learn how to use the platform.
Through the wonders of modern technology,a mushroom of people would rather work at home than in the company.As for this phenomenon,different people have different ideas.Someone claims that it is beneficial for workers.While others argue that working at home enhances not only workers'efficiency but also cut employee's expenses down obviously such as the rent.From my point of view,I think that working at home benefits both workers and employees.
First of all,people can take advantage of their time to do many things simultaneously rather than waiting for getting off working after finished their works.For example,when workers do their tasks,they can also cook lunch.Maybe you will conclude that it is just good for workers from this aspect.However,in fact it make us feel passion ate about work.On the other hand,they are able to fulfill their works perfectly.Furthermore,If people work at home,employees need not hire an office where they work together with others.Last but not least,we don't have to spend a lot of time on the way to the company.If there are urgency,what they can do is just using phone to call them.
In short,working at home has some advantages over working in the corporations.Therefore,I think it is not only beneficial for workers,but also availability for employees.
Recently, China constantly broke severe mental health problems.
Which aroused extensive attention.
Due to mental immaturity, a large gap between life and they expected , and students do not know how to deal with interpersonal relationships around.
What's more their heart become lonely and depressed , but can not find a suitable solution,.
Counseling room should play an important role in helping to ease the mood students.
Students themselves should strengthen psychological training,Communicate with classmates and roommates promptly.
Actively provide help to others when they have difficulties .
Every morning, I wake up looking at the sky; it is different from what my parents and grandparents have told me.
Then I check the weather forecast,I always see the high PM2.5.
And the same situation happens in many cities around the world.
We call it air pollution.
Develop public transportation.
In modern cities, there are more and more people affording to buy their own private cars and using them to go to work instead of public transportation.
The automobile exhaust is the major cause of the air pollution.
So reducing it will help a lot.
Now another question is how to develop public transportation.
I'd like to share some of my opinions.
The first one is to substitute clear energy for traditional fuel; the second is to construct subway or city light rail if the city is suitable; the last one is that corporations and firms should pay for some public transportation fares of their employees.
It is indeed true that developing public transportation will be great cost for government and entrepreneurs, but in the long term, it will help deal with air pollution and benefit the cities'development.
I'm honoured to make this speech about our evacuation drill.
First,I think this activity is of great importance.It is aimed st teaching us some knowledge and skills which can save our life when an incident happens.We can obtain an ability of protecting ourselves through the evacuation drill.
Second,I must point out that error in the progress.Many of us do not attach enough importance to it.However,if you take it as fun,what else can ensure your safety in an emergency?Do not take your life as fun!
Last,I'd like to give some advice.Listen to the teachers and obey the orders.Keep calm and look at around.Give a hand to others.
Remember, respect evacuation drill,cherish our life.
Should we help strangers are of most concern to the topic in today's society.
People have different opinions on it.
Some people believe that we should help strangers.They think help strangers is a virtue.Help strangers can make other know they are kind.
It will made our life colourful.
But others don't think so.
They think help strangers will bing problems and dangerous with themselves.
Becouse now help others but is considered to be bad.
People is afraid to help strangers.
In my opinion,there is truth in both view.
So we should try our best to help strangers,but at the same time, we should also know how to protect ourselves.
Different places have different customs .
The Spring Festival in My Hometown,a few days before it,many will go out to purchase,New Year's eve that day we'll stick in your own door cowplet,each major market will hang a lantern.In the New Year's eve that night the family get together to eat hot pot,watching the Spring Festival evening party,the next day morning, to eat glutinous rice balls to represent one family together.then,back to ShangFen.
My favourite famous person is Albert Einstein.He made great devote to the world .
,i prefer his sense of humor.in this unit,i learn more about Albert Einstein,he is not only a great man but also a man who had a sense of humor .He let the driver instead him to attend the lecture ,and When his driver was has a trouble by one question ,he is very clever that he told that man his drive can complete this question .and that two people meshed with each other smoothly .while they drive back .Einstein had a sense of humor to said that it's pleasure to be Hans driver.He is a great man.
Volunteering, for the definition from the dictionary: " to offer to do something without being forced to do.
As the saying goes" There are thousands Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
In my eyes, volunteering is a beacon of life.
Through it, I can strengthen myself and grow into a mature person.
I may go through the brutality of society through volunteering, however, the more I suffer, the stronger I am.
College student like me, is spoiled and unskilled.
Through it, I have to push myself to learn skills to help others.
Also, facing many kinds of people, some will be kind to me while others will scold me even for a small mistake.
Of course, I will be upset, but later on, I will realize the reality that no one has the responsibility to care about me except the people who love me.
I will be grateful to the people, furthermore, I need to be independent,for I have no one to rely on but myself when I am outside alone.
The process of volunteering of is hard but full of meaning, I will grow up, be a mature person, not the one clinging to parents anymore.
Volunteering, is full of challenge, but it provides me a chance to be stronger, a chance to grow up.
I want to study English for different reasons.Firstly,English is an international language,and we communicate with foreigners in English.Secondly,learning English can improve our ability,for example,if we learn English well can read foreign literature.Finally,English is a subject for our students which we must learn,because if we want to graduate from university successfully,we must pass the English examination.The above is the reason why I want to learn English.
Luce, my best friend, is a pretty girl.
She has big eyes and round face.
Her long hair is very beautiful.
Sweet smiles are often on her face, which makes her more lovely.
She is an easy-going girl, kind-hearted and is always ready to help others.
Luce is very clever.
She makes good use of time.
She is good at her school subjects.
During the university, she had won the school scholarship every year.
Between us, who have chosen each other, because we have similar points of view.
We have a lot in common.
We like sports, tasting the delicious food, watching movies and so on.
When we communicate with each other, I often feel relaxed and no pressure, we can work together for a long time, very closely, sharing great loyalty and warmth of feeling.
We are both girls and the same faith.
These make us closer than others.
I feel proud to have such a friend.
Today, many families have cars, but at the same time the accident become more and more.
To protect others and yourself, don't drive after drinking wine at fist.
Because you can't control yourself well.
Then don't drive tiredly, though you drink the energy drinks.
And don't try using phones when you are driving.
Last, when you find someone is crossing the streets, even children and old people, you must be slowly down.
In order to protect your and others safety, please drive carefully.
Faced with thirty-three cute children, I knew I had to start my English class.
"They are ready", the headmaster of the kindergarten said.
But I was too nervous to say a word, which caused the classroom a little bit quiet.
To break the silence, the principle introduced me briefly.
Later, I said "Good morning, boys and girls" with my voice trembling.
But they simply starred at me without replies.
"Do they dislike me", I thought, as if I was a poor guy who was brought to trial.
"Maybe I can give up," I said to myself.
But I knew I didn't mean that.
At that time, my heart beat uncontrollably and I could feel the heat rise to the back of my neck.
After being told that the children didn't know English at all, I released a lot.
On clearing my voice, I said hello to my class in Chinese.
To my surprise, they greeted me back warmly.
I gradually gained confidence and continued my class in the next few minutes peacefully.
Unexpectedly, a naughty girl said loudly that she wanted to pee.
During the seconds I was wondering whether it is allowed, nearly seven children also asked for permission.
Just in one minute, the class was filled with various noises and I was nearly driven to crazy.
On hearing my howling "Quiet".
All the children became well-behaved and were no longer daring to make any sounds.
Pretending to be strict, I cleared my voice and restarted to teach them the words "mom", "dad", "grandpa", "grandma" etc.
via a child song which I created.
Luckily, most of the children liked my song and remembered those English words quickly.
Draw pictures of apples, bananas, peaches on the blackboard.
Clap hands with them.And play games together.
At the end of the class, we learned the song "Jingle Bell", which filled the classroom with laughter and joy.
On hearing the bell's ring, we said goodbye to each other.
With the high speed of development in nowadays society, a vast ranges of jobs appeared.
That is why people's choices of vocation vary from person to person.
In my childhood, I had many imagines about my jobs.
I wanted to be a scientist.
I wanted to be a president.
I wanted to be a zoologist.
Only when I grew up did I understand the dream of president is impossible.
And after I chose to study arts, I gave up to be a scientist or a zoologist.
Now I want to be a writer or a scholar.
To be a good writer, I will read as many books as possible, travel around the world and study knowledge.
I will listen to my soul clearly and pick the way I am fond of.
But what the future is I have no idea still.
I get up at eight o'clock on Saturday.I have breakfast at half past eight.I do homework at nine o'clock after breakfast.At ten o'clock,I have a break at home and Iplay games with my brother.I have lunch at half past twelve.I read books at two o'clock in the afternoon.I go to bed at ten o'clock.
No one can deny that best friends are of great significance in our whole life.
A best friend, in my view, is someone with whom you're willing to experience everything, from the bottom of your heart.
On the one hand, best friends share your seemingly small joy, your honor and your achievement.
Best friends are someone who won't change through the process of time, to whom you can confide everything, of whose dispositions you know every nook and cranny.
Smile or laughter usually comes along with the thought of best friend.
Sometimes you take him or her for granted, just like fish gives no more thoughts to water, to such an extent that you're part of each other's mind, body and soul.
Think about the occasions where, not even a word, your best friend and you can get each other right.
On the other hand, best friends share your embarrassment, sorrow and grief.
No offense will be taken at all when the shouting, yelling, or even rudeness come up because we know well that behind all these is the love and considerations for each other.
Unlike acquaintances, best friend can actually feel what you're going through and give the tender advice to comfort you.
Best friends don't necessarily be peas and carrots all the time; minds can still interact despite of geographical barrier.
Under no circumstances will a best friend leave you, a crying baby, alone.
Undeniably, most people have bosom friends.
And needless to say, cute, kind, tender, etc, are among those beautiful words associated with best friends.
They are the angels that God has gifted us.
I am L,I saw an advertisement which want a kingdergarten teacher from the newspaper.I think this job is suitable for me.I graduated from the university recently,I am an outgoing boy when I studyed in the school.I can get alone with the kids easliy,because during studyed at school ,I usually went to the nursing home to look after the old people whoes familys did not have time to stay with them as a volunteer.I told many interesting storys to them,they were satisfied of my work.I know this work need kindness and patience, and of course patience is improtant for many jobs.I want to devote myself to do this thing as well as I can.
Please give me more information about this job,I hope I can recieve your reply recently.
The winter holiday is coming,in order to make his holiday Meaningful,he makes a winter timetable:Get up at half past eight every morning and have a healthy delicious breakfast.He does his homework carefully from nine to half past ten.And then he does exercise until half past eleven.he goes back home at twelve and have a delicious lunch.He has an English class or a computer class from one o'clock to three o'clock in the afternoon.And then he reads many kinds of interesting books until six.
And then he has a simple dinner at half past six.
From seven to eight,he searches for information on-line or watches TV programmes he likes.
He puts things away from half past eight to nine.
He goes to bed at half past nine.
The timetable is useful if he does this like this, he will make a great progress on his studies .
As a Child, I had a dream,.
I had hoped to travel around the world.
This dream became stronger after I made my way to college and I chose to learn how to teach Chinese as a foreign language.
I worked hard and soon I excelled in such courses as reading, composition, culture study and Chinese literature.
I was proud of myself and my teacher used to pat on my back,too.
I worked even harder and made greater progress, which soon qualified me for candidacy of going to Korea as an exchange student in 2012.
I studied in Seoul University for a year, sponsored by GXUST.
However, I was frustrated when I found myself tongue-tied when I met international students in Korea-I could not communicate with them well.
I often failed to make myself understood and they seemed to look puzzled to hear me speak.
More surprisingly, I made a fool of myself when I resorted to web-based English practice when I entered various English chatrooms.
Few people showed interest in talking with me while I "sat" or "stood by", wacthing people from all over the world talking happily for hours and hours in different "rooms".
I am not shy to open my mouth in front of others.
l am very talkative, on the contrary.
A cace in point was that, when I was invited to give a lecture on learning Chinese as a foreign language in Seoul, I talked so well in front of my audience that they sent me invitation for a seminar for their freshmen next year.
But my lecture was delivered in Chinese instead of English.
I am not interested in just travelling in Asian countries like Korea or Thailand or Indonesia.
I am loking forward to teaching Chinese in English-speaking countries like The US, The UK, Australia, Canada or some European countries.
But I don't mind working in certain African countries where English is spoken.
Thank you for your suggestion.
If you ask me who I love most,maybe I will tell you-my families.
My grandfather-a tumor doctor who is still at work now.He is more than 70.so,this is one of the reasons I admire him.When I was still a little girl,he always tell me some philosophy about life.It makes me become a person who have a good quality.so,I love my grandfather most.
My parents.my mother is a chemistry teacher and my father is a doctor,too.They are the person who love me most in this world.They are the only person who don't ask any repay when they give us the everything.so,they are also the person who I love the most.
The honest emotion in the world is the family affection.If you don't love your families most,I think you don't have the right to love anybody else.
Recently some banks stretch their business to university campus and propose credit cards to learners.
A lot of people worried that credit cards may harm to students, while others don't think so.
Depending on my personal experience, I prefer the latter point of view.
College students shall use a credit card, which is helpful for college students.
When it comes to college students use a credit card, we may look at it from every feasible angle, however, I would like to explore only three of the most essential ones in the following article.
An advantage of using a credit card is that it can reduce the cash to carry, and it can safeguard the personal safety.
Another advantage of using a credit card is that it can reduce the use of counterfeit notes, as a result, it will make them reduce personal losses.
There are third factors that deserve come words here that college students using a credit card, which is beneficial to raise awareness of college student's personal credit card, and exercise it's financial ability to provide a good channel.
What's more, use a credit card would have swept the world, and college students are adults, mind has grown up, to use the credit card shall have certain self-control.
Taking into account all these factors mentioned, we may reach the conclusion that academy students shall use a credit card.
Today,the pace of life is increasing with the technological advancements.We prefer quick-fix to solve problems.
As we open the eyes in the morning,we must do things quickly,or we couldn't get them done on time.We are busy working and don't have time to eat meals made by ourselves.We would go to restaurant to eat fast food or buy some convenience food in the supermarket.We dislike waiting,so we take medicine instead of traditional Chinese herbs.Our life become more and more mechanical and we feel much pressure than before since we live a fast-paced life.
On the contrary,I think the slow-paced lifestyle is better.Endeavor to put brakes on the quick-fix lifestyle,and you may feel relaxed.You can do TaiChi,practice yoga or jog in the morning.You can also cook for yourself in the spare time or go to a trip in order to relax yourself.
In a word,existing on the earth,we must learn how to live.We work to live,that is,we need to work to make money,but we needn't to work all the time so that we even have no time to eat,to play.What we need most is enjoying our life.So,please slow down your pace,and you may find the advantages of slow-fix lifestyle,then you must gain something unexpected.
There are two major reasons concerning this problem.
[Social reasons] have/has usually been the most responsible.
As a case in point, the government has not done its job accordingly.
[Personal reasons], on the other hand, can also be a very important factor, even a decisive one.
Most people were not quite clear/conscious of the potential result/consequence of this problem.
There can be various ways to solve this problem, two of which are of greatest possibility/practicality.
To start with, the local government/authority should take more effective measures to help solve this problem.
Besides, everybody has the responsibility to take this matter seriously and offer his help accordingly.
Thus, everything will change for the better.
The evolution of a modern economy.Online shopping is becoming a kind of style now.
Nowadays,more and more person like shopping on the Internet.Online shopping is soaring fashionable.Students like shopping on the Internet because there are many pretty clothes that is cheaper than stores.Students have no a little of pocket money,online shopping can meet students need.So students like shopping on the Internet.The aged also like online shopping,they sometimes have physically problem,so online shopping is convenient.All of these are the reasons why we like online shopping.
However,each coin has two sides.So not all of the commodities are good quality,sometimes it has different colours.
How can we harness the benefits while avoiding the disadvantage?I think we should look the shopkeepers credit and the buyers evaluate,and compare with the others store.Choose the best one and purchase it.Online shopping is changing our life.
Temptation always make people commit a crime.
Many people in order to earn their livings don't think anything about their act and consequence.
Obviously, don't press it.
But if press the button can earn fifty thousand dollars, some people will ignore others, because they think even they do this and launch a missile, drop bombs or produce milk with poisonous, they won't be affected.
It's wrong.
There are a lot of laws in the country, if people don't care about conduct, they will regret their bad action one day.
Something one has received without expense is impossible.
Only when temptation under a boycott can crime take away from you.
There are many things to do, look after our parents, teach children, go to work, take exercise and so on.
We can have our whole heart in these things, we don't need to "press the button" and have to be responsible for the consequence.
These days, the idea of we some student don't pay great attention to spelling in our English lesson has been common.
The answer is obvious.
Spelling problems is a tremendous problems facing us students.
On the one hand, with the computer, networking and information technology development, we use computer instead of a handwritten.
And no mistake, computer is faster and batter.
On the other hand, we depend so much on computer that we become lazier and lazier.
"This quote is about self-control which means the greatest enemy in the world is yourself.
Usually what wait in the path to success is our laziness and inert rather than external factor.
Maybe there are some other reasons to show this change.
But it is generally believed that the above mentioned reasons are commonly convincing..
In my opinion, it would be much better to spend our time on spelling lesson every week.
For I can do what I support, such as practicing and memorizing.
and more difficult.
Even more famous brand college students can not get a job.
All the graduates are thinking what's kind of work they should do and how to find a job.
People are preparing for the future such as one' deceased father grind, apart time job that can develop themselves.
Moreover, people take part in all kinds of community, lectures to improve their ability.
As far as l am concerned, as a sophomore, what can l do is to study well.
Besides, l am a pharmaceutical professional student and lf l have the opportunity to do something l would choose to pharmacy part-time.
What the most important is that gives myself a goal that can make me happy to solve any problems.
I believe in this way that does enough work can improve myself can l have a job in future.
Recently,I make a survey about the middle school students in grade two that what they want to speak out most.Here are the results,the suggestion that they give to the headmaster is to create a beautiful environment.The more beautiful thing they can see,the better they will do.And then,they should organize more after school activities so that students will be relaxed after finish too much homework.Finally,school should let students speak their real thoughts.
To teachers:teachers should give more time for students to think by themselves.And the most important is don't be too strict in class.
The final wave is to parents.Parents are the light in our life.When we get into trouble,parents should give us suggestions and let us get over it independence.And they should understand us more.
As we all know,everyone has his own life.What defines life excellent or terrible is up to individual attitude.So from my point of view,I absolutely believe that life is the greatest teacher.There are some views as follows.
In the first place,life can guide us to live better.Once we have goals in the life,we will stick to it all the time.And then what is prospected appears and moves forwards.Next,one day when we look back,we will realize that we learn a lot.That is to say,while we are neglecting our health,time with our family,we are receiving that enjoying the beauty and pleasures of life is more important.
Eventually,we can easily reach the conclusion that life is the greatest teacher who teaches us that happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life.There is no doubt that we need to take it easy,do what we want to do and appreciate nature.
Nowadays,the issue of whether or not experience is superior to learning has been brought into public focus.
People rarely reach an absolute consensus on such a controversial issue.
Recently,there is a point of view that experience without learning is better than learning without experience let me think deeply.I think what they said is reasonable.Marks is temporary,but abilities are lifelong,when you set in the society,what's more above all is abilities.
I am on this side as the old saying goes that experience is the best teacher.
Marks depends on your abilities, and all of your marks just proof your abilities,so abilities is the ultimate object.Holds the high abilities you can integrate into society and adapt to competition better.
By the time gose by,car has become an important part in our daily life.Though it's convinent,it also cause many car accident.It's not what we want.So it's necessary for us to face the problem and drive safely.
So,in many countary,just like China,in order to make our traffic safely,has printsman law to engage peopleBut ,in fact,law is not a good way,unless everyone realize what is duty,what is real life,drunken driving can become less and less,our life can become much more safe and convinent.
I hope car can become a real assistant.but not a killer.So,everyone,please try our best to make our life better.
The passage mainly deals with the "physician's dilemma"-what is 'appropriate and ethical 'care when nursing patients which on the premise of lower budget accounts for GDP and better nursing patients in hospital.
Then "Physician Charter" was draft aimed at pressing doctors to "medical professionalism in the new millennium, especially "primacy of patient welfare", the passage ranks two main reasons to explain the phenomenon.
Firstly, the expensive technologies were abused.
The appropriate use of advanced technologies contributes to the decreasing of the mortality and morbidity.
In contrast, a malpractice suit would happen.
Additionally, the bills for many surgical practices run to high expense.
Secondly, medical insurance's widely spreading rapidly medical expense shouldered by the third party that many patients tend to use advanced technologies and expensive drugs while developed diseases.
Finally, the passage drew a conclusion that doctor and patients should in the same boat when taking medical responsibility and better interventions should be offered to a defined population in fixed annual.
When I was only 12 years old I met Linda for the first time.Gradually,we became the best friends.She is an apple-faced plumply girl,has bright eyes,white skin and short hair,prefers to wear simply T-shirt and jeans.
The first day we came to middle school wearing the school uniform,we were introducing ourselves to new classmates.I said hello to her passionately,but she replied coldly.So over a long period,I had regarded Linda as a person who is difficult to get along with.Year passed,we went to school together by bicycle,got close with each other.Till that tme,I found that she is an open-hearted but also sensitive girl.Because of the"open-hearted".we keep no secrets from each other,but quarrel occasionally as well.But we try our best to adapt and understand each other and keep the friendship finally.
The thing I admire her most was that this year her mother unfortunately died because of the cancer,I was very worried about her mental state.But after a few days,she picked herself up and determinated to study harder than before and lead a positive life from that on to make her mother delighted.
Five years passed,we grew up together.I will cherish this friendship,cherish Linda,the important person in my life.
Tourism is an essential element in our society.
Nowadays, with the high development of tourism, people have different opinions on it.
Whether we should limit the development of tourism also becomes one of the cases which people dispute most.
The development of tourism can improve the development of economy.
Because of the development of tourism, some related trades also get development quickly.
And people can live more happiness.
Therefore, stress the tourism is very important.
However, with the increasing of the tourists, the cultural relics and historic sites are destroyed more and more serious.
To this issue, we have to think it again.
With the problem, many people think we should limit the development of tourism.
In my opinion, we shouldn't the development of tourism, because tourism is especially necessary in our social life.
As for the problem of tourism, we can limit the number of the tourists every day and advocate everyone to protect the cultural relics.
My favouriter animal is tortoise.
Tortoise walk not fast.
But I like the tortoise.
Because, tortoise is a cute animal.
It have a short tail and a four short foot.
It have a little head and a hard shell.
They are forty-five little and cute tortoise in My home.
They like to play in the water.
When they afraid some thing.
They wall run fast.
They like to eat the fish.
I often buy some small fish to them to eat.
They can catch the fish fast.
First, they fake sleeping.
When the fish swim near they mouth.
They catch the fish fast and bit the fish head.
So,The fish die.
They can eat the fish.
In winter.
They like to sleep in the sand.
When they sleep, they don't eat any food.Because they wall hibernation.
But, when they are thirsty.
The come out of the sand.
So, we must give water to them to drink.
i love the tortoise.
I hate the eagle.
Because, the eagle often eat the tortoise with sharp mouth.My favourite animal is tortoise.
Today, our cities are facing more and more serious environmental pollution, our homes already do not see the blue sky and white clouds, green water has become a sewage.
In my opinion, to change our environment, we must reduce emissions,and reduce the use of cars.
With the development of the times, every family has a car, and the pollution of the environment of private car is great.
First of all, is the main disadvantage of automobile exhaust pollution to the environment, and secondly, a serious form of cars on the environment pollution is noise.
The engine roar, tens of thousands of car wheel driving and the sound of the horn screams can confuse people quiet living environment, make people irritability, mental stimulation.
Finally, the waste water produced by cars on the environment caused by pollution, but also can not be underestimated.
In the production of automobile, need a lot of water, but also emit large amounts of sewage; in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, and produces a large amount of waste water, according to statistics, severely damaged the ecological environment, the fish and water creatures can't survive, human drinking water contamination threat.
Protect environment, begin from me, reducing private car travel to reduce carbon emissions.
One day I was walking on the street.
Suddenly , I saw a mysterious light crossed the sky.
then the light disappear into the B school.
I find some maps, and the maps leaded to me to the right way and I followed.
Then a saw an alian in B school.
It looked strange.
In dym's version, he said it was the king of beach.
It had mamy weaphons in it hands.
I buought my gun and use a bullet to kill it.
The alian died.
Hello, everyone, please allow me to introduce myself with a minute let you know me, know me and accept me.
I come from GuangShui,WujiaCheng, 20-year-old, my hometown Qilu earth gave me a straightforward character, and yet steady, and later the city of Nanjing travel long distances to school.
Zaikuzailei, I am willing to try, "eat life of hardship, Fang Wei Ren Exalted", in later school life, I will definitely be one to make their own efforts, but had a substantial significance of post-secondary life.
Thank you very much for your letter and the in-closed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
As we know,different countries have different cultures.And with the development of the society, more and more people will travel around to see different scenery and relax themselves.So there are more communications between countries.And in order to avoid embarrassment between countries,people should have a better solution to the problem of culture conflict.And I think the effective way is following local custom.
So I don't agree with the author's point of view.
First of all,as economic globalization goes deeper,countries all over the world are getting closer and closer.
So countries all over the world should seek common points while reserving difference.
And as this is true of the politics and economy,so it is true of the culture.And conflict means difference.
In order to make the world become more and more colorful,we should keep the "little difference".So when you are traveling around,you should follow the local custom as possible as you can.Second,follow the local custom can help you understand the different cultures better.This is also the purpose of most people for travel to another country.Last but not least,it is important for us to respect different cultures.
In short,we should respect and protect the different cultures.And as a civilized traveler,we should search some information of the country to avoid embarrassment.
You should talk with her after school,and learn why she often gets angry with you about some small things.
Second,you are neighbors,maybe you can play with her together at weekend.and you can try to learn about her.
Then,you can talk with your teacher what you think,maybe your teacher can provide you some perfect ways to save it.
Last,your friendship may be better by after-school activities or patties.
So you should take part in this when you are free.
If you can do as this advice, I believe you can get along with her.
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen ,I am the genreal manager of our company ,I am very glad here to tell you something about our background information.
Our company Doris ,which was founded in 1997,as a pioneer at that time ,really have done achievements that others not easily beyond in this field .
Under the era background of the open-policy ,we opend the first barbershop at this place where attrtacts large numbers of people to try new things they curious want to .We also invent lots of new hair-style which gains many customers that brings the future of our company .
Because of the good attitude towards the feedbacks comes from our customers ,we have won a commercial goodwill .
Now ,welcome my partner to tell you more information about our company in detials ,hopely you wiil find specifics that useful for our future collaboration.
My favourite place at school is the reading room .because it's very big and bright.There are also a lot of useful books.newspapers and magazines there.I like reading booksand magazines there beacuse They not only provide me with much knowledge.but also help me learn a lot about what is happening around the world.sometimes I even feel Ican have a take with the people in the books.Icanalso relax myself in the reading room.when Ifeel tired and unhappy.the reading room is the best place to go to.Reading helps me forget all my troubles to a word.reading room is the place I like best.
In my opinion can make university life meaningful way to have a lot of, due to a word is to read more books, more to participate in activities.
I think we should pursue knowledge, friendship and love in college.And we should prepare for work.
This knowledge includes professional knowledge and general knowledge.During the University, we should not only obtain professional knowledge but also to obtain general knowledge.
The so-called pursuit of friendship is to make more friends.
And it's good to make a girlfriend in college.We are young,so we should have a vigorous love.
I think the time of the university not should be wasted.
For many collage students dormitory life is the new.It likes Family life,someone lives together.
There is an increasing interest in dormitory life.It is different form live with parents,everything needs yourself or your friends.
Some people think dormitory life is very well and you must take care of your money beaus money spend very quickly.
Then you maybe know parents are hard and you will save money.
However other people stand on a different ground.They think dormitory life is very tired.You must have a good habit.You must adapt to the collective lifted Each person's personality is not the same you must tolerate.
There is some truth in both arguments.But I think dormitory life is good.
That is true.
However.
people's opinion vary greatly from person to person.
As for me, life teaches me to be independent.
To make it clear, my college life may serve as a good illustration.
I lived at home and depended on my parents from Junior school to high school.
I hid under my parents shelters all the time.
As soon as I met difficults I turned to my parents for help.
I did not realize the serious of my dependence until I studied at college.
To start with, I was not capable of taking good care of myself.
What's more, I felt so homesick that I had difficult in focusing my attention on studying.
Beyond question, there are signs of being dependent.
I knew that I was no longer a kid, I should be responsible for myself.
Living away from parents, I learnt to care about myself little by little.
Now, I am independent young adult, I can make decisions by myself, and I do not call back my home a million times a day.
It is life that teaches me to be independent and how to response to myself.
Life is the greatest teacher.
I believe everyone can learn something that are benefit for us from the life.
The old adage, Children are the flowers of our motherland.
Teachers are often compared to diligent gardeners.
I suppose that the teacher is very essential for the students,because without endless watering, these fields will quickly revert to desert.
In our study,teachers is always paid without reserve and impart knowledge to us.
I think we should have the greatest respect for our teachers .
Sometimes although we can not receive the knowledge absolutely.
At the same time ,we should know that a good teachers focuses on the cultivation of students' autonomous learning capability.
In our life, teachers is always told us what is wrong and what is right.They not only take good care of us like our'parents but also communication with us.They always know about how we think and what we need.
So we should have a heart of gratitude for our teachers.
As we say, we maintained a close connection with our teachers.
I hope we will be able to maintain this good relationship and make next year another great one together.
Nowadays,education has become every country's most significant problem in this society.But what the education contents,indeed worthy of our attention.
For a university,the students' learning ability is truly crucial.At the same time,the moral education is an essential aspect.As a student,learning is not all.We should develop a more comprehensive and do an equally good in character.So school education in addition to the training of students' learning ability,but also should pay attention to such as filial piety,honesty and cultivation.Only a man of noble character can let all people respect.While at work,often such people will gain more favor.Of course,not to say the ability is not important.It is important surly,but in my view,moral education is as important as the ability.
So I hope the school can develop,paying more attention to moral.Let us become one of the countries,the talented person for the society.
As the mobile phone is becoming more and more widely used, the cell phone's ills are increasingly exposed in front of us, but the most important thing that can not be ignored is that: the distance between us is more and more alienated.
Mobile communication is a single one, and our human feelings are rich.For example,at dinner time only to play phone.Lacking of communication.Each other's feelings will fade.So at dinner time we should cherish each other along time.
Finally, the impact of the mobile phone is bad for people and people, in the ordinary we should play less mobile phone more communication.Cherish time, cherish each other's friendship.
Overcrowding in cities includes heavy traffic and crowded.The unreasonable traffic structure is the cause of urban heavy traffic.All kinds of traffic tools are not balanced.
Car more and rood less is the another reason.To solve this current situation,inprove road network structure is the key.We should make full use of existing road and develope the traffic operation conditions.
The people crowed is the other overcrowding in cities.Cities are attractive and colorful.It have good education.So many people come to cities to catch superior education.It is so many opportunities to make money that many people leave home to big city.To solve this situation ,i think government should realize the education fair.Send more good educator to teaching in the countryside.Goverment should set up more factories ,increase more employment opportunities in the contryside.The imnportant thing is that government must invest more funds.
In recent years, many cities in China have suffered hazy weather.
The sky is not blue and the air is not fresh now.
People often complain about the hazy weather on the Internet.
As we all know, because of the development of industry the air become polluted.
And the heavy traffic jams also cause the hazy weather.
The hazy weather which had a great effect on people's life and health.
For example, hazy weather comes out a lot of fog which can block traffic.
People can't go out by car in hazy weather.
And the traffic will become more crowded in the hazy weather.
What's more, people can't breathe fresh air in hazy weather.
The air in hazy weather is deleterious.
There is no doubt that we should take some measures to settle this problem as soon as possible.
First of all, we should go to work or school by public traffic such as bus and subway.
And we suggest people go out by bike.
Second we should plant more trees.
In the end, we should reduce outdoor sports and close our windows in hazy weather.
If we try our best to protect the air environment, I believe our air will become fresh again in the future.
My favourite anima is grey and big.
It has two small eyes, one big month and sharp teeth.
It has four shorts legs and long tile.
It can swim, it eats fish ang meat, it lives in the water and sometime on the land.
In the era of globalization,which calls for plenty of miscellaneous person.Therefore,our undergraduates need to be confident enough to learn more skills so as to get accustomed to society early.So we must attach much importance to how to develop self-confidence,which was deemed as the hottest questions among all the colleges.From my point of view, self-confidence ,upon which human beings developed,we just cannot disregard the significance of that.
To start with,you must believe yourself,which as the foundation of individuals growth as well as our society thrives,has far-reaching influences to our personal development.There are lots of reports about juvenile delinquencies,which just has become as common as flies in our daily life.I think this all can be attributed to our adolescences lack of self-confidence ,they are not confident,even self-abased.If they can be confident enough to open their closed inner world,they would not be able to embark on the criminal road.It is essential for us to be confident for you are the only one in this world,just like old saying goes"a man of great talent will surely be given important assignment".
Secondly,absorbing knowledge,which assumes equal importance of that of belief.I would be hard-pressed to imagine that how a man can be confident enough if he doesn't have much knowledge or personal skills.
If you are professional or skilled,for example,surely you will be superior to other people.So self-confidence plays an crucial role in humans life whose success relies on individual knowledge.
In conclusion,self-confidence is indispensable for individuals which depend personal belief,knowledge as well as consciousness.Only when every human being become conscious of that can we have a promising future!
With the popularity of the Internet, there seems to be a trend that the traditional reading is being replaced by online reading among people, especially among students.
I tink the trditional reading is good at eye dut you spent money .sometime traditional reading is very comfortable suce as read book wite drink a cup of tea in the afternoon.
he or she is innocent.
The first, when we find someone do something illegally,we will search the evidences .Then we charge him or her on court.At last lawers debate each other.Finally the foreman annonces someone is guilty.we can say someone is guilty.
The second,if we can not find the evidences to prove someone is guilty,we couldnot say he or she is guity.Or we couldbe illegal.we onlycan say he or she is innocent.
So I believe without evidences I am innocent.
My hero is Liu Xiang,he is a track and field player.
He broke the world record 13 years.
Liu xiang is China's national in the history of the first hat-trick of track and field player.
Liu Xiang started training,he was encouraged at first to train for the high jump.
In2001,Liu Xiang won his first international 100m hurdles race in Japan.
In 2004,he won the first Olympic gold medal for China in the 110m hurdles race.
Liu Xiang is still a symbol of courage and success,and we continue to take gret pride in him.
So I must learned him.
Xian Xinghai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music who is famous for the song"The Yellow River".He composed it in 1939.The great composer was born in Macao,China,1905.Later he studied in Paris to learn to write music.He used to create a lot of amazing pieces of traditional Chinese music and became very famous.He was called the"People's Musician",however,it's a pity that he passed away when he was only 40 years old in 1945.But his songs are still popular today especially with old people.We Chinese are all proud of him!
As we can see from the picture,everyone is focus their attention on the cellphone while put the dishes aside and don't say anything to others but entertain themselves.They don't talk to those who face to them but chat with their 'friends' on the internet.This is an embarrassing scence that we can easily meet in our daily life.
This picture dose reflects a thought-provoking social phenomenon.Nowadays smartphone as a portable device that changed the way we live and work and study is more and more popular with us and cannot be separated.However we are too dependent on it that using smartphone at every moment so that we can see 'Smartphone addicts' everywhere.
Indeed,smartphone brings us so much convenience in our life.For example, it's narrowing the distance between people in terms of space,and we can solve some problems through the Internet on smartphone.As the time of spent on using smartphone is on the rise,face-to-face communication has decrease rapidly,it can do a lot of damage to interpersonal relationships.In order to prevent such embarrassing scence typified in the picture,we should use our cellphone in a suitable way and a right time,we should put it down when we chatting face-to-face,we must interact with others actively in social activities.In this way can we create a healthy environment for communication.
As the saying goes,the strong will is important guarantee to succeed.Chichester single-handed sailing round the world,but we know he had lung cancer and his age already 58,if he haven't a strong will,he will can't have a positive attitude to face odds.
The man have firmly will can achieve the great mission.As we know,the contemporary of Yang Liwei,have made hundreds of millions of people praise reputation,because he has a firmly will,so that he achieve his great mission.
The students also like this,if haven't hard study,they never become a competent man in the end.No matter what you do,if haven't a strong will,true faith,we will feel fear and lose heart,and how can we reach succeed?Therefore,each person must have a strong will,it will take us to succeed.
It is universally acknowledged that reading could help to form excellent habit and to understand the meaning of life.
As long as one insists on reading daily, it is prevailing that one could obtain certain amount of knowledge gradually, which might result in spiritual satisfaction as what had been expected previously.
There are four aspects illustrating the value of reading in the following parts.
First of all, reading good books can greatly increase knowledge and significantly improve ability.
As a number of ancients sayings say, reading can dramatically broaden the horizon and enhance the ability to solve numerous problems that are confronted with.
The truly meaning of reading will be discovered and realized exactly after reading, which could make some common senses understood, such as "to improve the ability of analyzing and resolving problems".
Different people will hold different standpoints to the meaning of reading, which might lead to different approaches and comprehension.
Only in the way of reading enormous ancient and modern books could one enhance comprehension of the world, analyze complicated problems, and use the scientific theories and methods to solve the issues.
Furthermore, reading could help to cultivate one's taste and edify sentiment.
At the moment of reading, one's heart is full and satisfied.
Reading could increase one's confidence.
Reading can make one distinguish from ignorance to awareness, which definitely makes one more rational.
It won't be interfered by multifarious things and feeling of gain and loss.
Through the reading experience, it is easy to obtain elegant affect, which includes inner anxiety, fear, loneliness, sadness, leisurely relief detachment, indifferent to quiet and easy state of psychological harmony.
In addition, it could gain more inspiration through widespread reading.
The more one reads, the stronger one's ability of using words could be, which is beneficial to express what one's thought smoothly.
It requests to use more wonderful words and life philosophy in the books so as to increase the literary grace and readability of the article.
In today's business environment, more and more persons go to work wearing a suit.
But there are a lot of people doesn't like wearing it.
They think it is not convenient to do things, is too bound.
But in my opinion, I think formal dressing can give you authority.
