A famous city called Geneva is also here , which is known for the Geneva Agreement.
It is next to Austra, France, Italy and Germany.
It is the beautiful sightseeing that attracts me.
The water fallls from the mountains and the flowers come out on the ground.
Taking a walk on the walkside, feeling the gental wind which send me joy and peace, I can not help falling in love with the country.
On the other hand, it has great food, chemistry and watch industries.
In my opinion, Switlzerland is a perfect country and it is also my dreaming destination.
I'm L.I plan to accompany old people in the Double Ninth Festival with classmates,at weekends.We prepared many wonderful exercises the old people like.If we were to sing and song, they would happy.And in the afternoon,we will make dumpling for old people.In conclusion,that's the first time that we have gone to the nursing house.So I want to invite you to join us,as give us better guide.
would you like?Time on Saturday,8:00am to 4:00pm.Looking forward to your reply.
The life which is lack of love is miserable.Fortunately,I lead a pleasant life which is filled with love.I understand that my mother loves me deeply after I see she cook nice food every day to keep me healthy.She always thinks of me more than herself.I am moved by my mother's love .In order to show my love which is from the bottom of my heart,I try to satisfy her with my high marks .As soon as I notice her lying in bed with pale look ,I know she is ill.Immediately,I bring pills and water to her anxiously .I believe ,she knows I love her.Maybe someone often say there is no love in their life.But I want to say ,actually ,love is just around ourselves.
First of all I think a good teacher need to teaching lessons clearly.
To make student understand.
Second I think a good teacher love to talk with students and like to give students a lot of tests.
In my opinion a good teacher is amusing and interesting, good teacher have many fun way to make us like the lesson.
The good teacher well always try best to be one of us.
Third good teacher should be kind and patient when we make some mistake.
Finally good teacher often can teaching student get good marks.
This is what is a good teacher in my memory how about your think.
It's well known to all that interest plays an important role in one's life.
I quite agree with this idea.
I began to be crazy about English when I was a little girl.
I got interested in foreign cultures and customs in particular.
To meet my curiosity, I read English stories everyday.
It seems to be the best "meal" of a day.
As a result, I make great progress in English learning.
Interest is the key to success.
A person who is interested in something will devote himself to it.
Meanwhile, a big miracle will be made.
I think everyone should have his own interests.I hope you wii do so.
Nowadays,the problem that the students pay less attention to spelling in english learning is concerned in public.The existence of the problem can be attributed the following main reasons.
For one thing that the students are very lazy.They don't want to write everything even the test.For another some students pay more attention to reading and listening.However,they ignore writing.writing is also a significant way in english learning.Moreover,the age of information has improved in this society.Computer is very flexible and automatic.It doesn't need us to write.It can be modify in automatic way.It's very convenient.
Various measures should be taken to handle the problem.For instance,we can encourage them when they don't want to write or they are lazy.Spelling is also important for english learning,If we have mistakes in spelling,we are wasting of time.we spell words equal to we remember it again.Because of all the above reasons and solutions,i think students should pay more attention to spelling.
Keep your heart healthy and reduce your heart attack risk with these simple tips.
First of all, take exercise regularly, such as walking 30 minutes every day or other things.
Regular exercise can help you increase your HDL number, cut back on belly fat and get the blood pressure down.
A company by a friend may contribute to your plan.
Next, have a healthier diet.
A low-salt diet may do favor to decrease you blood pressure.
Nuts raise HDL good cholesterol and inhibitor inflammation because of abundant omega-3 fatty acids, healthy protein and fiber.
Eating less than 20 grams of saturated fat and as little trans fat as possible would protect your arteries from inflammation.
Place high attention on the ingredients of food and throw out all food that is rich in sugar.
Intake as much fruit and vegetables as you can and make sure you wash you fresh produce carefully and thoroughly.
And any kind of alcohol in moderation would benefit your arteries.
By the way, pay attention to your oral hygiene for your oral health affects all your arterial health.
Moreover, be concern about your blood pressure, HDL number and other health indicators.
Keep your blood pressure down to 115/75.
Raise the HDL number up to 50.
If you can follow most of what mentioned above and don't smoke, you'll reduce the chance of having a heart attack by at least 90 percent compared to a typical person of your age.
Recently, a hot debate has attracted a lot of attention and social discussion that whether famous Chinese historical sites of interests should charge higher fees during the peak travel seasons or not.
In my point of view, although there are advantages for charging higher fees, such as separate the sum of travelers into pieces and have some benefit on protecting environment, there is no need for Chinese historical interests to charge higher during peak travel season.
At first, the amount of cities and towns which live on the tourism income is not minority.
If these historical cites higher the charge, the number of tourists must decrease, which leads to the lessen of income.
Residents may have neither no enough money to keep the recent living standard, nor enough fund to develop their cities and towns.
The low charge of interests can not only attract more tourists and drive the development of relative industries, such as catering and transportation, but also disseminate the local scenery and local culture.
Then, what is more meaningful of historical sites is the educational significance.
The principle parts of tourists during peak travel seasons are consisted of students and office workers who do not own much money.
Their majority of time is used on study and work for our country's future and development, thus, they rarely have leisure time to enjoy themselves.
The Golden Weeks must be one of peak travel seasons.
If the historical sites charge higher, where should our country's pillar who may be not able to afford the fees go for travel and learn from the nature and history.
After all, there is an old saying goes that all work and no play make Jake a dull boy.
In addition, I cannot help asking a question that do the splendid land of our country belong to the people.
In lots of foreign countries and even in Taiwan, a great quantity of historical interests is free of charge, even during peak travel seasons.
They believe that the historical interests are originated from Mother Nature and great ancestors.
They should not be charged.
I cannot agree more.
Historical sites of interests are the wealth of all people.
They belong to our nation.
Considering our country's current condition, it is understandable to charge a sum of money stimulate the economy.
However, it is no need to charge higher during peak travel seasons.
To sum up, I believe that it is no need for Chinese historical sites of interests to charge higher fees during peak travel seasons.
First, tourism is not only the main industry of some cities and towns, but also the motion of the development of relative industries.
Secondly, historical sites of interests have more meaningful educational significance for all people to learn, which cannot be judged from the perspective of money.
The most essential is that the historical sites of interests are originated from nature and ancestors.
They are the wealth of all people.
They should not be charged higher.
There must be measures to solve the disadvantages of this decision, and I believe Chinese tourism will have a brighter future.
In colleges,now there are dormitories where four people,six people or eight students can live.
There is no doubt that living with roommates is reasonable.First,the college students should learn to communicate with others well.So talking with roommates is the foundation.For example,it is cool for you to surf the Internet with your roommates until the lights are turned off.Also,when you are in trouble in the study or in life,your roommates may help you to overcome difficulties.For all the benefits,it has some disadvantages that you may have less privacy.
However,some students consider everyone should live in only one room.For it is living alone that will enable people to do what they really intend to do.Of course, like anything else,it has its errors.In this way, students may feel desolate.Students who do not have ability to control themselves may do some extreme things which others can not put up with.
In my opinion,college students should live with roommates.For the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages.College students must live in the society instead of only studying.So living with others is the start.
In my understanding, an ideal college life is very interesting and meaningful.
When I came to the university , my mood very excited, for 12 years cold window study hard has finally paid off .
Suddenly produce a thought in my heart, how do I live my college life.
Then I will make a plan .
College,it's not so easy ,I think we need to spend a lot of time and energy to adapt to live independently ,learn how to get along well with classmates during adolescence, learn how to play and so on.
I hope I can be with a heart full of love and desire to finish my college life.
For the study I want to learn to complete my good grades students dream.
For after school life , I will take an active part in activities organized by the school club activities, improve my various aspects ability.How with teacher .senior ,and classmates draw nutrition from communication.
Finally I hope I will have a better tomorrow.
General manager: I am David Wang and I held the position of Sales Manager.
I joined the United States of America New York electronic products fair and continued one week.
At the beginning of it, our company set up three exhibitions booth and customers are satisfied with our products.
In addition, there are five companies of the United States of America have signed a contract of sales with us.
So that, I think that our products must have a positive development prospect in the United States of America markets.
However, our client hope that we can offer high quality after-sale service.
Then, we should give full consideration to the views of customers.
As much as possible provide customers to the convenience.
To sum up, I believe that via our efforts our company will be better and better.
I am Z,the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.I'm writing to invite you to give a lecture about how to improve the level of English writing.
Nowadays,English writing becomes more and more important in examinations.Topics of English writing are more difficult for students to design the content.According to three English examinations taken recently,we found some problems among English writings by our students.A leading problem is grammar mistake.Most of students lost mark on this.What's more,wrong spelling of words is also very serious.
I know that you are the expert in this field.So I sincerely invite you to teach our students in terms of solving the writing problems.The lecture will be given at nine o'clock next Wednesday.
I'm looking forward to receiving your reply.
Nowadays,with the development of the economy,more and more people can live in a rich life.And many parents would like their children to have a better education so that they will have a good job in the future.They think the education of overseas is better than that of China's,so they prefer to send their children to study abroad rather than let them study in China.The question is coming.Does it benefit for children to study abroad?
I'm sure there are many different kinds of answers.On the one hand,many people think it's good.First,for example,many people send their children to study in the U.S.The ways of getting knowledge in the U.S have a great difference from that in China.Compared with China,the American schools give students the room of imagine and pracitice to let them have the creativity of study.Secondly,they can open their eyes and broden their views by studying abroad.As we all know,different countries have their own local culture.By studying abroad,they can get more knowledge that we can't get in China.And we can also learn the second language such as the local English.I think it's helpful for children to get a job in the future.On the other hand,some people don't think it's good for children to study abroad.Many parents love their children very much and they wouldn't like to leave their children to study alone.Everyone is stranger and they must try their best to adapt to the new school earlier.It's bevelied that the children who are sent to study abroad fell lonely when the holidays come and they'll miss their family more often.Maybe they'll get a loss at first.
Everything has two hands.But as far as I am concerned,I think it's good for childern to study abroad.There are many advantages.Facing different challenges,I think it's a good exercise for us.Studying abroad is a good experience in one's life.And we can get more knowledge,learn more different cultures among different countries and make more friends.We should open our eyes to the world.
We are born until the end of life is.Our learning method is not the same because our culture is different.We find a way to learn to master the knowledge that we have to learn for our way.
All in all,to help me learn my pictures is an easy-to-remember, so I like to see some of my knowledge about the picture I have much the way to learn my lesson.However,for math I remember much the way than to do some new test,in this way I can do the question very easy.
My way to study English is not the same math.I remember some new word before teacher tell us to do.I think the word is the basis of learning English only remember the word we can to learn the grammar and understand articles talking about meaning.Of course, understand others speak English is an important skill.It is my favorite way to study that see some of the films and songs who speak English.
Because I think the way is relaxing and I can better remember knowledge than the other ways.I wish I can find ways to study that can improve my achievement.
in English class.
There were two views in this discussion.
Close to 40%students thought should keep animals in zoos,they deemed to do this in order to see a variety of animals all the time and most of them can be taken care of well.
Up to 60% students disagreed with keeping animals in zoos.
Animals will suffer from losing free because they may be locked up in the cage.
In addition,animals prefer living in the wild to staying in the cage.
I think animals should be put back the wild.People shouldn't kill the animals for their fur or meat.We must ask the people not to damage the forest because it is most of animals' home.
It is very important for us to protect the animals.
There is a boom in using e-books with the rapid development of advanced technology ,which causes an increasing number of people to engage in it.
Not only do the quality of e-books become good and reliable, but also their price is not as expensive as it in the past.
Thus, some people think e-books will be a necessary in future.
And I hold the opposite.
Though, there do some advantages.
To begin with, it is a revolution in the development of books.
Considering that it uses a lot of advanced technology, e-books are superior to books made of papers in preservation.reading and spreading.
Moreover, e-books have much more space than books made of papers to contain massive information.
Finally, it is beneficial to protect the environment.
No waste, no pollution and no stress of transporting.
The reasons why I hold e-books won't be a necessary in the future can be listed as follows.
Firstly, the habit of reading books made from papers exist thousands of years and is not easy to change.
Books made of papers will be the domination in the long time.
Secondly, reading e-books need us to surf the Internet and face the computer.
As a result, radiation will do harm to us, especially for our skin.
Last but not the least, e-books don't possess the function of housing.
On the contrary, books made of paper do.
As far as I'm concerned, e-books won't replace books made of paper.
In fact, whatever it is, we ought to look forward to receiving this revolution of books.
Our school is big and beautiful.
It has a playground,a basketball crout and two main buildings.
One is the classroom building,and the other is the lab building.
My favorite place is the lab building.
It is quiet and bright as well as many green plants.
The lab building has a lot of rooms,such as computer room,art room,music room and so on.
I like it because I always feel happy and relax when I am in it.When I feel tired and unhappy,it will be the best place to go to.
I can also enjoy myself in the peaceful environment there.
So the lab building is my favorite place at the whole school.
It is no denying that it is necessary for us to read.
Reading, like other activities, brings unique pleasures to the readers.
It plays an essential role in our daily life.
For example, it is easy for us to access to the wisdom of ages and delighting stories.
What's more, through reading all kinds of books, we can broaden the horizon and enhance the understand of the world, the people and ourselves.
Above all, we can acquire the pleasure of the mind.
It will bring us to another world which the books show.
In my opinion, We should not only read in classes.
In our free time, we also can read books to get fun and gain some information which we need.
To sum up, the more books we read, the more knowledge we will gain.
A year will be pass,and the Christmas is coming again.
At Christmas, people often prepare Christmas treeS and have dinner with their friends and families.
They also prepare Christmas gifts for friends and loved ones.
Christmas is a symbol of the good days.
I wish everyone will have a merry Christmas and they can achieve their Christmas wishes.
I want to study English for different reasons.First,Iwant to learn much thing.Communicating with foreigner is interesting.And I can learn some thing from them.Second,Studing English is necessary.I have learned construction.So English is important.Finally,my friend have learned English Major.She like to talk to me in English.My English should be good.
Nowadays,after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
For example,I became a member of Chinese Literature Club two weeks ago.It 's an interesting and active club that with lots of students who likes writing articles and reading traditional Chinese masterworks.At the same time,I try to let me play more sports such as basketball and soccer.Because of taking part in the club,it has improved my writing skill and helped me learn more about Chinese literature.Playing different sports,I changed from a thin boy into a stronger one.
If you want to choose some after-school activities,I think I can offer you some advice.
First,you are supposed to choose the activities that fit you best.Second,you need to arrange you time properly.Otherwise,you will be stressed out.At last,I hope that everybody has a happy and rich lifestyle.
Love is an affection from our heart,and it is a feeling,more specifically,it is our affection toward someone or a group of people.Also,it is a way to express our truly feeling to others.
And love is a passionate affection for another person,or feeling of warm personal attachment,as for parents,friends and lovers.
For me,love does not have an exact definition,but it really between us,and it is personal.In my heart,I do have some feelings about love.Firstly,I think love is the feeling of natural,when we far away from our parents,they will always concern us,and worried about us,and this love cannot be replaced,it is great and natural which no one can give us;Secondly,love is the feeling of warm,when we donate something to those people who really need them,and help them to live in a better life,and make them enrich,what I remember when the WenChuan earthquake happened in 2008,many people die in that horrible earthquake, but there were some lucky people survived, some of them because their teachers, parents, loves or friends saved them but lose their own lives.And from this we can know that this is a way for people to show their love ,and this love make us feel warm.Last but not least,I also think love is being need,sometimes we may have troubles and feel unhappy in our life,but at this moment,our friends will come over and comfor us,then we share our happiness and sadness,because we need each other.
All these are what I think love,love is natural,warm and being need.It exist everywhere only if we feel it with our heart.
Some people may say future life is comfortable and excellent.
But I think the present life is the best.
In the present, we can do more thing than past, such as Internet, fridge and other things.
Today, we can eat many food everyday and do not to worried no food to eat.
You will not die when you do not have money because country will help you.
If you liver in the past, you may died because they have no food to eat.
You also could die in a small ill or in robber may kill you.
But in the present, these things will not happen.
Do not think live in the future is better.
Probably, in the future the internet will be faster.
But do not forget internet will develop us lazy and unhealthy.
What's more, robot in the future may kill people with its wrong.
So, I think we should enjoy the life in the present.
Thank you for helping me when I lived in your home during America.I felt fantastic and learned a lot from you and America education.Because of your help,I adapted more quickly in both family and school.But now,I have some trouble in lefting a dictionary in your home.This is my first dictionary which my American English teacher sent to me.It is valued for me.I think it maybe on the bookshelf in the bedroom.Please find it patiently and if you find it you can post it to me.After that,I will pay for the postage.Thank you!
Discussion on modern education occurs on several different levels.
One of the major concerns is about the study in foreign countries.
A marvelous number of people hold the opinion that it is really good to study abroad for several reasons.
First of all, students are able to gain more sophisticated and advanced knowledge by studying abroad especially for those from developing countries.
It is undoubted that most of the prestigious universities and educational institutions are situated in the developed countries, thus the learners who could attend universities in the developed countries such as the Yale University or the Oxford University are much easier to accept better education and acquire the most advanced knowledge.
Take China as an example, more and more undergraduates today from China choose to study in the universities around the world which enjoy great academic reputation such as MIT or Harvard because of their pursuit for higher academic achievements.
And they can recevie the most updated and advanced technology by doing researches in such universities.
Besides, the other common argument supporting to study abroad is the improvement of communication skills and the global perspectives.
Students who choose to study abroad are able to meet the students and peers from other countries, which will not only enhance their communication skills but also offer them a global view.
For example, all the international students in American universities need to use English to communicate with the local Americans both in class and daily lives no matter where they come from.
It will surely help them improve their English communication skills with foreigners after years of study in America.
At the same time, by studying and living together with people all around the world, students could get to know foreign culture and customs, which could help them broaden their horizon.
For example, students with foreign studying experience often consider some questions by using critical thinking skills or using a global perspective especially those political issues.
In addition to personal achievements, the nations would benefit a lot from the outstandings students who make great contributions to their motherlands by the knowledge and skills they gained abroad.
Since around 100 years ago, a lot of developing countries such as Japan and China have been sending outsanding students abroad to learn the advanced technology from the western world and a great numbe of them have returned to help build their own countries such as Qian xuesen and Yang zhenning.
There are certain drawbacks of studying overseas including the high tuition which will exert a huge financial burden on the working classes and the loss of talents and brilliants will undermine the nation's further development too.
However, many students have resolved their financial problems by different means from applying scholarships to doing some part-time jobs.
And the loss of talents is inevitable as long as the country is open to the world and what the nation should do is to improve its own economy and power to attract more talents back.
In conclusion, I do agree with the argument that the advantages of studying abroad far outweigh its disadvantages.
Some of the drawbacks are inevitable, nevertheless most of them could be overcome by the learners' own effort.
And it is always a good thing to study abroad and see the outside world.
I think there is a big difference between learning style and the learning style of overseas Chinese,Chinese learning style is mainly of examination-oriented education,students do not have too much free time,most of the time the classroom learning mainly teacher-centered,students should learn the textbook knowledge,good grades in the line, like the ancient said two ears do not hear out of the window,and one book read-only saints.
I like Chinese learning style has its advantages and disadvantages,he can let the students concentrate on learning,on the textbook knowledge can learn best,examination results graduate,the social practice ability,to adapt to the reality of life, the teaching is a kind of violence.
I'm learning style of China's point of vie, the students not only to learn the classroom knowledge,but also learn to real ability of live,rich experience in our society.Do classroom and extracurricular combining!
The summer vacation is coming.
We will spend the last summer vacation.
It is very important for us to study.
This is a chance to improve my study.
There is no doubt that if you miss the chance you will regret.
So l made a decision to how to good use it.
The important one is studying.
First of all, l will complete the homework, and then I will review english words, because I am poor at english.
I hope l will make progress.
I will study maths, chinese and history.
The second one is relaxing, l can have enough sleep in my summer vacation,and l will go swimming with my friend.
My parents will take me to Huangshan to climb the mountain.
These are my plan, I think l will have a good summer holiday and only hard work can you realize your dream.
With the developing of economy.some people who do not currently engaged in education,employment or training live with parents' affluence.
The phenomenon is combined with lot's of aspect.
The strategy of OLNY CHILD inspire parents spoil their kids and build a over more comfortable surrounding for their children.It cultivate kids' worse habit that if they get into trouble they will ask help for their parents easily.Scendly our society is not balanced between poor and rich.
A little people today own more incom but less education.
It lead to they do not ponder the approach how to induct kids' right.
As a university student we should set up proper attitude that live with our abilitys,use our intelligence for work.
If so,our value of human will achieve.when we are old ,we will tell ourselves that we are not wear away our short life.
When I entered the University, my heart is not only full of excitement and I'm going to enter my dream.
The first impression is the college was too big and the environment was very beautiful.With the leaves of the trees and grass attracted me.The fish in the lake play games.I've never seen so many buildings and such a big library.
When I went into the library to face so many books, I don't know which one to see.
In the class the teacher use different ways teach, so that we must change our study method.
But when I really entered university, I found the real situation is different if you not work hard you couldn't get nothing.
The college has many places are worth we go to visit but also meantime some places we didn't satisfy.
For example, our dormitory condition is very poor.
I think that we can use our hands and knowledge to create a better tomorrow.If you do not have done business.
It has been a heated scandal that Kai Ko, a Taiwan actor, was arrested because of abusing drugs.
Most people are arguing if the celebrities can continue their careers.
In my opinion, the celebrities who have made mistakes should be given second chances because everybody should have equal rights and the society should be humanized.
Personally, everybody should have equal rights.
Ordinary people who have been caught doing wrong can continue their career after release.
Just like the celebrities, they should be also allowed to have second chances.
The ultimate goal of punishment is not to make them lost jobs but to make sure they don't repeat their offence.
It's better if they can convey a message to their fans about how to stay away from the same mistakes.
For society, it should be humanized and show the humanistic care.
In a way, the celebrities are the same as ordinary people.
They also need forgiveness and second chances.
Nobody can always do something all right.
What's more, after celebrities have paid their fines and served their time as decided by a court or judicial authorities, they have paid their debts to society.
Therefore, society should encourage them to do right things rather than make them suffer a lot.
In conclusion, we should give the celebrities second chances.
We should give them a chance to correct mistakes and encourage them to do right things.
Only in this way can our society become more and more harmonious.
My favourite sport is running.
Every Saturday I running with my friends in the morning.
We run in the community together about 40 minutes.
I like running very much because I can listen to my favourite music when I run.
And I really feel comfortable.
If I have something depressive I'll let it out by running.
It is also a very healthy exercise and it can make me stronger.
With the development of the society,more and more college students select to study abroad when they graduate.On the one hand,some of them think it's a good chance to go abroad for further training.Not only can they acquire more advanced technology,but they can get more experience.What's more,it can also make them find a job easier when they return to their country.On the other hand,they think it is a challenge to study abroad and useful for them to get into the habit of overcoming difficulties by themselves.
However,some person thinks it 's also a good choice to find a job after they graduate.Some of them are poor,so it can reduce the burden on family if they can find a job after graduating.And they can apply to the knowledge that they learned to make a contribution to society.
As far as I'm concerned,I may choose the latter.Because my family is not very rich,studying abroad is a burden on my family.So finding a job after graduating is a good idea for me,if so, I can make a contribution to society earlier.And it's also my dream to return to society.
The personal experience and the knowledge form book are two important things people need.
The personal experience can make people do not only stay in home ,you can go to other place to learn geography in the travel ,we can see some beautiful river ,mountain with the travel .It can add your view ,and these things you can not learn form the book.
The book can help your know the word ,the English,math, and other important thing people should learn.
If people do not learn form the book,we can not get the good job.
The famous people in this world are all like to reading books to get the knowledge ,the people's life can not with out the book.
The book can not learn the knowledge in the personal experience, and the personal experience also can not learn the knowledge in the books.
So these two things are all important.
But, I think personal experience is better for me.
If you just reading books will not funny and just like to study.
If you have enough time, try to go to the other place.
"Through her heroines, readers can see, as well, how harshly the hard facts of economic life bore down on gentlewomen during this period when a lady's security depended on her making a good marriage.
The extract above can be applied to illustrate Jane Austen's pessimistic point of view towards the status of women in the 19th Century England.
In all her six novels, the status of a woman is closely related to her marriage because only through marriage can she obtain the so called "security" which usually includes a stable and comfortable abode, a relatively ample provision and a decent husband in the typical patriarchal society where only males are entitled to the right of inheritance.
Not seldom in her novels, males dominate the initiative to choose, leaving women in a passive situation only to be chosen (best example maybe Jane Bennet in Pride and Prejudice).
Though Jane Austen didn't directly expose her pessimistic views towards women's pathetic status, she did give light to it via undertones of certain lines.
In traditional Chinese values, Mr. Weston maybe can't be an eligible candidate for a husband for such a sensible woman as Miss Taylor because he had married once and had a child with his former wife.
But still everyone felt happy for Miss Taylor.
From this angle, Jane's pessimism can also be felt.
Above is my quotation and summary.
Today, many original works have been adapted for films, such as The Hunger Game and The Loard of the Rings, it costs us only serval hours to know the whole story, even that we can understand easier by watching the films than reading the original work, but if we read the original work, we can get more details and the words in the books is graceful.
In my opinion, I think read the original work it's the best choice because the graceful words can help us improve our style of writing, by the way, if you prefer watching movies, maybe you will miss many interesting contants in the original work.
In order to improve educational quality continuously, some hold that student should be encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teachers.
However, others think that it will contribute to the disappearing of respect and discipline in the classroom.
Of the two views discussed above, I am in favor of the former one.
Although giving students the right to make comments may give rise to some adverse consequences, it has enormous advantages that result in students' development and educational success.
For one thing, the comments act as a kind of feedback,which strengthens the communication between students and teachers,thus stimulating the education afterwards.For another,as a result of it,students' enthusiasm and initiative in learning could be inspired to a large degree,not to mention their confidence and courage to cope with difficulties.Last but not least,potential disadvantages of this practice can be overcame eventually with the collaboration of teachers and students.
In a word,encouraging students to make comments on teachers is a meaningful practice.
These days marriage issue often hits the headlines of newspapers and has been brought into focus of the public.
It pays to concern about marriage problems for us.
Those who are in favor of marriage question main that some people declare that "No money, no marriage".
The reason why people have these thought.
To be begin with, marriage need so much money.Then money is based on marriage.
Furthermore, you can't buy everything without money.
Finally, marriage is a expensive costing.
On the contrary, those who are against marriage issue point out that marriage should not be tainted by money, because it is the most solemn and sacred thing in our life.
On no account can we use money to compare with marriage.
As far as I am concerned, marriage not only focus on money, but also represent love for each other.
Marriage have a great influence on our life.
It is universally acknowledged that marriage is the most solemn and sacred thing in couple's life.
We should protect our love rather than destroy it.
The development of tourism can boost the local economic growth.
In order to attracting more tourists to our city, the government needs to spend money on improving traffic conditions and beautifying the environment.
Also we should cultivate talents for tourism.
Those put in motion to the other industry.
However, with the increase number of tourists, places of historical interests are badly destroyed by them.
Some people like to write down their names in those places to prove that they have been there, others like to have lunch in scenic region and there always have litter leaving over their feet.
It is a big challenge for workers to clean it out.
Like the East Lake in Wuhan.
It is an important thing for us to think about how to deal with those contradictions nicely.
If we did a good job, we could make good use of developing the tourism.
It is all depend on ourselves.
I library,people know how to restrict them selves ,it is haved more politely,and it is a good place for you to read plenty of novels and study your own subjects,used to hanging out in library after school ,because even go home may not have the moon or condition to finish my homework,and it's good place for you to meet some friends who have something in common and we can have experience on study or other ,subject.
Friendship is a kind of man relations,it is a human born ability to make friends.When we are in trouble,we need friends to offer us help,support and encouragement.Also,when the success achieved ,we also need friends to share our joys.
Friendship is also one of the greastest pleasures that we can enjoy,it concludes honesty,tolerace,sympathy,affection and readiness to help.No man can make the most of his life without carefully and conscientious striving to win the right king of friends as he goes along.
As we can know.
friendship is so important that we must be careful selecting friends.Sometimes the true friends can give us more help and can lead us to make progress instantly.Then we also should take care to select those who have such fine qualities,that we can learn more from them.
In a word,friendship is very wonderful that everyone of us must cherish it.
My name is J and I am from The High school Attached to K University.
I met you in the American middle school students language learning summer camp.
In the activity,I enjoyed myself and improved my English.
Meanwhile,I learned a lot.
This year,our school will also hold a camp.
I would like to invite you to join in this summer camp.
In camp,we will show you around the beautiful city and you can also experience Chinese family activities.
Look forward to your arrival.
I am really glad that you are interested in in traditional Chinese festivals Spring Festival,the most important festival in the Chinese traditional year.
It last 15 days,from the beginning of the traditional year the people also have lots of activities.
For example,every family member getting together to have dinner in the last day of traditional years it called Tuan Yuan Fan.
The activity is the pearl of the crown What's more,there are many other activities to do,we need to clean the room and go shopping to prepare the necessary.
I wish that the introduction of Spring festival can help you.
With the development of society, our daily live have become more and more interesting, the situation is the same with colleague students.
For university students, they have more choice at electives, which bring them a lot of happy.
However, there is a other problem for them.
With more and more electives, the students feel terrible, because they do not know how to choose the elect.
In my opinion, as a colleague student, we should independent and find what we need in our lives.
We can choose some electives according to ourselves habits and need.
For instance, we can choose some of electives, which can promote our learning, or we select some of them whose can improve our capacity .in a word, we ought to select the electives which is not harm for our study and lives.
On a sunny morning,I went jogging outside and enjoyed the music in my Mp3.When I was ready to go home to have my lunch,a woman with her cute puppy came into view.I found the puppy was turning around at the roadside.Then,it wasted under a road light ,and its master got angry.
With her pet's behavior,the woman did nothing but leaving without cleaning its shit.In order to keep our neighborhood's environment clean,I stopped her right away.
"Please clean it before you go.
"I said.And the woman apologized to me then made it clean.After she was gone,I went home in a happy mood because I thought I did a right thing at that day.
There is a prevalent topic talked among all ages of people.
It is hard to get a coincident answer.
They say: there are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes, so does the topic.
Therefore, with figures growing up, the definition of happiness would not be unanimous.
In recent society, people worshiping money and the majority of person regarded money as a sovereign treasure.
They bleed every bit of energy from body to get good life financially.
When the goal has achieved, happiness may not come as consequent.
By comparison, people live a happiness life could not be rich financial.
There is nothing to do with money of being better off.
Happiness is a feeling from deep down.
The real happiness can not balanced with how rich you are or how many cars you have.
Happiness is a sense of comfort mentally, which money can not be.
Now, most of person departure from the society.
So, we can't emphasize the importance of energy-saving too much.
I think we are supposed to volunteer work one or two days a week.
On the one hand.
I think rise from the self-cultivation.
For example, we must try to eke out our water supply.
In order to save water, waste water should be used circularly.
As a result, we must economize them most cleverly.
New techniques should be developed and applied to reduce energy cost in industry and daily life.
Alternative energy should be employed wherever possible.
Eradicate any practice that wastes energy.
On the other hand.
The government should appeal to everyone to save water and save electricity.
And some people still smoking.
This is a bad habit.
Smoking causes many illnesses.
A lot of people always cough because of smoking.
The most serious illness caused by smoking is lung cancer.
Meanwhile smoking is a waste of money.
I think we are supposed to objection to smoking.
Some people are supposed to still generous with energy even though the idea of saving energy is emphasized repeatedly.
We are supposed to resist pressure to waste of resources.
Every country has its own languages which often include official languages and many kinds of dialects.With the development of globalization, countries and nations are becoming closer and closer.
More and more countries use the same language to communicate with each other while fewer and fewer people use their own native languages in daily life causing that there are fewer languages in the world year by year.
However,I do think this is a good thing because of its convenience and efficiency.
To begin with, it brings much convenience to us ordinary people and our life.
Life can be easier with the language.
Suppose that: If you want to communicate with a foreigner, now you don't need to learn his language or have a translator because you know what he is taking about.
Besides, life for each individual will be more colorful if he can freely talk to others without communicative difficulty for he can touch upon all different kinds of culture flexibly.What's more,it greatly improves the administrative efficiency of every country and government.
Countries can have a better understanding of each other in trade,economy,science,policy and all aspects in the same language.There will be less unnecessary conflicts,too.
Our world will be more peaceful and become better and better.
All in all, I don't think it makes any bad difference to our life when there are fewer languages in the world.
On the contrary, it is a good phenomenon for it greatly brings convenience and efficiency to our life.
My name is H. I am a young, courageous, and a little bit sentimental girl.
I love watching movies, listening to music, and reading novels, which can give me the power.
I can't express myself very well, but I always try to do my best.
I am glad to have an opportunity to take part in this Translation Course.
I really want to learn how to translate and interpret English into another language through this course.
I was born in a warming family which comprises five members, including my father, my mother, an elder brother, an elder sister, and me.
When I was little, I had a carefree childhood.
Also, my parents gave me plenty of space to develop my own personality, and interests.
Most essential of all, my family is my spiritual support.
I began studying English when I was nine years old.
At that time, my English grade was bad, and I was not interested in English at all.
Even I used the Chinese phonetic alphabet to remember English words.
Nevertheless, when going to cram school, I found English is far more fun than I had thought.
As a result, I major in English now.
I love English not only because it is the main language of the world, but also it can make me know many amazing things all over the world.
In addition, I am able to cultivate the global perspective through English.
I would like to make friends with people from other countries.
I want to realize true lives that foreigners lead.
I am extremely interested in the different customs and cultures , and I also want to experience in person.
By learning English, I can have more complete life to chase the final meaning of my life.
If I don't understand how deference between country to country and people to people is, I can't realize that how beautiful world is.
You've maybe known about computers your whole life.
But computers have not really been created for very long.
Computers started to become popular with people in the 1960s.
Computers become widespread with people after 1980s.
People use computers in many ways.
Stores use computers to track of products and check you at the companies.
Banks use computers to send money all over the world.We play computer game with it.Teathers correct with our composition with it.
Scientists use computers to solve research problems.
Teacher can use computer to take lessons.
Architects use computers to design houses and buildings.
The police use computers to resist crimes.
The doctor use computers to take care of patients.I can use computers to chat with you.
It is very important for us to have computer in our daily life.
If someone asks me, shall we pay our parents back when they are old.
I'll say 'of course' without hesitation.
First of all, we should realize that parents gave birth to us.
We grew up with parents basically.
And they teach us what we should do in our life.
When we were hungry, mom always cooks for us.
Before sleeping, dad would read a story for us.
Therefore, they usually full us before themselves.
And they go to sleep later than us.
However, one day they will be old, like the reading of 'A Date That Can Not Be Missed'.
The old woman couldn't read the menu, so we should read to her, similar to once she did.
We not only pay return to our parents, but also are grateful.
Love always connects us between our parents.
Nothing in life is more important than your family.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am hornored to stand here to say something about my china dream.
As we all know, China is a populous country consis of men and women.
Once upon a time, status of men and women were not equal.
In fact, it is always unequal.
As a female, I share that feeling all the time.
So I have a dream that one day can make gender equality come true.
Nowadays many governments are emphasizing the equality between men and women in their own countries concluded China.
It is undeniable that there is progress in the improvement of women's social status.
While, the thought that men are better than women has been exiting for thousands of years.
So women are not really equal to men.
Political prospect, career opportunities, and chance of promotion are treated as the top three aspects where sexual discrimination exists.
Women have fewer chances than men to become successful and men have more chances than women in getting promoted.
What's more, the inequality in family life is manifested by such issues as children's choice of surname, who is the head of the family, who decides family spending and who should decide when to give birth to a baby, while men think that inequality is demonstrated.
Men and women are not really equal but we can try to change it .
I hope that one day women can really feel themselves like half of the sky in China.
On current days, English is becoming more and more important.
It has been the most useful communication tool in the world.
Now, it's delighted for me to share my experience of learning english with you.
I like studying English by many interesting ways, such as listen music, see movie and so on.
my favourite way of learning English is to follow u.s. drama, in which i can get what's the real talk in real life.
Memorize new words is the last thing i would like to do.
Here comes a trick for you: never recite the word alone, put the new word into a context.
You will get twice the result with half the effort.
That's my way of learning english.
Enter the room,you can feel that is a clean,warm room.
Looking around,a beautiful oil painting can catch your eyes,it on the opposite wall.I think the hostess must have good tastes.
The purple curtains on the left wall and a blue sofa in front of the curtain.
It must be very comfortable if you sitting on the sofa.
Furthermore,there is a little pillow in the sofa.
In the middle of the room, floor covered with a rug and a coffee table in the rug.
There is a lea table near the sofa with an exquisite lamp.
A green armchair backs to the door.
Then look at the right wall,there is a fireplace which makes you warmer,walk straight,you can see a pink loveseat in the corner,it looks very lovely.That is a warm room though it is not big enough.maybe it must be happy if you live in the room.
According to a report,this life is the best life until restently.On one a hand,this life can help people form a habit of reducing.For example,human beens can do that one will use the wast-water to do other things ,which is very useful.One the other hand ,pollution-problem is becoming serious,especially air pollution.Low-coebon lifestyle make a great diffience in soving this problem .
First ,we can do somethings around ourselves .For instance ,reduce water,turn off the light as we leave our room,and do not use one-time chopstics.Besides,we can make some posts which are about protecting enviornment,so that more people will engage in the activety.
I believe that if we are able to this ,the life will become more beautiful in the furture.
Nowadays on cyber love has become more and more popular among people.
With the development of the internet, it has provided a new way of making friends and love to people.
On the one hand, on cyber love benefits people a lot.
For example, we can make many friends whom from all around the world through on cyber love.
and gain courage, confidence, warmth each other.
Above all, we can feel a beaut of distance mystery.
On the other hand, On cyber love has a negative effect on people.
We don't know the true look and minds through the Internet.
Maybe the person is a bad guy, but he saise he is a kind person.We may be cheated through him.
In my opinions.
I don't believe that we can look for true love through on cyber love.
First,I think that the true love is producted through experiencing ups and dawns each other in realistic life.
Second, I think that we should take enough time to know each other indaily life.Third,true love does not grow without contact between two mind.
Nowadays, using plastic bags or cloth bags has been the hottest topic around us.
But a great number of people are still choosing the cloth bags.
The reason is the plastic bags are always making pollution to the environment.
First , they will produce the drugs for the soil , then the drugs will be focused on our bodies by eating vegetables.
They also will cause the "White Pollution", which makes us in trouble a long time.
If we use the cloth bags , we can protect the environment and we also can use it again and again, then we can save money in this way.
In order to enjoy a beautiful environment, just use the cloth bags now.
Suddenly something hit the tigress's head and with the large sound I passed out.
When I wake up I found that I was in my hut amongst.
After I opened my eyes I saw a little hare was sitting with me.
She was so happy when she found I was waked.
Suddenly I understood it was hare who saved me.
And she had given me broth a daughter.
Oh my hare.
She told me that she hit the tigress and bag for her help.
My hare said to the tigress that she would be eaten by tiger.
And at last the tigress was touched by my hare.
And let us go home.
At last I know it is my fault not to treasure my hare.
I was so guilty about my hare I felt that I was a bad man.
It is my greedy to search for one and another.
I asked for myself why I always find one by one.
I don't know how to treasure my love.
Now I know it is true love that she will forever company with me.
As my hare said to me, since the day I left you I was always follow you but you can't see me.
I believe that one day you will come back.
And I will stay with you forever.
Because I love you.
Now I know that the true that I had always is the love that will forever be with you.
English is widely used in the global various fields, including politics, economy, trade, culture, science and the humanities academic research, etc.
In recent years, a large increase is the result of English loanwords in modern Chinese, this is an important manifestation of English influence on modern Chinese.
The first kind is to use the pronunciation similar characters to express English word pronunciation of a way to borrow, but these characters only keep the word pronunciation and writing way, lose their original meaning.
Such as cloning, gene, disco, etc.Approximation of the second kind is to borrow English phonetic form and meaning of Chinese characters harmonic mode, this kind of transliteration words morphemes often has a certain significance of the association.
Such as hackers, talk show, tanks and so on.The last one is half of transliteration and free translation, commonly used in composite transliteration loanwords.
And after the whole English loanwords transliteration add Chinese characters semantic markup.
Such as the Internet, hula hoop, cigars, etc.
Chinese use English, in my opinion, this phenomenon shows the modern Chinese vocabulary internal structure change rule and the mechanism of evolution.
Language is the very important factor in language development, innovation is the expression of the language full of vitality.
Many people are willing to devote their time and effort to helping others.
Busy as I am, I still do some volunteer work in my spare time.
My most unforgettable experience was the visit to an old people's home, where I had learned the importance of love.
It was in Saturday.
My classmates and I met at the school gate and then went together to call on the old.
Before I went there, I thought that their lives were tedious.
However, the old there were talkative, and seemed to be satisfied with their life there.
My partner was a kind old woman with a grey but elegant hair.
She told me that her children were abroad and they were filial to her.
When I asked her whether her life here was boring, she smiled.
"I am used to chatting with my friends here.
Everything is perfect here," she replied.
As far as I'm concerned, do some volunteer work doesn't cost you anything.
Instead, it even benefits you.
We can learn about love and patience, and also the true meaning of helping others: helping others is helping ourselves.
Days go by without returning,we again have steped into the golden autumn.Admittedly,autumn is a season to gain.However,it also makes you dreary.The lovely flowers begin to wither and fall.The leaves gradually turn yellow.Even the cute sun is mean to show her face.What's more,we have to change our clothes frequently due to the changeable temperature,which causes a lot of inconveniences.In contrast,in spring it is another case.A myriad of grass come up.When you look out of the window,what you can see is full of green as well as various flower,which helps you sense the vitality of life.This is a huge advantage over autumn.
I am Li Yue, a student from Class 1, Senior II.
I am writing to say something about what I have seen in the place of interest.
Nowadays with the development of the tourism, people tend to travel around the country or even the world, but some problems also appear at the same time.
Such as scribbling on precious objects and littering everywhere.
This kind of behavior must be banned.
To begin with, what they do will destroy the atmosphere of the tourist spot since the facilities are scribbled and the environment is ruined by the litter.
Additionally, behavior like this shows the low quality of the tourists and if they are in foreign country, this will leave foreigners a bad impression on Chinese people.
Therefore, I strongly suggest that the related department should issue the law to ban this kind of behavior and strengthen the education among those tourists.
In college,everyone comes from different places.And so everyone has his or her specific charact-eristic.Appearantly,conflict can not be avoided.So getting along with your roommate comes to one of the most important things.
Many reasons can cause conflict.Maybe it is for a pen you borrow from your roommate that you don't return on the stroke.Or you run so fast that you knock your roommate down.All these incidents can cause conflict.When this occurs, how can we solve the problem?
chance to explain.If your roommate lose his or her temper,you can make some concession.And after he or she is good,find a chance to talk with him or her.All in all,communication is the best way to solve the problem.
But in our life,incidents like these don't happen from time to time.After all,happiness is the main rhythm in our life.Finally,wish you have a good time.
Good afternoon,my dear friends.
I am glad to hear your stories and I'd like to share my story with you.
As you know,I like to play computer game after finishing my daily tasks.Last week,unfortunately,my computer got a virus.I didn't know how to deal with this problem,then I asked my grandmother for help.My grandmother was surprised to hear this new.Then she walked out my room and told me that she would solve this problem.I was so happy to hear she said so.Two hours later,I went to ask my grandmother if my computer can be used as before.My grandmother led me to my room and said"Look!It is being treating!
This is my story,thank you for listening to me.
It is true that every time a "Rude Chinese tourist" story is published in newspaper and website and Chinese tourists are now notorious for their misbehavior.
However, most of "Rude tourist" is from the other country in China.
As far as I am concerned, "Rude tourists" arise when people from different cultural backgrounds meet.
It is also a kind of misunderstanding.
My reason for this point can be listed as follows.
First of all, it is reported that a lot of foreigners have a series of rude behaviors in Chinese by Shouhu.
For example, the Grate Wall has a slogan, which you can read the sentence that "No camping on the Great Wall "on it.
Nevertheless, a number of foreign tourists also had camped on the Great Wall.
They may just have behaved as they do at home.
What's more, "rude tourist"is often called by natives.
Just because they have different values about civilization.
Natives look down upon foreign tourist's behavior, which is regarded as normal or important to foreigners.
Besides, rude tourists really exist in our life.
The reason is that its culture education failed.
All mentioned above tell us that the so-called "Rude tourist" is from cultural conflict.
Therefore, we can reasonably conclude that every country should understand and respect other countries' different cultural background and improve its cultural education.
I am C,18 years old,I come from Y.
I am an only child in my family, I am a student,My father is a engineer,My mother is a housewife,My family have many different hobbies, I like playing basketball and playing computer games.
My dream is to be engineer,Because my father is great engineer,My mother is quiet she likes cooking and watching TV,My father likes smoking,But I think smoking is harmful to him health,So I advise him to smoke less.
My home hot in summer,people in my home town are kind,this is my family and home town.
Lucy comes from American,she lives in New York,she have been to Beijing for a journey by plane,and she arrived at 4pm.
in November 3th.
She lived in a five-star hotel,and she visited many places of historic interests and scenics beauty.Such as Tian'anmen Square,The Great Hall of the People,The Forbidden City and The Temple of Heaven .
After 4 days,she went back to Americ.She has a good journey.
I am very happy that I arrived in the university.
In my mind, university is a place where we can take in knowledge.
In the university, I hope I can make many friends and take part in some club activities.
Although as a new university student, I have some questions.
My English is just so so, so I want to study English more and more hard in the university.
And I want to pass the College English Test Band 4.
In the university, I can make life in school.
I stay in the dormitory every day, and I should take care of by myself.
I learn some living skills.
As is known to all, a harmonious dormitory life is important.
Now I am a university student, I will take more time to study independence.
I want to learn something about accountant's knowldge.
And I want to pass the Certificate of Accounting Professional.
University is very beautiful, and I think the four years will be better.
Recently more and more TV talent shows have appeared in public.
They have caused a popularity of show and many people pay attention to the TV show.
If TV talent show is a good thing or not, let us have a discussion.
Many people have a positive attitude in the TV shows.
They suppose that this kind of activity contributes to selection of talent.
And it is a style of the TV program.
They can give the audience the joy.
But not everyone agrees the point that TV talent show is a good thing.
The other person is against TV talent shows.
They guess it is terrible, meanwhile those shows only cheat public, it can't accurately select talents, and some production managers take advantage of the show to earn the money.
On my point, we can watch TV talent shows; at least it is not a bad thing.
However, the TV programmer should be honest; they ought to give the audience a true program.
At the same time, the government should strengthen the control of the media and offer a healthy environment.
With the development of economy.More and more resources are run to waste.In order to the sustainable development of society,creating a conservation-orientend is very imminent.
Our country has a large population vast territory and abundant Resources.However,That's just before.In fact,the waste of resources had been caused the very serious consequences.The shortage of resources also caused a Series of problems.
For example,it can hinder the development of economic and the progress of the social .
For building the saving-type campus.
As a student,we Should try our best to save .In our life, when we Leave the room ,we should switch off the lights.
After washing Hand ,we should not leave the water faucet running.When you use paper to both sides of the paper with.Don't waste a drop of food.
The things are small, but bring influence is big.We should reform The minor matter, starts to building a conservation-oriented Campus together.
As teamwork is increasingly important in modern society, everyone should train his ability to cooperate with others.
Today's society is no longer a self-sufficient one, but one in which all the people depend on each other for existence.
In the highly developed society today, one can almost accomplish nothing without joint efforts.
Every loaf of bread, every article of clothes, every house or apartment, every means of transportation is the product of cooperative efforts.
What we have got through teamwork is not only self important, personal success, but also the satisfaction at both our devotion to common causes and the sense of collective honor.
To meet the needs of both personal improvement and the sophisticated society, wo should learn to cooperate with other and adjust to each other.
Only in this way can we achieve successes and satisfy ourselves as well as the society.
There has been much argument over people's opinion in recent years.One of the questions under debate is whether people benefit more from E-book or traditional book.This issue is becoming a matter of concern for more and more people,espicially for students who are studying for knowledge.
Those who are against students looking E-book for learning argue that E-book are usually much more costly than traditional book.As a result,it tends to be students from rich families may gradually develop a sense of superiority towards those from other families,while the latter may feel resentful.We also have to take into account the fact that varieties of families cannot afford to buy E-book.Again,content saved in the E-book cannot spread easily from generation to generation.
On the other hand,people who are in favor of student looking E-book for learning point out that E-book is a pretty tool for cultivating student's ability,which they seldom acquire from traditional book because of lacking of interest.What's more,these students usually show a more positive attitude towards learning by E-book than by traditional book.Besides,they are generally find it easier to adapt to modern society,which full of competition when they grow up.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments.I am inclined to agree with the latter point of view.For one thing,it seems to me that there is more to education than merely learning from traditonal book.Maybe according to E-book,students can study more efficiently.For another,the advance of technology force students to use scientific products.In a word ,we can conclude that E-book will bring student more positive influences than negative ones.
The importance of English learning should all know, please take a look at my suggestion.In my opinion, we should strengthen English learning, because it can learn other advanced technology, as well as the friendly exchanges between countries, but also to understand the western culture.
The key is to learn good English can go to travel around the world, in order to not be so embarrassed.I hope to take my advice.Thanks.
From the chart above we can see that the percentage of college students taking part-time jobs is increasing gradually.
Nowadays, with the development of the society, the phenomenon that undergraduate doing part-time job is more and more popular in universities.
There are some reasons why the amount of college students taking part-time jobs was increasing.
On the one hand, owing to the unemployment pressure, the enterprise and corporation have requirements at the higher level for job hunter.
As an undergraduate, In order to enhance our own ability, we have to enrich our experience.
On the other hand, we have a lot of spare time, so, it is a good choice to kill time.
In addition, if we have something that we want to buy, such as clothes, makeup those are not included our cost of living.
We will get a part-time job.
Currently,there are so many blind-date tv shows which attach not only millions of young people .but many parents.Here are some reasons contribute to the phenomenon.
Firstly,with the development of economic and society,so many people don't just satisfy with their our life now,they try to look for thrills and entitlements,so they are interested in attending such programs ,more ,with the same reason ,so many people are busy with their work that they don't have time to make friends,so they have to set aside time to attend blind-date shows on tv.last but not least , Television dating shows the development of the times, in the time of broadcast by the audience's attention,has created a very high ratings, the media became the topic of conversation.
In my view, the government should impose restrictions on these blind-date shows.
Many of these shows advocate money-worship and materialism; quite a few of the guests' identities are artificial.
If these problems are not solved, the misleading effects can be disastrous.
When it comes to city,it occurs to many people that the city is so crowded,just likes a honeycomb .
As a saying goes "too much people is trouble ",for example,it not only makes traffic jam,but haves a high crime rate.What's worse,owing to many people flood into city,citizen face up to unemployment condition.It makes fierce competition and stress.The most important thing is the citizen 'living standard is lowing because of noise.
In my opinion, it is the high time to take some measures to deal with the problem.Such as the government should come on a policy to solve it,including limiting non- the citizen enter city,improving household registration system.In urban management,government should take suitable planning,especially in area's function.
City is a multifunction place,it attracts more and more people to come,so only when city should be ready for this situation,can it be built more and more beautiful.
As a college student,,the winter holiday is a good chance to practice.As a professional dance for me.
My dream is to be a dance teacher,so I just start from this winter holiday.
Introduced by relatives,I am in a kindergarten when a substitute teacher.I just started to think,to teach children is easy, but the fact is not simple .Because I am a college student,so not many experience.I can only on the internet to check some information about the class.I finally understand the teacher.
It is my most memorable,a few days later,came a full-time teacher.She was graduated from Beijing dance academy.I really respect her,she taught me a lot.
This winter holiday I grew a lot of experience too.Thank the teacher taught me a lot of things.
According to the marxist materialism, material decides the consciousness and consciousness is the reflection of material.Practice is the source of consciousness, and the analysis and summary of consciousness form the theory .therefore, practice is the foundation of theory.Only when we take part in practice,can we form the corresponding consciousness and develop it into theory.
Theory has the guidance in practice.the theoretical guide the research and development of science and technology.Theory tell us what to do and what is right.
The greatly convenient life style is the most important item for the capital of a country.
There is a high concentration of people in Taipei, nearly can not differentiate the residential district and business section.
In this busy city, the public transportation and convenient stores occupied the most essential parts.
The greatly convenient life style is the distinguishing characteristic of Taipei because there're many convenient stores, public transportation and specific activities at nightall over in Taipei.
When people need any article for daily use, convenient stores are always open.
Not only foods and drinks, but also nearly every kind living supplies people can get it from convenient stores in any time.
People don't need to go to the supercenter or take long time to suburb.
The public transportation is gradually progressing in Taipei.
With the time going by,Not only does the city become more and more beautiful,but also the Hazy Weather is more and more serious.
There are some following reasons to introduce how it happened.Firstly,automobile exhute is very serious .Secondly ,the air of the factory is also the main reason.Thirdly,people have little sense to protect our environment and they sometimes destroy our earth.
There reasons caused unexpected consequences.For example,people fall ill earsily.the hazy Weather is harmful for our health.sometimes we see something burrledly .
The last but not least,we should take measures to prevent the hazy Weather.we can plant some trees and flowers.we can also take buses more times and we should seldom drive cars .If we do so,our world will become more and more beautiful.
Reading is a important way for everone to gain knowledge and experience.From reading books,we will reduce times we make mistakes and improve our quality.We will try to treat people in a better way,enjoying a more comfortable life.Because of reading,we think deeply and solve problems in a different way.
Finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark ,so let us read more books and enjoy the process.I believe we can find a more interesting world by this way.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
In the first place, some of us think that high school studengts may get online frequently.
In their views there are three reasons to the attitude as follows:Firstly,we can gei knowledge and open uo our eye's.Secondly,we can share our life and commincate with our friends.What's more we may also relax ourselves.
For the more,in the second place,some of us think that we are not ought to get online frequently.So it goes without saying that opposite viewpoint.
People,however,differ in their opinions on the matter.Some of us hold the idea that we are not supposed to get online freguantly.In their viewpoint,on the one hand,it's bad for our eyes.In the other hand,it may make us be addicted to games and chatting.Above all,it's wasting too much time and our energy.
As far as I am concerned,I firmly support the view that we shouldn't get online ferquently.It means that we can get online when we need but anytime.
On Sunday, my father and I are watch TV .
The program showing THE FASHION,the gril dressing the close-fitting undergarment,I think it very beautiful,but my father think about that close-fitting undergarment is too close and be harm for health,so I quarrel with my father for the close-fitting undergarment.
Nowadays,"generation gap" has gradually become a common phenomenon all over the world.
Experiencing difference time,as a result,causes the difference between the taste of parents and children,the method they deal with problem and values.
As a child,we should show respect and do more communication with our parent for the reduction of the generation gap.
Books are the stepping stones to human progress.
When you love reading, you will send a piece to the things that make you happy.
I like read various kinds of books.
When l have time, l would like to go to the library to read a book quietly ran.
Reading is the way to get the knowledge of the most basic and most important.
Reading can let us learn a lot of knowledge can't go to the classroom.
Reading can broaden our horizons, enrich our imagination, improve our thinking, improve our creative ability.
when you pick up a book, you will walk into a different world.
If it is a good book, you will immediately recognize that one of the most interesting friends in the world.
This friend might take you across different countries and times, or to you tell beautiful places he visited or seen the beautiful things, or to you discuss some you never know learning or life problems.
This is a book in mind, from the psychological impact of speaking, you read a book likes to travel again.
You can not go, but as long as you pick up the side reading books can still understand the world.
When you pick up the books, you"ll find out their many friends, they will teach you a lot of things.
Let's read toad together, feels the joy of reading.
There is a phenomenon that more and more college students do part-time job.
This is a question.
Most people think those college students do part-time job can affect their school work, this is contradicted against with their parents' original intention.
Certainly, others believe that it is an expensive experience for college students who do part-time job.
As far as I am concerned, I think that doing part-time job is very necessary.
Firstly, we not only can learn a lot which we can't learn from class, but also can we meet all kinds of people.
Secondly, the important, I feel, is that we can experience the society earlier than those who don't do part-time job, so that, we can gather experience.
Thirdly, we can adjust our aim as to know ourselves.
Last but not least, doing part-time job can make college student with a better sense that it is not easy to make money, thus, college student can develop a habit of diligent and thrifty.
In a word, college students can take full advantage of time to do part-time job.
They will benefit a lot from it.
This text tells us a child grows up to be a teenager and he wants to be independent.
Parents do not allow their children to do something that parents consider it will be dangerous or it isn't good for the kids.
Nevertheless, the teens don't care what dad or mom say.
They maybe think they have already learnt the basic things what they can make a new life of their own.
They regard parents even as obstacles to growth in.
But parents sometimes have such an unnatural tight rein on their children.
They are extremely possessive at times.
Most young people may have this way of the idea that they want to do most of their own things independently.
But this is teenagers' own immature views in most cases.In the text, the writer introduces to us some teenagers think their parents do not let their go free, but they want to work at their own will.
However, the author also shows us some parents who do not let their children decide anything.
I believe the writer don't in favour of any one of the two.
I have the similar opinion with the author.
In my opinion, teenager could decide something about his own life, but they should listen to parents' some advise as well.
Parents have richer life experience, they know many situations we don't take care.
However, parents should give their children more opportunities for independent work.
The teenager will eventually leave their parents.
If parents don't give the children independence, they won't know how to do in the community.
As children, we should understand parents well.
We should know most behaviors of parents are good for us.
So, we need communicate with our parents more actively.
And as parents, we need listen to voices of children more patiently.
Sometimes, children's idea is pretty good.
It's useful to us helping children grow up that we understand the children's point of view.
It is the best way to solve adolescent problems establishing a good relationship between parents and children.
So, children understand their parents more, and parents give their children more freedom.
Air pollution is one of the major problems of the world.A great deal of energy is needed to run the factories of modern industrial nations.Automobile,trains,planes and busses need energy,too.Nearly all of this energy is produced by burning fuels.The burning produces wastes,some of which remain in the air,causing air pollution.
Scientists are studying new ways of generating electricity that may be less damaging to the environment.In the meantime,many power plants are being modernized to give off less polluted material.Also,engineers try to design and locate new power plants to do minimum damage to the environment.
However,it may be that we still have a long way to go before we have a "clean" world.Nearly all of the countries are trying hard to prevent and control air pollution.There indeed seems to be no end to tasks that environmentalists will be required to do.People will continually find new ways to control pollution.
From the chart above, we can definitely get a conclusion that the more you learned, the higher your salary would be.
The figures in the chart denied the claim that knowledge is useless.
However quite a few people still hold the opinion that a higher education does no good to a better job since that there are many university students who can not get an ideal job.
People's opinions about investment in education differ from person to person.
Some people say that knowledge could no longer change destiny.
To them, it is not only a waste of money, but also a waste of time.
Others deem that education is worthy of investment.
As for me it is no doubt that education offers favorable working opportunity and handsome income, which enable us to buy what we want ,please what we love, and fulfill what we dream, and correspondingly we are able to build an ideal paradise where life can be enjoyed to the uttermost.
This phenomenon tells us that education is a worthy investment.
education investment should be strengthened while we, as college students, should study harder to avoid unemployment.
Our parents are the ones who shower us whit uncondition love and care.They teach us about what is right and wrong,good and bad.But always tend to take this for granted.We always think it is their duty to take good care of us,give us everything we want.We all forget,we don't give them anything.Many chinese parents think they should give their childe the better than they had when them were children ,even it is unreasonable.Gradually,it became a matter of course.But I want to say it is unnecessary for parents to give all things to us.We do have to say"Thank you"to them.Sometimes a small detail will make parents feel happy all day.I hope there will have more and more students like me realized that we should say"thank you"to our parents and should do that every day.
I am writing to tell you one exciting news and I believe you will be amazing after hearing the news.I have got two concert tickets which concert was held by Lang lang who you love the most.So this week,I wish you can go with me.I believe you will enjoy it!
What impresses me most is his overweight.His belly likes a round watermelon,even larger than watermelon.A full black beard obscured half of his face.He also wears a wild moustache.Look,his eyes disappears while smiling.He looks quite honest because of his all smile.
Firstly his colour attracts me.We can clearly see that the bottom colour is white,matching to pink,light blue,purple and rose-pink.I like the blight rose-pink.It is obvious that it is made for lasso-ck due to the lovely butterfly.
Last weekend my parents and I went to the beach.The weather was very sunny.But it was very hot,so we went to the beach,and we went swimming and played with the sand.The sand was very burning.It made my feet hurt.But seawater was a little of cool.We played in the sea,by ship and catching a fish.On the beach.We are runing on the beach.We enjoy the sunshine.Then we take a shower.Last buy bus to go home.We took many photos.This is a wonderful tour.I want to go there again.
In this informative era, with the burgeoning situation of science and technology, people are able to get more disposable material on line .
Even though some countries prohibit people from optionally utilizing web resources, I consider that downloading essays from the internet will be a useful tool which contribute to stimulate studying driving force and bring us more convenience.
It's accurate that the essay is the valuable possession of its author,but if it will be shared to whoever needs it,it would mean more.On the other hand,people who download essays online save more time and energy compared with those who look something up in the dictionary.In their part,the essays with various opinions will let them comprehend the issue objectively and generally.What's more,it is essential for us to share the information and resources which is beneficial to consolidate the connection of the global village.
As a topic being controversial for a long time,downloading essays from the internet has great room from growth.I believe that with the development of network regulation,the more essay can be downloaded easily ,the more convenience and beneficial can we enjoy.
Nowadays, English has become a universal language ,and more and more people start to use it.Thus,there are some people think that English will play a dominant role in the world.But some people tends to believe that we should focus on our mother tongue.In this essay , I will discuss both of these views.
As far as I know,those who can use English has been more successful,because English provides them plenty of chances,especially in this population overload age.Also,Ehglish can make you remove many barriers when you communicate with anyone who does not share the same language with you.In addition to that,currently,some of the developes countries are English-speaking countries,if you want to study or work there,you must learn how to use English.
To sum up,English has become an indispensable part of our life.
I am a university student.when i first enter the school, I think it is very beautiful.but when the time pass,I found some problems on campus.for example, there are no water for people to drink on the building that students study .Although it is very small, it is the most important.If you want drink water,you must go to shop ,but you do not have enough time to buy.
You must laugh at the school.For more,when you want drink boild water, but you will found you should go to dormitory.This time you must corse the school.So I think the school should buy some water machine to solve the problem.It is good solution.
Nowadays, many students choose to take part-time jobs in their spare time.
Whether it is good or bad is still subject to constant debates.
As for me, it is hard to say right or wrong.
After all, every coin has two sides.
It is true that taking part-time jobs certainly brings about several advantages.
To begin with, it gives us a chance to learn to be independent, and we also have a deeper understanding of responsibility in the process.
Secondly, we can get some work experience, such as teaching or selling practice, which is very helpful to our growth.
What's more important is that we can learn how to get along with people well and know the society better, which you can't get from the book.
Then we can improve our studies and personalities after recognize ourselves strong and weak points.
Thirdly, as we know, excellent qualifications are something essential if we want a good job in future.
So proper practice is as valuable as our academic achievement.
Finally, we can also make some money, which helps to ease families' financial burden.
However, problems may arise.
On one hand, some pupils spend too much time on part-time jobs while paying no attention to studies.
The parents worry that we may be so keen on making money that will affect our school work.
On the other hand, some guys may be cheated or hurt by strangers, because we are too young to protect ourselves.
From what I said, it's difficult to judge whether taking part-time jobs is good or bad.
As long as we deal with the relationship between working and learning well, we are sure to live a wonderful life.
Life is very interesting,some of your greatest pains become your greatest competitiveness.
It wasn't all rose and sunshine when I was growing up.Last year,when I enter the university,I wanted to be a class committee in the class,but I didn't know how to do it.My sister told me if I success ed in running for it,I could learn lots of boastful things.However ,because of the shy character ,I failed.
The teacher had writ en some names,which didn't make mention of me .At that time,I felt very depressed.
So ,I kept asking myself,the reason for failure .In the end,I learned that never,never,never give up.So,I decided to start from scratch and to keep on scratching.
This year,I success ed to be a class committee.I find that the most essential trip you'll make is when you go the entry mile.
Last mouth I became a college student.
When I went to college,I expected much for university.
As a freshman, I think we are supposed to plan to a meaningful college life.
Firstly,we should continue studying seriously.
Knowledge can change our life.
We can get scholarship by good grades.
Secondly, we can join in many activities.
Thirdly,we are supposed to read many good books.
It can broaden the horizon.
At the last, we can make many friends.
We can help each other when we encounter problems.
We can also travel on holiday and so on.
I believe everyone has a meaningful college life.
In recent years,College Graduates have difficulty in employment.An employment rate has declined.More and more college Graduates fear work finding.
The various people pay more attention to this problem.
Why College Graduates be hard to find work.
Firstly,Because most College Graduates'professional knowledge be against their work, they think it unuseful.Secondly, College Graduates reach for what is beyond one's grasp so that they will be easy to give up.Finally,I think that government don't have strong policy to deal with this problem.
To change this situation, it has some advice to solve.On the one hand,the College Graduates should open their mind.On the other hand, the government should take action to encourage College Graduates to do pioneering work.I think College Graduates's employment play an important role in social peace.
Presently, a new lifestyle called low carbon life is spreading every corner of our country.
The concepts of low carbon are low energy and no waste.
It is such a significant project that I can't wait to present my ideas on how to promote it.
From now.I'll go to school by bike or on foot instead of in a car.I'll use fewer plastic bagsto reduce white pollution.In order to save energyI'll plant more trees so that the air will be fresher.I'll take less lift and reuse water.At last l will use second-hand books.so we don't need to cut down more trees.
If everyone takes action.our enivronment will be better and better.Our world will be more beautiful.
In my opnion, the most important thing to reach the low-carbon economic is everyone must try their best do what they can do for it.Once everyone have the sence of low-carbon economic and have the action by themselves ,it will be earlier to reach it.
I'm extremely excited now ,In face of new environment of study and life ,I must make a good plan for it .
Study comes first so I should make new goals and improve my study methods.Hard will I study in the college as I do now.It is also important to learn how to live by myself .
I will join in various activities and try my best to manage the relationship with other classmates.
Second, reading on different kinds of topics can broaden our horizon.I can know about the things we don't know before and learn about the cultural differences.
Last but not least, reading can provide us with a lot of pleasure.
We will not feel lonely if we are reading an interesting book.
No matter what I will meet in the future,happiness or sorrow,keep an optimistic attitude towards life and I believe that my college life will be as colorful as planned.
From the first day in 2011,all the indoor public places will be ban smoking in China.The aim of this report is to make all the indoor public places have no smoking.The measure to do this aim is posting the no smoking signs.In fact,there are about 3.5 billion smokers.About three-forths are male and other are female.The most important is that there are 5.4 billion people influenced by the second-hand smoke.The people die of the second-hand smoke are about 100 thousands each year.
Hello!My name is S.I think your after-school activities are very interesting and my after-school activity is interesting too.But my favorite after-school activity is playing chess.I have to be ready for school.Because we have many before school routine such as:the bell rings must be in class,do not talk in the lesson.And we have many subjects such as:Chemistry,English,Geography,History,IT,Chinese,Math,Physic,PE.But my after-school routine is very good.I am often play basketball.This is my school day.I really want to know your school day.
Music is natural and sacred.
It makes our sentiment, relieve pressure, it helps people focus and makes us have the connotation of people, such a broader mind.
I have to watch listen to the music at Yale university who Craig knight's lesson, I have very deep feelings.
Professor once said to open the purpose of this course is that it can cultivate your sentiments, I want you to become connotative, more bright and broad minded person, by instilling, let you experience and profound classical music.
if a man shallows to listen to music, with ipod, mp3 download music, or listen to music in the workplace, let music around in it, does not understand its connotation, this is not to listen to music.
Listen to the music, just as its name implies, is to know the meaning of it in the process of listening, to achieve the best value.
Two of Germany's famous pianist Beethoven's music was named "the fifth symphony in C minor" and the "ninth symphony", the former reveals a trace of sorrow, deep and into the latter seem to be passionate, holy is decorous, two piece of the same author, give a person with different feelings, two completely different state.
The ninth symphony was the peak of Beethoven's late period, until today, when we heard the familiar melody, still was deeply moved by the music of the grand.
Music is like a dose of potions, the spell of us, it gives us another behavior, let us through another way to feel the secrets of the music.
Can say, I am also a music lover.
Remember once, I inspired, immediately take the flute to my house to the hallway stairs, and blew up the extremely rich jiangnan breath of spring to the X river.
Primers, increased by a weak flute, vast and full of passion, show the X river waves rolling, smoky glorious views.
Cantabile andante, notes that great enthusiasm is bold and unrestrained, the lightness of the melody, and sometimes sing like the lower back, from time to time, exciting, and very beautiful and moving, as if my eyes see a picture of a "YingChunTu".
Bernd- schneider: along with the melody, allegro, very rich hunan opera of lasting appeal, in the warm indistinctly has the drums, and has a deep feeling, and easy uninhibited, humorous and optimistic manner vividly in the flute.
Then, at the end of the lyrical form with delight, perfect ending in a string tremolo I was deeply intoxicated by the melodious flute, feel to blow out of the real music, the soothing, lively, jumping notes slowly flowing, filled with the whole heart.
Yes, music can make people young, make people enjoyable.
In my mind, I am a lucky, positive, confident, easy-going, industrious and warm-hearted girl.
My name is X.I like it very much.
I'm from N, a beautiful city in Y province.
I graduated from Z University this July, and now I am a student of Chinese academy of agricultural sciences.
My major is Animal Nutrition and Feed Science.
At first I didn't like it, but I didn't give up.
After four years of study, I like my major very much.
As is well-known to all, CAAS is one of the best schools, so I prefer to go on for further education.
It's lucky to get the help from many warm-hearted people; finally I was admitted by my ideal school.
In addition, my own hard work plays an essential role.
I believe no pains no gains, so I should work hard in the next three years.
I wish during the three years learning, I would become a professional in my field.
In my spare time, I like playing volleyball, watching English films and communicating with my friends.
I my friends view, I am a warm-hearted and easy-going girl, so do I. I often do a favor when they are in trouble.
I believe in that tomorrow is another day.
So don't worry about anything, just let it be.
I hope through my own efforts, I can make my life more colorful.
Now, I must work hard, learn my professional knowledge well and expand my horizons, only in this way can I make my dream come true.
I believe if I think I can, I can.
Nowadays there are a great deal of issues about the environment protection,people's sense of environmental protection are weaker on the condition that we can the phenomenon people cut down trees and waste the papers.Besides,when people leave the room,they always forget to turn off the lights,which can easily result in the waste of resources.
Meanwhile,every country do many efforts to protect the environment from people's destroying behaviour.Firstly,the government carried out the policy to ban to use the plastic bags,because these bags would become the white pollution,and affect our life quality.Secondly,the government also declared that private cars should obey the regulations,otherwise,they would be punished.It is effective to limit the people to waste resources .In addition,some governments organize some activities to educate people.
In sum,we should take more measures to protect our earth.So we should do it from the little things,every time we use things as fully as possible.
Napoleon was very curious as long as he saw the boat any worthy places that he would ask its use.
Einctein once said:"Everyday to understand a little mysterious things are enough,never lose the curiosity.
"This curiosity is intelligent.Creative thinkers have this curiosity,because they need to collect informations from different resources.Of course,this curiosity must be different from the curiosity of "kill the cat"The"kill the cat"curiosity is used an incorrect way to get people's ideas or secrets.So the real curiosity is only a way to get and understand the desire.
One of the primary purpose of education is to cultivate a curiosity.
"The curious point,the curious point.
"Said Alice in wonderland.Creative activity,though sometimes painful, in essence is to make people happy.A way to cultivate curiosity is starting to ask more questions.Whether in talking with others or alone in thinking.Only by curiosity,we can find the opportunity.
As we all know,the civilization is still developing now since when all variety of consciousness have come into existence in people's mind.Every step of our science and technology move forward,every step of our civilization has progress at the same time.
In the past time,we worried about how to make a life,we treated something around us cruelly,but all this just because of characters of that age.It was arduous for human beings to consider so much aspects under that circumstance.All the people dreamed of around the clock was just material.They did everything in order to get much more material wealth.What's more,people's life were so worthless in some places.Every moment ,a great deal of people get the death penalty because of various charges.However,during these years,the whole world gets a great advance,including economy,politics,culture.In one word,we defeated the cruel system of the old world and created the most democratic system in our history.People begin to pay more attention to their spirit life through these changes.They show more desire to the freedom and rights.So people become more polite and more friendly.And there is no doubt that harmony has become the main melody of the world.We are trying our best to build a perfect world such as love paradise.Every thing seems to be better and better,but I have to say,the death penalty is just like a tumour of our healthy body .We always emphasize that we should protect rights of people,but the death penalty just break our oath.Maybe we forget that the life itself is just a fundamental right of people.Life is so holy that nobody has right to end it --nobody.Although, we just use the death penalty to punish criminals ,we still can not cover in the blood of the our hands .The death penalty only shows the inhumanity of our society.It is really go against the trend of our time.And without any question,it is a step back.
civilization earlier.
The successful person I admire is Steve Jobs.
He is the CEO of Apple Corp.
He is a successful leader and innovator.
He changed the generation technology of life.
Steve Jobs were born in America San Francisco in Feburary24, 1955.
He was rejected by his parent.
A pair of good people adopted him.
When Jobs were a child, he had a great interest in electronics.
When he was 19, he left school and dreamed to have a computer.
In 1976, Jobs and his friend decided to set up a computer company.
That is Apple Crop.
Nowadays, more and more people began to use the iPhone.
People think Jobs were a genius.
Jobs died in 2011.
That is the person I admire.
My name is X.I come from Y Z.There are five people in my families,including grandparents,mom and dad,and I,I was the only girl.All the family are very fond of me,as my treasure.
However,I am not so dependent on my family,I am very independent,I have my own idea.I am swarm and loving to listen to the girl hope to make friends with me.I like to read detective novels.l am very easy to think too much,of course,I also like watching movie and listening to music.I don't like to eat pork,but I like fruit very much.Harry Porter is the best what I like to see the book,Harry not only taught me to be brave in front of difficulties,the important thing is that we have parents,we are happy,know how to Thanksgiving.The attitude isrespect.
In the university I should own my beahave first .Second ,the other importance thing is to master the knowledge.I want to be an excellent merchandiser.I must strive to.In order to achieve my goal that I will unremittingly.
From now on, I am a sophomore instead of a freshman.
So there are something on University study that I want to tell you all-- the freshmen.
As soon as you go to university, you are still a student, but much more different from you used to be.
However, there is always much spare time in the first year.
So it's really important for you to make plans about your spare time.
I am going to talk about two points about studying.
First, you'd better listen carefully to your teachers when you are in class because following your teacher's thoughts and minds can give you the way of learning.
Second, you'd better go to the library to pick up one or more books to read if you like reading.
Reading books can open your eyes and minds to the whole world, which can also learn other countries' culture, history and human civilization.
In a word, the more you learn, the better you live.
Do not waste your time on things that is boring and not useful to you.
Recently, there are some people pay attention to and talk about the TV talent shows, because the TV talent shows are more and more popular now.
Around the TV talent shows, people have a large discussion about it.
On the one hand, some people think the TV talent shows are good, but on the other hand, others people against the TV talent shows and think the TV talent is bad.
In my opinion, I think the TV talent shows not only have the good hand, but also have the bad hand.
Because in the one hand, the TV talent shows enrich the program of TV shows, can relax people's stress and enrich people's way of entertainment.
But in the other hand, the TV talent shows will mislead the youth and let them think the famous can be came true of the TV talent shows.
I think if people just watch the TV talent shows for entertainment and know how to distinguish the knowledge, the TV talent shows are also very good for us.
In recent years, with the advancement of technology, people's living standards become more convient.
Meanwhile, it also brings many environment problems which can cause various undefined diseases that might despoil people's lives.
Therefore, out of the consideration of our living condition, some people tend to do waste sorting.
For me, waste sorting is a significant thing which is related with our health, doing it can reduce the pollution to the environment and increase the recycling of waste.
In my point of view , waste sorting is a meaningful thing to reduce the squander of resource.
We can recycle wastes, such as paper, glass and plastic, can be reused after being processed in related factories, while other wastes can become valuable.
In addition, waste sorting can decrease the pollution of environment.
For example , many abandoned plastic bags and batteries can cause great harm to human beings , if we do not get much attention to waste sorting, our human beings are going to face an inevitable extinction .
All in all, waste sorting is a social activity, everybody should take the responsibility to protect our environment.
If we do more publicity to show the importance of doing waste sorting, I believe that our environment standard will be better and better.
My name is H .
I come from S ,T.I am a nineteen-year-old girl.There six peopel in my family,my parends and my gradparends,my sister and me.My sister is a middle school student I have many hobbis.The first,I like playing basketball with friends in my free time .But I do not good at it.
The second one is going shopping with boys and girls in the weekend .The last one is find some good food to eat.My dream job is work in corporation with foreign capital.I want to build my Interpersonal circle.I want to improve my skills and learn knowlegde .
My heart is like a mess.
But my tears finally can't stop.
For me, please take care of yourself.
I don't like drug.
In the past, I can recognize the drug is in terms of the history books.
The book describes the drug dependence on drugs.
In Chinese history, ever outbreak of the opium war, and drug is the cause of the war.
At that time, drug addicts lost their independent personality, ruin, eventually the body not healthy.
For the Chinese, also made a lot of money into the invaders.
So drug is terrible.
I heard someone buys a straw in the restaurant, is for the sake of drug use.
At that time, I understood that the drug is so close to me.
I have seen the man behind drug use, he looks very weak,very pale, sweating, and his appearance made me feel horrible.
I know that drugs in medicine are useful sometimes.
It can serve as anesthetics, and relieve the suffering of the patients.
But in fact in the anesthetic drug dosage is very small, not addictive.
I hope no one drug, and medicine can be developed to replace the medical drugs, medical anesthetic.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a waiter.I am a 16-year-old student and would be able during October 1st a little long holiday.
I have some experience and I enjoy working with people and am interested in a career in the catering company when I leave the senior high school.Maybe I cannot do it well at the starting,but I must be make my great efforts.Believe me!
I would be very thankful if you could send me more information about the posts available.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Nowaways,some of the collage students have unhealthy habbits,so they are having stomachache everyday,and they are send a lot of time profuse and so on.
I am thinking day-to-day,why collage students have lots of unhealthy habbits.For example,they are staying up become more and more general,hitting the slats use more and more time.They can games long time,but they spend time in learing only little.They also can eat junkfood every time,but their body became too bad.Even,the collage students having smook or drink and thinking that this behave is fashion.Perhaps,they ar solitary and they want to get happy or let others attention.They are having so much unhealthy habbits,because they are lazy or not time to rest.They not only do not know they have some unhealthy habbits,but also let it continue.
In my opinion,collage students loosed their confident and drame,using decadent and misty instead it.They need advantagesat this stage in spite of resulting in the future.So collage students have good habbits is very importent.
It's likely to be thought that diet we choose have nothing to do with environment.But from now on ,we have to change this idea.The kind of diet we choose is concerned with our environment.
If most of us choose meat-based diet,a body of animals will be supplied.And then,it requires vast resources to raise feed shelter transport process and package them slaughted.Besides,grazing and growing food for animals take up vast land so that it results in topsoil loss and waste of resource.Furthermore,animals wastes pollute the well,river and so on.These phenomena have an impact on our nomal life.The last but not least,methane comes from livestock play an important role in global warming and ozone layer depletion.
From the earth,we can draw a conclusion that diet is related to our environment.Hence we ought to choose a healthy diet so as to protect our environment.
I have some bad habits.I always to get up late,and I never drink milk,I think milk is very bad.I usually watch TV at least 5 hours a week,and I often eat junk food.But I have some good habits,too.I eat fruit 5 times a week.I read books every day.I hardly ever play computer games,but I often use the Internet for study.Oh,I sometimes go shopping.
In recent years ,driving private cars has been increasingly popular with the improvement of peoples living standard.
However,considering environment ,maybe it is not a good news.Therefore,government agencies in some big cities intend to put a "pollution tax"on private cars which has caused quite a stir among public.Some people believe that it is an effective way to reduce air pollution,while others do not think so.
As for me,private car owners should be taxed for pollution.
At first ,conducting the "pollution tax"policy is a good way to draw more peoples attention to the environment ,which plays a fundamental part in reducing pollution.
Futhermore,under the pressure of "pollution tax",people will try their best to limit the use of private cars and support public transportation.
This can bring direct and positive influence to environment .
I believe with the "pollution tax"policy, people will realize the importance of environment protection and take it seriously.
Then ,almost all private car owners even all people are likely to take actions to join in the line of environment protection.
With the rapid development of economy and the remarkable improvement of people ,it is the environmental problem that arouses wide public concern.In our country,the air pollution is the most severe one.The reasons are followed.
Firstly,there are some factories exhaust emissions which violate effluent standards.Secondly,due to the technology,the sulfur dioxide and other poisonous gas are exhausted easily.Last but not least,the government doesn't realize the importance of the environment.
Fortunately,there are some people advocating us trying to solve the problem to protect our environment.To our delight ,some scientists devote themselves to reforming and improving the technology.More specifically,many factories with low productivity are forced to close.
As a matter of fact,the solution of air pollution is not a man can do but all of us.For government,they should issue more policies to provide standars; for community groups,they can set a good example for people by doing something environmentally -friendly;While for individuals,they should undertake their obligation to make a contribution,for example,taking bus instead of driving car.
I'm a director of the school English department,and we need a student as an English editor just yet.
In theory this job mainly includes two parts.
One is to choose articles from the English newspapers and the Internet;two is to choose and edit students' articles.
It would be much better if you have some in particular skills.
For example,devot your tine to classmate and you can use the computer and type fast.
It's necessary for anyone to be good at fine art.
Anyone who is interested in the job please contact the students' Union within this week.
It is widely accepted that to work independently has the obvious advantage that it can prove one's ability.
However, I believe that teamwork is more important in the modern society and teamwork sprit has become a required quality by more and more companies.
In the first place, we are situated in a complicated society and we often encounter tough problems that are beyond our ability.
It is especially at this moment that teamwork proves to be exceedingly important.
With the help of the team, these problems can be solved easily and quickly, which could improve work efficiency.
In the second place, teamwork provides a chance to cooperate with workmate, it will make a friendly and enjoyable work environment, which is an important factor influencing employees' belief in the company as a good workplace.
Finally, teamwork contributes to the prosperity of the companies.
With all workmates' knowledge combined, the companies possess high work efficiency and an ability to deal with whatever problems.
As a result, the companies can make more profits and develop more quickly.
In sum, teamwork is very important, no one could live individually, they must rely on others in some way.
Hence, work together could make life easier.
The meaning of life is not only living, but also to be triumphant.
To be triumphant is extremely difficult.
The road to success is beset with numerous hurdles.
So we need many personal qualities in order to overcome the difficulties and go through the hardships.
Some people need the quality of determination; some need the quality of optimism, while I need the quality of confidence, diligence and modesty.
The first stroke is half the battle, and it is the same with confidence.
If one owns the quality of confidence, he is nearly half success.
When Ozawa Seiji, one of the world's most famous conductors made his first appearance in the New Year's Day concert in Vienna, he did not wince at the huge crowd which was unknown to him; instead he impressed the audience with his matchless self-confidence.
If he had no confidence and held back, he could not finish conducting the symphony orchestra, let alone being successful.
So it is vital to gain the quality of confidence which is a key to success.
Success waits on hard work.
Seldom can anyone be successful without perspiration.
Chinese well-known writer, ideologist and critic Lu Xun said, "There is hardly any genius in the world.
Lu Xun is a man of great industry.
He devoted himself to writing.
Due to his diligence, many famous novels and essays were written such as Diary of a Madman and Small Florals And Miniatures.
Without being diligent, Lu Xun could not write so many articles and became well-known.
So diligence is another significant personal quality I need to be successful.
When we make some progress no matter in working or studying, we should not become self-satisfied in that success is still a long way off.
Modesty keeps one aware of the situation he is in and makes one be well prepared for the future.
Sometimes I got conceited when I got a high test score.
I would become exceedingly excited and even refused to listen to the teacher which had bad effect on me.
So one who wants to be successful in the future should always be modest.
And I must try to gain this quality in order to succeed.
If one individual nurtures a good quality, he will get lifetime benefit.
So I will try my best to gain confidence, diligence and modesty.
Not only will these qualities make it feasible for me to succeed, but also will benefit me in daily life.
They will help me make friends and gain much respect.
Dear Mr or Madam.
I'm a common college student from XX university.Moved by the noble goal of Project Hope,I would like to contribute my bit to the project by offerring financial aid to a child in remote area.
I would appreciate it if you could do me a favor and help to recommend a little girl who has just start schooling and can not afford the tuition.My plan is to support her by taking responsibility of all her cost on education until she finnish her 9-year compulsory education.I prepare to remit my donation directly to her bank account If possible.Other means ,of course,is preferable if it is convenient for her.
To help a child to realise his school dream is always what I'm desiring to do.And I totally believe that this is a well-shared dream of the whole society.
Having heard about that you will come to take a part in our class to study with us in next term,we felt very happy and excited.
Thinking about you have never been to Tianjin before,I sum up a group of notes for you to live in Tianjin .
The climate in Tianjin is very easy to adapt.It cold in winter but not frozen and the summer in Tianjin is a bit long and hot.But the spring and autumn are short and the weather in then are always pleasant.
There are many delicious food in Tianjin specially which concluded in our breakfast menu.I convinced you will fall in love with them.
In the end,of course,every student in our class has a golden heart and our teachers are kind as well so you needn't worry about meeting problems in your study life in there.
We are looking forward to your coming deeply.
