I tried all my best in senior 3 just wanted to go to a good college, and finally I get it.
From this we can know that such bad a man like me could achieve success when I start hard, so I think all of us can realize our desires as long as we pay our efforts and try our best to do it and don't give up.
There are many other examples, Edison who invented the light failed thousands of times before he succeed, he did tens of thousands of experiments just for finding the most suitable material to make the filament, finally he succeed, and became a world famous man.
Nobel, the world famous chemist, did millions of chemistry experiments for his research, and many times he almost be killed by the experiment explode, but he did't give up under the scary of death, he persistent to do it and not surprise, he succeed.
The another woman Madame Curie also experienced many troubles before she discover the chemical element radium, especially when her husband died, she had to do other work to feed her children when she still did experiment to discover the chemical element radium, so you can think how difficult it was for her, but she did't give up, she tried all her best and she succeed, she became a famous woman and rescued thousands of people.
Nothing is difficult in the world if you put your heart into it, I believe that as long as we put our heart in, and never give up, try our best to do it, we will succeed and realize our dreams.
Winter had passed and spring followed closed,so the year after.
Then suddenly one day find my parents old,	I only realized I should take care of my parents.
I love most my father.
I like a person for a walk.
Every time I going walk in a silent path, I often think about my childhood.
When I was young , my home very worse .So my father had to go up the mountain to sell some snacks for raising our family and my father often spent two day on the mountain.when my father went woke,I was very worried about my father and hoped him back because it was not safe to the mountain, I think that this feeling I will never forget .With the time going by, my parents getting old .
My parents for home pay their life .
Although your life very ordinary, but it is reflected in love .
I love my parents forever.
There is my school.
There are thirty-three classrooms in my school.
My school is on the fourth floor.
There is on the first floor.
There are eight classrooms.
There is a music room.
There is a infirmary.
There are seven teacher's office.
There are two toilets.
They are on the first floor.
There is on the second floor.
There are eight classrooms.
There are eight Teacher'coffice.
There are two toiletsThere is an Art room .
They are on the second floor.
There is on the third floor.
There are nine classrooms.
There is a Science room.
There are eight Teacher's office.
There are two toilets.
They are on the third.
There is on the fourth floor.
There are eight classroom .
There is a printing room.
There is many Teacher's office.
There are two toilets.
There is a music room.
They are on the fourth floor.
There is a piayground beside the teacher building.
There is my school.
I am writing to agree with the views that Mr.Andrews depressed last week.
Animals are the same as our humans,and they also have the rights to be free.
They belong to the nature but not the cages in the circus.
It's selfish to force them to do the stunts just for fun and the commercial profit.
We all know that these things are unnatural and vary from the law of nature.So why don't we give them freedom?
In my point of view,circus show is cruel to the animals,so I don't want the circus to perform in our town, and I appeal for sending the animals back to the nature.
Mobile phone has been playing an increasingly important role in our life.It has brought a lot of benefits but has created some serious problems as well.It is obvious to us that people always bring the mobile phone.Recently the problem of use the mobile phone in the library has been brought into focus.
phone is crude in public place.
As far as in my poinion,I think that restrict mobile phone in the library is necessary.The library is a good place for us to gain knowledge.People need a quiet environment to read books.we should take some effective measures to solve the problem of use the mobile phone in the library.
We can see that the teacher hope students reading literature seriously from the picture.
Nowadays,With the development of science and technology,more and more people enjoy downloading all sorts of novel through the phone.In addition to,people spend lots of time to play computer games and shopping online.
Less and less time reading books.
As far as I'm concerned, I seldom pay attention to what the meaning of literary works .In fact,it is very important that we read literature.
A large number of literary works is based on the era background and creation.So literature can not only broaden our horizons, but also can cultivate our sentiment.What's more,that literature can help us improve the quality of our own.When we real see the meaning of works ,we can obtain kownledge through our own .
So reading the literature is a compulsory course in life.As an college student ,I think we can read lots of literature deeply in our spare time.
Don't be too quick to finish reading, To savor the meaning of the works, is that we look at things more thoroughly.
"It is never too old to learning "that means we should learn every day.
When we were six years old age, we begin to get education at school .In the passed twelve years.
We learn English , math ,science ,history .But that doesn't means that we know how to study .the person who really good at study ,also pay attention to efficiency.
So they can spend less time studying and learning with experience.What's more they also can get more time to enjoring themself .
Someone who do not kown how to study, they may be spend more time to set in the chair than those people who kowns learning with experience .
So I hold the view that it's be more important for us that we should learning with experience .
The way of learning in Chinese is striking different from that in American .Chinese teachers usually teach by holding hands,while American educators give more to creativity.
Firstly,Chinese teachers usually teaching students how to do something.For example,when Benjamin tried to place the key into the slot,Chinese people would hold his hand and guide it directly toward the slot and help to insert it .In addition,Chinese people are fearful that if skills are not acquired early,they may never be acquired.For example ,when Chinese children as young as 5 or 6 were painting flowers ,fish and animals with the skill and confidence of an adult;calligraphers 9 and 10 years old were producing works that could have been displayed in a museum.In a word,young Chinese are almost inseparable from the tradition,but,over time,possibly evolving to a point equally original .However , westerners give children more alternatives to explor ,students are learned to accomplished the task by themselves ,Benjamin's parents don't care about whether he can succeed place the key into the slot or not ,they only care about he has a good time and was explode.Beside ,western people believe unless creativity has been promoted early,it may never emerge and skills can be picked up later .In Beniamin's case ,even though Benjamin could not success in searched the key into the slot ,he learned how to solute the problem by himself .All in all,young westerners making their boldest departures first and then gradually mastering the tradition.
In my opinion ,the fostering of skills and creativity are both worthwhile goals,we can gather a superior way to approach education by striking a better balance between the poles of creativity and basic skills.
China is an old country.
Chinese culture has become merged in the blood of Chinese nation.
I think we should protect our culture, start from now, learn some cultural practices.
For example, now some people worship foreign too much.
But even if you learn to the foreign so etiquette habit, still can't change you are Chinese.
Feng Xiaogang a well-known director suggested the return of 50-200 traditional Chinese characters to schools.
Hearing the news, I am very happy.
Learning traditional Chinese characters really helps students understand the traditional culture of our country.
Traditional Chinese beauty should be experienced by learning and writing.
Contain the essence of the wisdom of Chinese ancestors.
I sincerely hope that one day our class will appear traditional Chinese characters.
I believe that most of the students think so.
In modern unniversity learning, most of university have been asked students to learn practical cause.
some facts that students need more practical experience to make a living than theoretical skills, with the development of society, people almost focus on practical capability.
Undoubtedly, theory is guiding us to reach the top aspects, it is also important for students to learn, it is convinced all the facts.
But i am strongly in favor of practical couses should be paid more attention to it than the theoretical causes.
Whoever gets some help and love from another in this world.
I grow up in parents love.
So parents are the men I love most in my life.
My mother is a tender lady.
The food that she makes is very delicious.
She like to sing a song for me when I am about to sleep.
She also is a good listener.
Whatever I say she always listens quietly.
My father is a forgiving man.
He is easy to get along with.
I love to talk with him.
He makes me know many things.
For example: honest.
brave.
generous.
hard-study.
It is my parents that teach me what love is.
The world becomes more beautiful because of them.
I really love them very much.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
It is usually in January or February every year,but not on the same day.
We usually have 7 days holiday.
Before the Spring Festival,we usually clean the room and buy something to get ready for Spring Festival.
On the day before the Spring Festival,we usually have a big dinner with dumplings among families.
While we are waiting for the coming of the Spring Festival,we usually talk about and watch a special programme on TV.
As soon as it is 12 o'clock,we shout loudly"Happy Spring Festival",we often set off the firework to celebrate it.
On the day of the Spring Festival,we usually get up early to visit friend or do something else.
The children often get lucky money from parents and I think it is interesting.
As we all know,the cigarette is harmful to our health.Smoking is a terrible habit.Cigarette hold many harmful and deadly substances.
Although smoking is a bad thing,many teenagers are smoking.Actually,hearing this ,these teenagers understand the harm of smoking.Due to their curiosity,they start to study to smoke, and they feel normal.Slowly,they have ignored their body.In fact,these are horrible.Because smoking would harm their health and life.Every year,many persons'die is caused by smoking in the world.So smoking is an extremely horrible thing.
For smoking,I feel very bad.Not only smoking is harmful to our health,but also cigarette is expensive.We shouldn't have the habit of smoking.We should have a healthy life.
We take a holiday of 7 days because of the National Day.
In the holiday I went to visit the Beijing with my friend.
It was very boring when staying in the bus for a long time and the people too much.
Everybody inside, in the original discount, launched a series of promotional activities.
Street sea, but also rank long car buying service, the fight must wait for long periods.
I was there for two days.
Then go home and spend the next holiday.
At home I usually get up at 8:00 in the morning.
Then I will watch the news with my parents.
After breakfast I usually go fishing with my father.
My father love gose fishing very much.
We usually go home late.
I know a lot of people want to go out to travel in holiday.
Hope to give yourself false.
But I don't think so.
I think with parents together so good.
First it too many people go out to travel in holiday and actually if you go out too you'r travel will not be good.
Second you go to school or to work all time,you must no time with parents,It's not good.
So if you have time with you parents more time.
You parents will be happy.
If you choose to travel please remember safety first.
Take care of your belongings.
And Civilized travel.
This is very important.
National Day is a happy holiday, really raising people's living standards rapidly.
In her mother's embrace of the motherland, happiness to grow and wish the motherland mother always beautiful, always prosperous and wish the motherland has become more prosperous and developed.
I came to China to take part in an activity called Experience China.Now I live with my classmate's in her house.There are lots of interest things that I want to share with you.Let me tell you what I saw and thought in China.
In China,I studied with my Chinese new friends on weekdays.We communicated with each other when we couldn't solve some problems by ourselves.After class,we'd like to play sports together,such as basketball and football.
On weekends,I visited a number of places of interest in Beijing.we also tasted delicious food when we were watching Peking Opera to know about Chinese history.
Because it was the Spring Festival when I came to China,I celebrate the important Chinese festival with my classmate by having dumplings.
I tnink live in China is really interesting,I love China and it's lifestyle.So I am fond of livng here in future.How about you?Do you fall in love with China by my description?
With the aged tendency of population in China ,Delay retirement becomes a controversial topic in our country.
First of all,Delay retirement may make the employment pressure increases, more and more young people are unable to get a job.So part of people because no work, will become a part of receiving unemployment insurance benefits and increase the burden on society.
Secondly,Delay retirement can not make it rigidly uniform industry regardless of the situation, such as the medical industry, not mandatory retirement, must scientific decision.
In addition to these concerns,I think the implementation of the Delay retiremen is difficult.
Because of the large population and different situation in China,Delay retiremen will face many difficult problems ,There may be corrupt, some local differences, unfair and so on.
In a word,In China, extending the retirement age is impossible in the near future.
Delay retirement is likely to increase the employment pressure in China, but lead to social instability and Influence of social efficiency,The conditions for Delay retiremen in our country now are not ripe.It will be a long discussion and argumentation.
As we know, we have many amusements to choose today, such as watching TV, surfing the Internet, seeing the films.
There are many ways to entertain ourselves, but many people still like to watch TV.
Because we can watch TV drama or TV shows, listen to the news or the weather forecast on TV.
Recently more and more people have been keen to watch the talent show, so more and more TV stations hold it.
We have the different views on TV talent shows.
However, in my opinion, just as any coin has two sides, the question being discussed here is no exception.
Firstly, Holding the shows provide big stages for talent person who want to show themselves.
And they can fight for their dreams.
Secondly, after working or studying a whole day, many workers and students would like to watch the shows that are active, creative and entertaining better.
On the contrary, above all, some talent people who join it may waste their time, but get nothing.
And then, they probably want to become famous overnight.
It is a bad social conduct.
In a word, we should correct the view of the TV talent shows.
I was a spring pig, from many indications, knowing that I would be butchered at cold winter.
I just ate and slept, sometimes wandered in the yard around the apple tree.
I accepted my fate calmly, but one thing changed it all---I was totally sick.
In the first few days, I only felt a little uncomfortable.
I thought it was because of the wet weather, so I didn't pay attention to it and slept on the sawdust.
The next day, however, something seemed to be wrong (I had no appetite), therefore, I didn't appear at the trough for my supper.
At the same time, my owner noticed that something wrong with me.
Fred (the old dachshund) told me that our owner called someone to seek help to cure me.
Then I stretched out in the sawdust inside the building and waited him come to cure me.
After about an hour, the owner didn't come.
I thought he might be too busy to treat me.
The sawdust made me feel uncomfortable, so I walked to the yard and stood there listlessly.
Then I saw the owner and his son come with a small bottle of oil and a length of clothesline.
I didn't know what would they do, but I looked forward to being treated.
They came in and his son reached down, grabbed my front legs, upset me quickly.
I was afraid and opened my mouth to scream.
Suddenly, I felt something like oil turned into my throat.
I was choked, so I screamed to accuse my pain.
But it seemed nobody noticed, and then I released my legs and righted myself.
Maybe my eyes were full of disgust and hatred, I didn't hate my owner but the way he treated me.
When he scratched me gently, I remained quiet and forgave him.
He parted the bristles with his finger, as to confirm something.
After doing those things, he went away.
I felt more uncomfortable, but I couldn't do anything to comfort myself.
I lay in the yard, listening to Fred.
He told me various funny stories, but I was so tired that I didn't discuss with him.
When it was already dark outside, I went inside and slept though the sawdust perplexed me.
Nearly midnight, I felt someone touched me and walked around me.
A few hours later, I vomited under the apple tree.
I felt a positive revulsion to food, even didn't want to eat.
I considered wether I would die or not, the owner seemed to be depressed.
He abandoned the oil and began to treat me through the colonic carnival.
Before he used the enema to me, Fred tasted and told me it was effective.
Therefor, I stood quietly.
The enema, on the contrary, made me feel more sick.
On that evening, a man and a girl came to my pigpen.
The man took a rectal reading and it seemed nothing wrong.
Then he ran his hand slowly over my stomach and at one point I cried out in pain.
The treatment I had got for two days was repeated.
I was so hungry and tired that I had no power to resist.
The next day, the owner brought me some cool fresh water.
Although I was loss my appetite, I still wanted to eat something inside of crave food.
I drank a few sips but no more, I didn't have the strength to stand there.
I felt live was leaving me slowly, but I couldn't change that.
In my final moments, I was companied by Fred and the apple tree.
The college life was a beautiful dream before I went to college.
I try to make sense in the university.
For my part ,the meaningful college life is to do something I like.I make reasonable arrangements for learning and playing time.I am supposed to enrich my college life.
studying always plays an major role in life.Besides it,I take part in some clubs to open the eyes to outside world.I try to be an volunteer that can help somebody in my community.
I keep an positive and optimistic attitude in the face of college life to make my college life meaningfully.
When the people pay more attentions to education, exam cheating has become increasingly serious.
More and more student plagiarize, which cause people attention widely.
As we know, exam cheating will bring a lot of bad effects.
Bad influence mainly in the following aspects.
Firstly, cheating will cause an unfair competition phenomena, it is likely to cause discord between many students.
Secondly, it is most crucial that the behavior of cheating in examinations is not honest.
Finally, if cheating in exams, which cause you can not acquire real knowledge, so that you can not satisfy the needs of the society when graduated.
In summary, it is very necessary to avoid cheating in exams.
As far as I am concerned, no pains no gains, our results should be our effort to get, rather than coping with someone else come.
To stop cheating on examination, this can create a fair learning environment, so that we can learn to quiet down and achieve better results as well as acquires more knowledge.
Last but not least, it is necessary for us to stop cheating, we can do an honest man, which is fundamental in life.
Since i came to the Jinyuan senior high school, i have been holding positions of class and youth league union.
i also have done some pragmatic work for the university and our schoolmates.
during the last competition for student union.
as a result, he was bold to stay for the position.
to day, i would like to let everyone know that i hope that i will be kept for the position.
even though i fail, i won't leave quietly and angrily out of spite because i am a member of the school.
As to me .
if i elect successfully.i will go to collect the everyone's advice to the work of the student union .
then through the analysis and summary.
i will draw a programe to the work.while do my best to do it well.
in a word believe me while belive yourself.give me a chance then gain a miracle of us!
The increasing number of people are used to smoking.Even in middle school,smoking is becoming popular.If you ask them why they smoke?They may be answer smoking helps thinking.They believe smoking will provide some inspiration.Smoking will help them solve problems easily.
But according to science research,the action of smoking can make us relax.We don't need to real smoke.And when in quiet situation,we also can think as soon as possible without cigarette.Smoking not only can't help thinking,but also it does harm to people healthy.Cigarette contains some harmful material,such as nicotine,tar etc.They can lead to cancer.
In my view of opinion,smoking doesn't have effect on thinking.And it will damage our body.We can use coffee instead of smoking.It not only help think,but also damage little.
The volunteering spirit has spread among the people in recent years, especially among young people.
Volunteering is of tremendous benefits to both those in need and society.
They come from different country and different family.
Nevertheless they have identical objective that help these people who need help.
Hundreds of thousands of volunteers play an active role in African quake-hit areas.
And they contribute daily necessaries, offer medical help and psychological help to the disaster relief work.
These volunteers to departure from home mean new began to African refugees.
They can't resisted helping those people when they got to this destination.
The refugees are poor and hungry.
The lack of food to decrease their weight.
May not be able to connect them with modern society.
Theses volunteers gave some food, water and clothes to refugees.
Then they teach them to read and write; take pictures with them.
Of course, they played with children.
These objections of volunteer are useful to thrift food.
I sincerely hope that everyone would join the volunteering work.
It is not only good to our society, but also a chance for us to grow and to learn.
Too much population is an important problem.
Here are some points.
The first problem is materials less.Too much population will make the food.water as well as energy less and less.
Traffic problem is the second one.
Too many people will have too many cars.There will be plenty of traffic accidents.
It's dangerous.
The houses problem is also secious.Many people won't have place to live in.
Too much population means that many people have to go to jobs,but some people will lose their jobs as well.
The environment is a problem ,too.
Bad environment is harm to our health.
In a word, too much population will cause more and more problems.
So we should try our best to chenge them.
It's Friday morning in the year 2025.I see the world is very beautiful.The world is very diffident.There many things I have never see.I see the plane is transparent people like sit a roller coaster.Peoples houses can move around the houses must be a robot.I can play the intelligent mobile phone,don't have to charge.we can go to the fire earth make alien with best friends.The rockets are see common.I can live in the Earth science.It's let me see we are people is very clever.
We are pleased to inform you that under our sales confirmation No.J-29 of the goods shipped by S.S."Pearl".And shipped by S.S."Mayflower" in Hong Kong.This series in cost and freight price.We sent the fax to you on March 15,2013,easier for you insure in time.
There are four seasons in a year,and the Spring and Autumn are my favorite's.I think most of the people like me,who can't enjoy the Summer and Winter.There is no doubt that the Summer is too hot and the Winter is freezing.Only the Spring and Autumn's temprature are suitable.Spring is the warm season.The plants are luxuriant,and the ground is covered with tender grasses.The birds sing out of the window when we take classes.Everything is so beautiful in Spring.The Autumn is coming after the hot summer.Going outside and have a picnic is the most popular activity in the Autumn.
my name is Z and l am 19 years old.
Born in Y province.l am an active.lovely and clever girl.
Different people have different hobbies.such as dancing and so on.my hobby is reading.l think reading can enich my knowledge so l usually go to library ,l want to study more knowledge by myself.l believe that if you try your best ,everything can be done well.In the part time,unlike many other girls, l'm quite good at playing computer games which names LOL.playing computer games can make me relax.l love playing computer games with my friends.
In my high school, I started thinking about the problem.
I remember my Chinese teacher entitled "facing the world, into the future" speech.
I think people should keep the passion every day, trying to stick to their ideals, even if tomorrow's a long way, and nights sleeping on the streets.
I believe that everyone is expected to become more and more excellent, the pursuit of a better quality of life inward looking, in between to find a comfortable way of life.
We need to feel the great mountains and rivers of the country, experience different regional customs, human suffering and human feelings.
We need to read some books, and let your mind escape from reality, and more profound.
In this way, when you settle down, we won't feel empty.
Alive, and what needs to be done yourself proud.
When we walked into a field, we need to use a most pious heart to face, people treat it as a most revered, although this will be a little nervous, but only so that their potential will be inspired by the best, the only way to experience the fun and feel the meaning of life.
Maybe the living environment of everyone is different, and everyone's pursuit is also different.
In today's information age, we should as far as possible lives of carries a distant dream to build from the present.
The importance of theoretical knowledge to one's success is a matter for debate.
Some of those who have already been successful do not ascribe their success to their theoretical knowledge.
Far from viewing theoretical knowledge as the essential facet of one's success, I hold that the success entails your professional knowledge, and that's the reason why instead of learning more theoretical knowledge, a large amount of students in the university eager to join in the student union.
Actually, the success of an individual person is due great part to the relationship with other people.
Because all human beings have a gregarious instinct, an individual life will become merged into the universal life, which means that the relationship impact our life a lot.
For instance, a merchant cannot be successful if he cares nothing about interpersonal communication, even if he graduates from school of management in Harvard.
In another aspect, theoretical knowledge is still worth learning if you want to be an engineer or scientist.
Obviously, it is impossible for Hawkins to be a physicist if he doesn't know more about the cosmos than others.
Furthermore, to be an engineer or scientist still requires the basic skill of communicating, or you couldn't know the development of the area you devote to.
All in all, different jobs emphasize different abilities.
If your job calls for your theoretical knowledge, then learn more about your subject.
If not, learn more communication skill from other people.
not, learn more communication skill from other people.
Happiness is the kind of well-being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.
Happiness is a candle in gloomy night to warming people's heart.
Happiness is a ship at open sea to giving people aim.
Happiness is a delicious meal when people in hungry which can give people hope.
For me, happiness not only depends on material, but also relys on mental.
Not only material stuff can make people feel happy, it only can call satisfaction.
If we compare material things to fish, the mental stuff are like water.
Fish can not leave without water.
From my experience, my parents always told me that they were happy when they were young no matter how poor they were.
They didn't have any toys, any beautiful clothing or any delicious food when they memorized of their childhood.
But they just felt happy.
They could play in ditches, go climbing or do everything they want together.
They felt happy only because they were out of pressure.
On the contrary, now, we can get almost everything in material, but few people can say we are happy.
We take responsibility for parents' or family's dreams.
Parents hope we can make their dreams come true.
They began to train interests for us, never considered about our feelings.
The only thing they thought is these things can create more wonderful life when we grow up.
Well, the question is we are not happy.
We have few things to look back when we get old.
Consequently, happiness based on mental deeply.
We feel happy when we get a gift from our lover(s), because it represents that they care about us from the gift not owing to the present itself.
We feel happy when we get high marks, because it represents that we show our capacity from the mark not thanks to the mark itself.
We feel happy when we get prizes, because it represents that we harvest people's ratification nit because of the prize itself.
Material things are only kind of media to convey the feelings of.
Happiness will be associated with life quality and attitude.
Like everybody knows our life is limited, we need or we should enjoy our life, no matter what difficulties we will come up against.
We need to inscribe the word 'Happiness' in our own dictionary.
And remember the happiest thing we have is we are alive.
Based on this we can create more happiness.
As we all know,love is always around us,such as parents'love friends' love.Maybe I am unaware of them sometimes.When I feel lonely, Iwill realize love around me,then I feel happy and cheer.Someone told me'giving is more important than having'.Afterwards I start to share my love to other people.
for example, I will help my friends when they are in troule, I will care for my parents if they are sad.Love is essential important!
When I was doing work for the college entrance examination ,I began to dream my future life in my college.
Usually,our high school teachers would tell us that we could become more relaxed than high school if we can pass the text.
Especially when we sometimes give up on our study.Wow,maybe the university would take more relaxing time for us.
What's more,we would meet so many people whom came from other cities.As a fresh student ,we have enough time to join in clubs and students'organization.The university get a stage for us to show ourselves,improve our pool ablity.In my mind,the university is a small social,which could make us grow.
The charm of the university make us feel so lucky.We will have a pleasant time of it in four years at university.My university is my life!
There are many things which make a teacher great and they can not all be defined.However I have always considered some qualities essential.
As far as I am concerned,a good teacher is one who can connect with his or her students.
A teacher who merely enters a classroom, stands there for an hour, reads aloud or dictates from a textbook, and leaves the classroom hurriedly when the school bell rings, is not really a good teacher.
A teacher should be able to strike the right chord with his or her students.
He or she should be able to feel the atmosphere of the classroom and adjust or modify his or her teaching style or mode accordingly.
Maintaining the interest among the students regarding the subject being taught is really important.Besides,communication is vital for anyone with a teaching job to succeed at his or her place of work.
A teacher should be both, effective as well as efficient when it comes to communicating with his or her students.
Lack of communication skills will only end up with students either not understanding the subject matter at all, or understanding it incorrectly which is equally bad, if not worse.
In a word,all good communicators may not be good teachers, but all good teachers are always good communicators.Moreover,humility is an important quality of a good teacher and unfortunately, a quality that one gets to see very rarely.
A teacher with a I-know-it-all attitude will no doubt impart all his knowledge to the students, but rarely will he gain the respect or the affection of the students.
On the contrary, a teacher who, when in doubt, does not hesitate to admit his or her lack of expertise on the subject matter and is open to reverse learning,for example,learning a thing from the students itself,will no doubt go down well with the students.Last but not least,the biggest factor that differentiates between 10 average teachers and 1 great teacher is that all great teachers are people who teach simply because they love doing so.
It isn't about the money, or the prestige, or about earning the respect of their students, or anything else.
It is all about the love for teaching.It has always been that way, and it always will.
To conclude,a job as a teacher is not easy by stretch of the imagination.
Becoming a teacher does require the fulfillment of certain academic qualifications, but becoming a good teacher requires something much more than that.
I'm glad to tell you that the relaxing time is coming because our final exam is over.
So I want to invite you to have a picnic with me this weekend.
We can go to south mountain to enjoy the beautiful scene at the same time.
And the only thing you should do is to take some food you like with a bottle of water.
Please tell me if you want.
It is great that golden week is coming, maybe this golden week probably frustrated all people who are busy in road, during this golden week ,a new world appears--golden porridge.
People describe this golden week as golden porridge, the traffic is the busiest traffic in history of golden week.
Several factors contribute to this trend.
There are several reasons responsible for this instance, and following are typical ones.
For one thing, the high way is free from charge during the golden week.
This lead to a large traffic jam in high way.
For another, many scenic spots decrease the price of tickets, in addition, this golden week is the longest golden week in the history of golden week.
Visitors have enough time to have a good relax; sometimes all members of a family will go out.
As far as I am concered chinese people are more and more richer, almost all willing to spend much money on go sightseeing.
In order not to make golden week become golden porridge, I have some good suggestions.
For example, increasing the price of ticket and charging for money when passing highways are good things.finally.we shoud realize that if we want ti travel .we had better do it in other time instead of golden week.
Reading literary works can helps to improve our culture, increase our knowledge, improve our aesthetic ability, let us be more confident, temperament, depth, is an indispensable nutrient agent.
In my opinion through these literary works, let us have a correct outlook on life.
It can let us know goodness, evil.
Let us to have a better understanding of the world.
At the same time, some literary works can make us better understanding of history.
In our life,we often have a different opinion from others.As the time,we are often difficult to choose.The first one,we can persist in our opinions and persuade other people to agree us.The second one,we can respect the opinions of the most of people.
If me,I will choose the second one.
One day,we have a sports meet.I told classmates how we could win.But many classmates againsted me.They had a better way.At that time,I thought that many classmates had a same way and they would have a same effort direction.Maybe it was good to behave.So I respected them.To our everybody exciting,we had a good result,we won at last.
So,in my opinion,when I have a different opinion,I will respect the opinion of the most of people.It is good to unite.
He's a friend of mine named Hu.
We first met in primary school as classmates, but we had just remained acquaintances at that time without much conversation.
Our relationship came to a pause as we went to different middle schools.
 years later, it reached a new page as we reunited in the same class of a high school, and it didn't take long before we became good friends.
Hu isn't of much height, and is a little overweight.
He's got a pair of glasses on his face, which to some degree indicates his intelligence as well as his wisdom.
He always wears plain clothes as he emphasizes that it's the quality of inner side of a person rather than the clothes that counts.
Hu's fond of basketball and he plays with our classmates every other day.
Strong and skillful, he's always the leader of his team.
And he's also developed a great interest in Chinese history and traditional literature since an early stage of his life, as he usually reads a book about these in his leisure time while others in his age will simply spend our time on PC games or parties.
He's a reliable person with resourceful intelligence and wisdom.
Every time I've come to the dilemma where I need to make a decision, I'll turn to him for help, whose constructive decisions usually prove to be of critical help eventually.
And whenever he gives comments on the current affairs, he has his own exclusive opinions, which perhaps to some extent has shaped others'-mine included-thoughts.
On the other hand, however, intelligent and wise as he is, it doesn't seem to help him in his academic career, as he often struggles to approach the average point of the class.
Once a dozen of our classmates were hanging on the streets talking and laughing when suddenly a group of young people came close to us, seeming to be attempting to find fault with us.
They were apparently hostile and aggressive, and we all didn't know what to do.
Hearing this, we all run towards the same direction, except him.
When I turned around, he was running in the opposite way as us, trying to scatter the group's attention.
At that time, the figure of his back seemed so strong that I felt hard to recognize who that was.
But fortunately, we were told that he was fine the next day at school, as the group didn't trouble themselves in chasing after him.
After graduation from high school, we were obliged to go on separate ways again.
I stayed in Wuhan where I had been living for nearly 20 years, while he left the city for Hainan.
However, our friendship will never end.
We keep in touch with each other via the Internet, and we gather with some friends during vacations after he comes back.
Even today, when I come across some difficulties, I will still seek for his advice before taking action.
And perhaps we will be friends for a lifetime.
The argument whether high grades indicate high ability has lasted for quite a long time.
Until now, people will agree that there is some relation between grades and ability , but no one can make sure whether high grades will lead to high ability or not.
Some think that grades can reflect students' ability in their academic pursuit.
The higher their grades, the smarter they must be.
Otherwise, the system of matriculating will neglect students' entrance score and the entrance examination will be abandoned.
In the competition for grades, it is hard to be a winner and easy to be a loser.
Students with high grades are respected.
On the contrary, other people hold different opinions.
They think that high grades don't necessarily mean superior ability.
The so called top students sometimes are very low in solving practical problems such as fixing a machine or installing an appliance.
They are often called book -worms.
However, the so called low students may show their intelligence in a special field.
Han Han is an example.
He is a senior high school student who cannot pass the examinations in several subjects.
But no now doubts his ability in writing.
In my opinion, grades are really important for most students because admission to good schools and colleges as well as successful application for nice jobs depend on good grades.
The school admission officers and potential employers use grades to assess students' abilities.
But grades are not the sole criterion for students' abilities.
Academic advancement should be combined with excellent manifestation in practicality.
In short, both the mind and the hands should be developed together, so that we not only know how to do the job, but also can do it with our own hands.
I saw outside though the window when I finished doing housework this morning.
I saw the so beautiful view that I wanted to go outside to take some photos record the view.
I walked in the street and took photos from time to time.
After a while, the snow stopped.
I was going to walk back.
A person who walked in front of me slipped.
I ran to help him.
I realized that the road was so slippery.
So I went home and took a broom,wanted to clean the road Then, I came to the street, cleaned the snow.
It took me an hour to clean this place.
My neighborhood praised me for my behavior of all.
There are thousands and thousands of wonderful programs on TV every day.Of these,new program has always been my favorite.Almost everyday I turn on TV at 19:00,and wait early for the new program.This has almost become apart of my life.
The news program contains a large amount of latest information from the most serious international political affairs to the most enjoyable foot able games.The most important feature in the program is fast rhythm.Because of the fast rhythm,it can contain so much information in such a short time.
I like this program because I think news report is more than all TV program.In reality,it is a way of communication.From this program,people can be well informed about the affairs both at home and abroad on time.The world is developing fast,and if you watch this program every day,you will feel that you are always in pace with the evolution of the world.
As a college student's ,we face to many challenge with thinking method .school test.interpersonal relationship and entrepreneurial awareness.
However, the prefund economic and social change.
Social thinking method more and more deversification.
We should set up the correct world outlook, the outlook on life values.
But college's students take a big change on values, they are advocating personality, thinking highly of personal values and having a strong competition method.What's more, some college students hope to broaden the knowledge by network, but some college student addicted to the network game because they have a self-control.
The network game have a strong impact on normal life and study.
On the one hand ,school test is a big challenge for us.In the course of life, we go through one by one challenge.
For example, firstly, we experience time and time again in test on student's career, this test decision life make a big twist by tests and the entrance examnination.
Now, we allowed to study at the university of culture and knowledge, we must prepare high school knowledge,we study in the university to test some certificate.Only in this way,we may get a good job, so we face to challenge with a seriously attitude.
With the development of the society, it's essential activity for university students to make human communication, this is a challenge for university students to communication and seek to understand,build relationship and explore the life, at the same time we should adapt to new surroundings.If you have a bad relationship with friends, you will have many trouble.As for freshman, the university students from all over the world, they are having different life-style and way of act., many people living under me roof, inevitably occur some disputes,if a person wants to play to their potential and do the valuable things to the society, you should have a good relationship.
With the economic social development and the fierce competition, the university students face to all kind of entrepreneurship challenge.
Firstly, the economic situation is not optimistic, college students entrepreneurial economy environment needs to be improved.
Secondly, college students has less social experience,many entrepreneurs are very pain when they failure.
Thirdly, the college students rush in entrepreneurs lack of market consciousness, the important factors that effect college students successful entreprenurship.
Finally,whatever challenge we are face to,we should take challenge with correct attitude.
The invention of the atomic bomb, will have a war, countless people died in the war, people met shocking.
The atomic bomb but also the development of science and technology invention, look frightened.
Humans have to rely on high-tech invention a lot of drugs, some drugs simply drugs, drug abuse is not only harmful to human health, and once infected addictive.
Scientific and technological development, Lee, also a lot of disadvantages, but I think that as long as human development, science and technology to improve the ecological environment in the direction to the direction of beneficial to human health development, development to the direction of saving the earth's resources, one day,technological development will become more good than harm.
If you don't always understand spoken English, I have good idea.
If you don't how to increase you readings speed.
You can look for ways to review what they have learned.
Reading aloud to practice pronunciation.
Read English book.
Just read quickly to get the main ideas at first.
But don't read word by word.
Read word groups.
Try to guess a word's meaning by reading the sentences before and after it.
The more you read, the faster you'll be.
You can creating an interest in what they learn.
Well, be patient.
You can learn English.But whether or not you can do this well depends on your learning habits.
Reading occupies an extremely important role in our life.
Through reading can open our eyes, enrich our knowledge and life experience.
But now, many people have a new view of reading, they think practice is more important in life.
But I think reading has played a very important role.
Recently, I read a book written by Sao Mao, this book's title is never flowers in never dream.
This book tells the story of Jose died, San Mao's life.
At the beginning, her attitude is negative, and her life is very bad, but then she gradually came out from the sadness.
From this book, I can feel their deep fellings, at the same time we can see San Mao is a very strong woman.
She mentioned she only write her own story, because she is a real person, only can write a true story.
However, the lives of others are what she unknown.
By reading this book, I learned a lot.
Life always has many accidents, but no matter what happens, we need full of confidence in life, and we should do a real person.
At the same time, I also realized the great power of loves.
Thus, reading still a particularly meaningful thing.
In our free time, we should read some good books.
A decision made as a gift to my National Day, getting up at six o'clock and running on Oct 1st-3rd.
Running around the park near where I live 11 the circles with moderate speed within three days.
I run 5 circles on the morning of National day and 3 circles this morning.
I will run 3 circles tomorrow morning.
I have not got up so early in the morning for longer.
Many people made plans for National Day holiday, such as travelling, visiting or coming hometown.
I chose to keep all my friends apart without phone call, that means a complete isolation from people I know during National Day holiday.
Accompanied with loneness, there is no schedule for eating and sleeping.
It is flexible to arrange something with myself each day.
To buy some food you like and cook myself then enjoy sitting in front of TV.
No one cares about which role you are playing in your life even yelling loudly or jumping up while you are watching TV, no one cares about whether you are imaging into account as a girl.
That's the symbolization of real freedom.
You can surf the internet till you get tired of it no matter when it is.
Singing song followed in music without limit.
I should be able to get up at six o'clock at least on the three days no matter how late I go to sleep.
I must do it.
My National Day holiday will be special...
Hello Miss Jones.I'm L.I was a freshman.Two weeks has passed since the new term began.
During this time I found some problems of the school canteen.
The first problem.When students after class to have lunch in the canteen.Our canteen will be very crowded.
Buy lunch and find a seat will take a long time.So every I aways spend a lot of time at lunch.
The second problem.The quality of canteen's food is not very good.Much food is cold,not very fresh.I think it's bad for health.
Also the prices of the canteen's food is slightly expensive.I hope this problem can be solved quickly.
As is known to us all that our mother give us the access to come to the world,so we should take care of our mother more.
My mother is very severe with me.When I was young,I was always subjected to punishment .
She always wants me to do well in the study.When I failed in the exams,she was very angry.
But now I know she loves me more than she can say.
eagerness to go on with the study,My mom's encouragement determined me to keep on with my study.
Because my mother's love in mind,I seized every second to do my lessons and have made great progress in the study.With the aid of my mother,I took more interest in study, and most of all I have learned never giving up.
I suppose that we should love our mother unconditionally.Not only because they love us,but because in away ,they are teaching us to love and how to open our heart and eyes to things.
Now we are not junior,we should take immediately actions to take care of our mother .
what tomorrow may have in store.
Mr Churill is not only a successful politician but also an influential orator.
His speech is so sophisticated that we can never find any defect.
Drawing from the speech in the text, we come to a conclusion that his languages are highly-refined, or we may say expressively perfect.
Every word in it is chosen or sifted carefully in order to reach his aim of persuading people in his own country or other countries to support Soviet Russia in fighting against Hitler's Invasion.
He employs such many rhetorical techniques as repetition, metaphor and parallelism, which will put his speech more persuasive and convincing.
Although you can pick a bang of rhetorical methods from anywhere, these used in his speech are endowed with some purpose so that they are unparalleled.
All of them are conscientiously composed, or his speech will go to the other end.
Mr Churill is adept at grasping audience's thoughts and he appeals to them without forgetting the purpose of this speech.
His speech seems to be a beacon that illuminates darkness and guide people to where is bright.
Those powerful and grand words will tempt people in confusion making a steadfast decision and step on the road of opposing Hitler without hesitation.
In the speech, quite a number of sharp words or phrases are applied to expose Hitler's crimes or what we can say his blood appetites, which will agitate people's hatred and indignation to Hitler.
What's more, the speech is abundant with a lot of sentences like "He hopes" or "He imagines" , which will take people to imagine that they are in risks.
Acknowledging that fact, individuals and allies will be desired to take actions, which is the goal of his speech.
Altogether, Mr Churill employs powerful, persuasive and highly-refined language in achieving the effect that he wants to the largest extent.
A phenomenon that students in college hire cleaners to do laundry and cleaning has become a hot topic.In my point of view, college students shouldn't hire cleaners.
First of all,every college students need to be independent.
Only when you are equipped with independence in your own life can you live better and free.
Nest.spending parents'money to get rid of such works is not reasonable.
Especially for some poor family, parents have no responsibility to pay the price of your laziness.
Last but not least, if you are born with hating such dull and repeated works or in order to save time to do more significant things, you could earn the money to pay by yourself.
In summary, hiring cleaners in college is not a good choice which can form the habit of laziness and dependence.
When his parents not home,everyone has experience alone at home,I also have such experience.
The first day,I am very happy to throw the bag when I came back form school want to play.Did not eat any room to play in the middle of the night,I think in the moringma alarm clock will wake me up,but I not sleep too dead alarrr clock wake me,cause I was late for school.The school the teacher asked me tohomework but I didn't write,at school,I was hungry and tired.The next day,I feel very lonely,very hungry,since can do some simple food.Parents come back saw i can cook,very happy.
Nowadays, the urban traffic is becoming more and more serious.Many of the city traffic jams are very serious.The incidence of traffic accidents is becoming more and more serious.These problems to the life of people brought a lot of inconvenience.
I'm going to describe the performance of the traffic problem.First,more and more people are drinking and driving.
Second, the traffic is so heavy and the traffic is too serious.Third, the accident hurt to people's health.
I have some Suggestions to solve these problems.First, people should not be private cars at work.Second, the government should widen the roads and stagger the rush hour.Third, person should obey the traffic rules when driving.
I'm appreciate it for your hlep when i live in your home.With your help,i can study in the United States.
shelf in the bedroom.I hope you can post it to me,i'll pay the postage by myself.
To make the long story short,i'm very grateful to you for me during my study in the United States to provide help and i would appreciate it if you could post the English dictionary to me.
As we all know,English is a important subject,and now,every school has English class,in order to improve our English level.However,leaning English well we should master words,grammar and spelling.
But,many of our students do not pay attention to the spelling of English words.So, when we writ an English compostion or some sentences,we will can not spell the words of we need.Cause we can not write a wonderful compostion.
However,we can not spell,the reason is we do not want to go to remember the words,think remembering them is a painful thing,to sum up,because our students are lazy.And we do not want to take time to remember it.
In order to improve our English, I think,we should strengthen the proficency of the spelling.
First and foremost,I Think it is the most important that spend half an hour to remember the word's spelling every day.In addition,when we are reading English articles, we should pick out the words of we non't know,writting it in the notebook,then find out and remember its spelling.At ordinary times,listening to some English songs,to deepen the memory of words.
If you insist to do this every day,I believe that you can remember more words,and when you are writing,you will be more fluently.
Nowadays, one of the burning problems facing our nation is overpopulation.
As we all know, China has the largest population in the world.
Although family planning work on the rate of birth efficiently, it can not totally solve this problem.
Overpopulation has been leading to plenty of social and environmental problems.
One of the biggest problem caused by overcrowding is employment pressure.
With the increase of the number of college students, college students can not find a job after graduation is common.
Secondly, housing pressure is also a serious problem.
The prince of a house is increasing rapidly, buy a house is difficult for many people.
It is common that sevaral family members live together in a small house.
Thirdly, there is no doubt that the main reason for traffic jam is overcrowding.
So many cities is facing traffic jam.
There are many kinds of measure are caught on that, but it has been solved.
To tackle this problem, both individuals and goverment should make great efforts.
For instance, first, disseminating the importance of family planning, let them realize the situation of Chinese population is severe.
Secondly, relevant departments should publish some people disobey executive policy severely.
To sum up, we can not wait to tackle overcrowding problem, it is everyone' s duty.
The earth can not stand billions of people.
There is a fairy land that completely different from any other place on the earth.
About 70% of the pure land was covered by glacier.
That is a white and freezing world.
Everyone might want to go there for a trip in their lifetime.
It will be an extremely amazing trip.
We might hurt them just because we are curious.
For that reason, I think we should not keep developing tourist industry in polar regions.
In recent years, studying abroad has been popular.
As known to us all, different people hold different ideas.
I would like to show you what their opinions are.
Some people are for the idea that it is good for us to study abroad, saying that students would be able to have the chance to learn the leading technology.
In addition, there is a better environment to learn a foreign language than domestic, which is of great benefit to their language learning.
The others, however, have the opposite opinion.
As a matter of fact, we the students are still so young that we are lack of living experience, and, as a result, we cannot manage our life well on ourselves.
Besides, we may feel lonely hand homesick when studying abroad without the care from our parents.
What's worse, it's quite expensive for many families to send their children to study abroad.
In my opinion, it's good for us to learn abroad because we are can learn to think differently through another way of education.
In today's society, people gradually forget the importance of literary works to us.The role of literature is passing on culture, show the practical work, to convey the author's ideas, views on contemporary leaders and the practical work, and reflect the social phenomenon and so on.Literature can call us more deeply loves the life, there are so many unsatisfactory place although life itself, but we will still live happily.The creation of literature and art activities is the artist's mental activity, literature literature belong to product of the human spirit.I think literature can inspire readers to think, make the world a better place, people are more happy, happy!
In conclusion we should pay more attention to study literature.As reading literary works is a kind of life habit.
Nowadays ,the Earth is under great pressure,such as a variety of environmental problems on a large scale,and the damages resulted from the disasters which happened a few years ago.Facing the serious problems ,I wish to talk about the extraterrestrials.
Whether extraterrestrials exist remain to be discussed.But provided it exists.Can the life become better just like what we hope?In my point of view,I go for the people who go against the extraterrestrials.
First of all,how extraterrestrials live and what they eat is so far different from what we have done for years.If people are intent on living with extraterrestrials,human beings may be compelled to adapt to the extraterrestrials' living styles.
Then,what we think is that extraterrestrials can ease the burden.But the fact is that they may increase the pressure and put more burden on Earth.Recently,I saw a film named "battleship".The content is said that human beings are vulnerable.To tell the truth,extraterrestrials won't invade or come to Earth unless we human beings invade them first just to get profits from them.
Last but not the least,regardless of the pressing problems on Earth,we have no necessity to seek others for help.We are full of wisdom and courage and power to accomplish the complicated task.We should not outsmart ourselves.
Extraterrestrials may have significant power,but we are different in nature at all.No matter how complicated the problems are,we'd better work up to solve them.On balance,without extraterrestrials,we may generate more skills and develop our creativity.As long as we make the best of ourselves,we can successfully decrease the pressure and become the real powerful country in the whole world.
After stepping into college, we were determined to be a good student and start a brand new life, which means we should not only do well in our academic records but also our interpersonal relationships.
However, we sometimes acknowledge that there are other factors that are blocking our way to success such as a failure in exam and a breakdown of a relationship.
I think we should cultivate a healthy psychological quality.
We need to acquire a strong mind and a consolidated psychological health so that we can deal with everything nicely.
To give an illustration, graduates are not easy to find a job after leaving college.
Often will we face with are frustration and blows from employers when we are applying for a job.
If you can not take the blows with a peace of mind, we are easily to do something dangerous and extreme.
There are survey shows that some graduates commit a suicide resulting from they cannot get a job successfully.
Therefore, psychological health is necessary for a college student.
Nevertheless, I don't mean that academic records are not important because knowledge we learn at school lies the cornerstone of our future career.
And academic records shows how much knowledge we comprehend.
Thus, we should pay attention to both academic records and psychological health.
When I was young , I am looking forward to going to the college , however, when I come to the college , I am feeling the time flies.
improve ability , want to be a good teacher in future , Now, I am toward the dream.
myself , how to get on with others and open my eyes.
There is no doubt that these students don , t manage their time well.Frist of all,we need to set a high value on the free time,such as weekends and holidays.During the time we could do something which is meaningful.We should make good use of the time to read a good book or have a test,and that is a great choice to join a training course.Many students don , t know what should they do on weekends,so they always sleep or go shopping a whole day.It is important to learn something useful,we could stay at the library to do our homework.
Secondly,we must focus our concentrate on the course during the class.If you don , t listen to the teacher,it is hard to understand the point of the lesson.we have to listen carefully in case of leaving out something important.After class we should refresher our lessons and get a deeper understanding.Then it is necessary to prepare lessons before class and that will help you a lot.
Finally,we could take advantages of the ten-minute recess to remember words because expanding the vocabulary quantity is important too.There are too many ways to study efficiently,choice one of them to apply to practice and you will gain success.
Upon entering univercities , most Chinese students have been learned about 10 years .
but I was particular case.
My English study was so terrible .
Because in my junior high school and senior high school , I didn't like study English.
As my enter university , I realized English is very important .
so I want to study English well , so that I can communicate with foreigner fluently.
I realize that I need to choose a new study way .
I imagine by the much speaking practice so that remember words .
At the same time , improve my language sense.
After all, in the university the English spoken is very important .
The ancient world, there are two great educator Confucius in China , Socrates in Greece , both for the attention of the world has yet endless .
Some people say , Socrates and Confucius certain our similarities, and some even likened him to the Greek Confucius , his student Plato likened Greece Mencius .
Because of the fact that the control from several together, Su and Confucius indeed many similarities.
First, two of them born in the era of very close , they live almost the same age , Confucius age of 73 , ; Su died seven years old when forced to poison and died.
Second, they are far from good-looking appearance .
Confucius Confucius our name , because he was born with a prominent forehead towering named , this one is not commensurate with the face, not to mention handsome and chic ; As Socrates looks, more ugly than Confucius .
According to Will Durant in his book " History of Western Philosophy " in the records, said he had bald head , big round face , deep-set eyes , broad and upturned nose , like a porter .
Some books even said he had a big belly poo such and such a weird phase , matched with faltering steps , naturally enough ugly it.
Third, they have very similar life times .
Confucius fitness room declining in Week Spring and Autumn Period , Hegemons despotic princes mergers, frequent unrest , widespread poverty , his sleep disturbed seats, let alone mention habitat habitat , travel around the world , thinking it the other way .
Socrates was born in Athens , when the Greek peninsula , but also the city established numerous times , the stronger is the Athens and Sparta , if there is no invasion of foreign aggression , the dispute between the city always continue .
Fourth , they are typical of the great teachers .
Confucius kind of worry do not worry poor channel the spirit and perseverance are people saying evil , dark printed on the hearts of every Chinese .
Socrates was alive, often criticized political attack Sophists , the kind of death indomitable spirit , the same deep respect and admiration for the world .
In the current society, few people may stand out and publicize their real ideas, as be dread of being different from the majority.
Public opinions may destroy a fantastic idea or thought in the most cases, since many incidents could prove that the truth is usually held in the hands of the minority.
Let us take some examples to find out more about this point.
Galileo' successful test defeated the theory of Aritotle, which was convinced by people for two thousands years.
He dumped two iron balls in different weights from the Leaning Tower of Pisa, to prove whatever the weights, objects usually fall in the same speed.
If he has ever doubted himself, the advancement of the science would be backward,for centuries.
Standing out in the crowd bravely based upon a lot of studies and observation, and Galileo also overcame the suspicion from the public to achieve the truth of the science.
In the latter 17 century, the world scientific authority Newtow received the doubt from Huygens that the light is constituted by waves instead of corpuscular stream.
Without the supporting from the public, Huygens became to the minority lonely in the end, because most people are usually ambivalent towards the real situation.
Regardless of the superstition of the authority, he insisted his variant thoughts until the last moment.
Nevertheless, the currency of his discovery has been found in the 19th century, Huygens will no longer know.
Sciencific knowledge, as the world's most important constitution, not only progresses by making studies, the power of doubting can not be neglected as well,and the combination of both usually equals to a big progress.
The opinion of the majority used to be a poor guide,when it comes to be a agitation as the mock towards an unknown incredible idea,caused the man who masters the truth that few people learned to give up it hastily.
A questionnaire on "ways of ontaining information " shows that about 72 percent of people get information through TV, only 12 percent of people learn world news by reading newspapers.
From my view ,the newspaper is a better sourse of newa.
There are 3 reasons as below.
Firstly,news reports are deeper than TV news.That is because the newspaper can explain all kinds of problems from different views and different people also can express their points with freedom,wheras TV reports usually play famouse peope's ideas.Secondly, reading newapapers isn't limited by time .We can reading them no matter what time and where.For example ,when we can reading them when are waiting for a bus or subway to kill time.While we can't carry a TV every mimute and spot ,especially when we go out .But the newspaper is so convient for us to carry and to buy ,without any worry.Thirdly,all the need to do is thingking ,that's to say we use our brain when reading newapaper,which does good for proving our intelligence.However ,we trend to accpet the information other than think when we watch TV.
So,I feel that the newspaper is a better way to obtain informatiom.Maybe we don't need to depend much on Tv when we want to learn something we interested in.The newspaper is a good choice for us.
You know, the final exam is over, It is time for us to relax.
I think the foot of the mountain in the east we once discussed is a good place.
I've already prepared everything and you just need to take a cushion.
I'm looking forward to seeing you on Saturday morning.
.He is a great man , I love him.
because she is gentler than my father ,I usually chat with her .She gives me a gentle love ,this love is different from father's love .
In my family ,father likes the mountain,my mother likes the river ,I live in there .
Where have my parents where is my home .
so as to care my parents .
I love my parents forever .
I think reading has an important effect on the growth of a person.There are three reasons.
First,books are to be in the encounter difficulties give us the answer.It isn't a friend not a teacher.If we are in the time of difficulty,it will help us solve the problem and give us strength always.
Second,reading can broaden our horizons,make us can explore the potential.Through reading,we can know more than others.
Third,to help us study.In the exam,you may understand the knowledge that you have seen by reading before the exam.
We should attach importance to reading books.Reading,is a sort of enjoyment,is a process of learning.Let's read more to improve ourselves,shall we?
Recently I' ve carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of them think that high school students get online frequently is good for them.In their opinion ,it can help them to got information.
Broaden their minds and know more about the world.And when they chat online ,they communicate and share what they see and thought with each other .What's more ,students can surf on the Internet to have a rest after study all day.
However some people hold a different opinion about that.They think students shouldn't get online frequently.In their point of view,watching the computer and mobile phone screen is one of the most important reasons that hurt our eyes.Above all,they think students will spend much time in playing on the computer and waste their time and energy.
In my opinion,students should surf on the Internet after study to relax.But students should make sure that they won't spend much time on it.
Today,an old picture reminded me of the happy time I have.Vivid memories came flooding back of my campus life.
make the lawn to laugh the whole team.
fortunate.More and more,my campus life let me realize how the important of overcome obstacles and how the magic of smiling.
At present,a critical issue has brought into focus on how to improve educational quality continuously.Many argue that in order to achieve this goal,students should be encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teachers.Others,however,reckon that respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.Both sides have their sound reasons,but personally I stand on the side of the former.
From my viewpoint,two benefits will be brought about.On one hand,to the students,they will learn to how to criticize a person equitably from their comments on teachers who taught them,for an unfounded assertion won't be accepted.On the other hand,to the teachers,more concern will be given to their students.And meanwhile,through their students' advice,much more improvements will be made by themselves.
On balance,we should pay close attention to the educational quality.The comments made by students may be an effective method.In any case,no matter what occurs,the hope will always be full of!
Hello,My name is Joan.My Chinese name is X.I am from Y,a small city but with beautiful sense.There are four people in my family.
My father,my mother,my brother and me.We live happily!I am a active and easy-going girl.I have a few hobbies.One of my favourite hobbies is reading.I always read fiction, like "Kite Running".I like the setting of religion.I also like philosophy.Zhou is one of my favourite writers.In my free time,listening to music is common for me.I like soft music and the songs from James Blunt.I also like take photos and travel.I travelled to D with my best friend Ice four months ago.I have taken many beautiful photos.I always dream of going to the Tibeten with my camera one day.Do you think I am a active and lovely girl?To be a doctor is my dream job.I want to try my best to help people and reduce their painful.Unfortunaly,I failed my dream.I felt depress in the beginning.Grually,I am enjoying what I major in.My dream job is to be a successful bussinessman!I hope I can go abroad and communicate with foreigners.In my college life,I have to achieve my aim and do well in my study.I also hope I can get along well with others and find the disadvantages I have.I think I will get more experience from my college life.No matter how hard I will face in the future,I never give up.This is me.
When it comes to the way of our life, public's opinions vary from person to person.Recently; some people who live in the city came back suburban, however, and other leave suburban to city.
Every person has their own idea about it.
In my opinion, living in the city is better.
At first, convenient transport can bring more advantages to us, because whatever you want to do or whenever you want to go, you always can find a way to get there.
Second, city had better education, the school had better equipment and teacher.More job opening is good for city too, which lead more person to city.Although some people said it is more pollution that is badly for us, I think the government is planting more tree on the road sides, which can release the pollution and so on.
Just like a coin has two sides, everything also has their advantages and disadvantages, we cannot avoid.
Nevertheless,we can make rational use of resources.Only in that way, can we live better.
countries.Secondly,learning English can widen our visions and we can also learn a lot from it.At last,I'd like to say through English learning,we can know different cultures of English-speaking countries .English is playing a more and more important role in our daily life.
Recently,the employment issue has caused the attention of the society in such an era of information.At the same time,there is a hot topic.If you are a recruiting manager,whom would you prefer to hire in the face of "key players" from other companies or "newbies" who have just graduated from universities.
Key players are also essential to our company.They have rich working experience.But they are very real,often job-hopping because of unsatisfied with their current salary.However,as for the graduated students,they are out in the early society will have a hard,can bring a fresh blood to the company.They may cherish the hard-won work and work more seriously than key players.
If I am a recruiting manager,I would prefer to give just graduated college students more opportunities.New blood will make the company more energy and vitality.
Everyone may have the experience to stay alone while his or her parents are out.
One day last year, both of my parents went out for their business.
So I had to live on my own.
I went to school and came back home as usual.
I cooked dinner for myself, did my homework carefully, and went to bed on time.
I think we shouldn't depend too much on our parents, but learn to stand on our own feet.
Nothing is impossible if we try our best.
modern world.
many student choosed to learn.
age.
English knowledges  a day.
Chinese.
is after all a foreign language.
eye.
In recent years, many students don't pay much attention to the study of Chinese.
This phenomenon has aroused a heated debated among the public.
Some people regard this phenomenon as natural.
While some people think it's a bad sign that students neglect the study of Chinese.
There are two factors which contribute to this phenomenon.
For one thing, present-day students attach too much importance to the study of English, which they think will be a useful tool for their future career.
Thus, they fail to pay due attention to the study of Chinese.
For another, colleges should be held responsible for this issue.
The lack of Chinese courses limits students' further study of Chinese.
If this phenomenon keeps going on, it will do harm to the development of Chinese traditional culture.
The beauty of Chinese words and sentences may disappear after years of lack of attention.
To tackle this problem, I think both colleges and students should take some effective measures.
For students, they should strike a balance between the study of Chinese and that of English.
They need to keep in mind that Chinese is of vital importance not only to their career but also to their own all-round development.
For colleges, they should provide various Chinese courses to cater for different students' tastes.
In addition, colleges should organize some activities related to the study of Chinese, which will hold appeal to students.
All in all, due attention should be paid to the study of Chinese by both students and colleges.
There has been a discussion between our school's students about whether the listening part in college entrance examination should be canceled.
Opinions are divided on this issue.Some students thought that it shouldn't be canceled.Language has four basic skills including listening,so listening shouldn't be ignored.Listening is a very important way to gain information.In recent years,international cooperation is increasing day bu day,our listening and speaking abilities should be improve.
I think it shouldn't be canceled.However,English is still very important at present.
There is a new research recently.
It shows that a lot of students think they have much pressure on their own.
There are many reasons about pressure.
Firstly, parents give them pressure.
The majority of parents give great expectation on them.
On these parents' eyes, their owns children are the cleverest children all over the world.
Secondly, our students ourselves feel the pressure from classmates.
Seeing others studying hard, we will feel be stressed out.
We can listen to music.
Don't push yourself too hard.
What's more, we should learn how to find the blance between study and relaxition.
Crime event is a society problem.
From a long time ago, it has not been stop.
Even under the very cruel penalty.
Death penalty is the last way to keep the peace and justice of society and it is from the ancient time.
In China, Shang dynasty was famous for its death penalty, such as paolo, cheapen ,ling-chi and jiao-xing and so on.
In other countries the penalty is also cruel.
If a slave flee away, their hands or legs would be cut down, and it was permitted by law.
Even though we think it so ridiculous.
Society has been developing.
The death penalty has not been repealed by now.
There is no doubt that the cruelest is the death penalty which takes someone's life away.
And maybe the most general death penalty is cutting someone's head in the ancient time and shooting one's head at the present time.
With the society developing, we hope that the death penalty can be abolished.
Because we think anyone has no power to take other's life away.And there need a new way that can instead of the death penalty to punish the criminal.
The thing that the person was killed or hurt has been happened and we cannot do anything for that.
It has become the truth after all.
So we needn't make the death penalty exist continually.
The death penalty should be abolished.
But there is another reason to kill them, which is they had crime very severe.
Maybe they killed somebody, maybe they rope the female or other crime which cannot be forgiven.
So we think they must do something to pay their debt that they should receive the death penalty.
Yes it is.
Some countries had put the new law into effect, and the death penalty has been repealed.
How difficult to answer the question.
Nowadays, more and more students fill their weekends with many kinds of extra classes, in order to strengthen their schoolwork.
However, to this behavior, not all the students or parents agree with the ideas of going to a class on a wonderful weekend.
The people who would like to go to a class on the weekend think that it is a good way of arranging their free time.
In addition, the weekend teacher might spend time teaching you the special parts which you are not good at.
The people who have opposite opinions say it is not worth wasting lots of time and money on weekend classes.
Instead, having some other meaningful things like volunteering and meeting family members are valuable.
Besides, they don't think students should depend on the extra classes on weekends, it might be terrible for students to get the abilities of dealing with their studies by themselves.
Agree or disagree, having extra classes has become a trend among students.
With too many pressures of competing in schoolwork, we have to try to use any learning resource to improve our scores.
I'd like to have a weekend class whose subject is not my dishes, rather than go to the classes of all the subjects.
I hope my weekend could be wonderful and made up by different kinds of activities, not only study.
So, let's think of the advantages and disadvantages in advance, going to a weekend class or not, is just a choice.
There are a lot of etiquette in qinhuangdao, ride the bus.
After get off passengers should take the initiative to get first pass.
With the society continuous development, people's consumption way has changed a lot.
More and more people start to use credit cards to consume.
Of course, this trend also affects to the students.
As far as I'm concerned, I'm in favor of students to use credit cards.
There are many benefits for students to use credit cards.
This first and important is very convenient to use it.
Now the students learning task is heavy.
So they have less and less leisure time.
If they want to purchase something, they can use credit cards to buy on the Internet.
This way is not only convenient but also can save time to do other things.
Second, when the students go out with friends or deal with some things, they will carry more cash.
This way is not safe.
However, using credit cards can reduce to carry cash and safeguard the personal safety.
Finally, most of the students can't distinguish the fake money.
Using credit cards can avoid this point and reduce the individual loss.
In short, using credit cards will give students bring many benefits.
Students should adapt to the development of society and make effort to play the advantages of the credit cards.
As far as I'm concerned, college students should have more time of their own to dominate.For many college students, there is more time for them to arrange.
For one hand, they didn't be limited to finish their homework like senior middle school.For another hand, they can make the best of time to improve themselves.For example, they can attend in many interesting clubs to exercise their ability and responsibility.Because it is a valuable practice of social skills.Additionally, they can learn what they interested in many fields.Besides, they can make friends with other.These experiences can help them to become more independent and responsible.What's more, students can do some part-time jobs in their free time.In my opinion, exercise through part-time jobs so that they are able to adjust to the social life earlier.With the increase of pressure, spending free time in doing exercise is a good way for people to relax.They have more time for outdoor sports and exercise.Doing exercise can not only strengthen their body but also relax their mind and body.
In all, college students should have more time of their own.Only in this way will they be able to learn more, from things not taught in textbooks.
Network real-name system has become the hot topics in the recent year.Some people approve it.They think it's great to protect themselves from being tricked.For example, in the e-commerce,you can charge the seller with selling bad things in the real-name system.
However,others think it's not always good for real-name system.You will easier lose your personal information.What's more,some important information such as credit card will cause big trouble to you.
In my opinion, the real-name system in netwok is a important manner to assure security in virtual word.But is's also the same important as preventing the personal information form losing.The network real-name system tell you must obey the legal in the virtual world and be careful not to lose you persoal information the same time.
There are some problems of the environment.One of them is that the number of the population is increading.And now people is endlessly overdeveloping Earth's resources through agriculture, fishing, hunting and tourism,and that is a serious problem,too.Of course,the water resource is also a problem which we need to care about.Cutting trees too more will make the earth hotter,so it is a problem.In addition,the air pollution is a problem we can see every day.
If we want to remove these problems,we should do these things.First,we should hold back that people cut trees too more.And we had better control population growth.
Finally I hope the environment will be better in the future.
In recent years, students' evaluation of teachers becomes very universal, especially among university.
The school wants to stimulate the quality of university by this way.
However, people's opinions vary on this issue.
Some believe students' evaluation of teacher is essential in enhancing the quality of teaching.
On the one hand, it helps create a competitive atmosphere in higher education, encouraging the teachers to improve their teaching and research.
On the other hand, the evaluation contribute to identify the standard of teaching for faculty.
However, others dismiss it as misleading.
They argue that it is superficial.
They complain that, for those teachers whom students get along well with, the highly evaluation is not so fair because it includes some emotional factors more or less.
As far as I concerned, to face students' evaluation of teachers, it is no doubt that the evaluation firmly benefit to the whole development of teaching quality in some extent.
At the same time, more attention should be paid to treat the problem dialectically.
Nowadays, more and more high-tech inventions in our life.Especially the Internet.
Internet is a good tool for our life.
We can do many things on it.And the most popular thing is online shopping.
It means shopping on the line.You can buy anything you want on the Internet because there are many kinds of things you can choose, and you can get them at your school rather than go to the shop by yourself.
So shopping online is extremely good and convenient.
Everybody knows that everything has two sides---good and bad.
So we should be careful when we shopping on line.
For example, there are many cheaters on the line and many people are cheated with losing all their money.Secondly, we can't be sure the quality of things which you want to buy.
Finally, many students are addicted to going shopping on line so that they always call their parents for money.
It makes their parents very sad.
So shopping online is also unfavorable for us.
In a word, everything has two sides.So we should think about it carefully and balance it between good and bad.
If you can hold a good heart and make a correct choice, everything around you will be better.
There is a widespread concern over the topic about the formal examination,it completely has been exposed to the white-hot.Some people hold the belief that the formal examination should be canceled while others argue that the formal examination is prefect and do not need to change any more.
In the first point of view,they consider it a cram teaching and an old paradigm to select talented person and clamor that we should redefine a parameter what kind of person is benefit our society!People, however,differ in their opinion who tend to retain it are firm believe that it is an efficient way to improve a nations education quality and to detect it.
As far as I am concerned,we need to remember that every coin has two sides.To begin with,there is a real limit to apply it,furthermore,it is unreality to make a radical change which should be shutter too,cause it's the evolutionary process of our society and the education system.Most importantly,we firmly should to take out our energy to think up some super idea to make it better.In short,do downshift onto this way and try to combine all the advance education system as china's education system and the Western education system!
Nowadays,globalization are increasing popularity and the earth become a global village.
However, there are still many differences between China and the West.
So i point out 2 differences between China and the West.
First of all, the difference between China and the West is the idea of leadership.
In China, the leadership's position is higher than people and enjoy many privileges.
Influenced by China's 2000 years of feudal system, the leadership service for the goveronment, not for people.
However,in the West, positions between leadership and people are equal.
In their view, the leadership service for people.
Secondly, the difference between China and the West is the expression of love.
In china, a lot of people are stil very shy about expression of love.
Most of the Chinese people is still very conservative and restrained.
However, in the West, people are very open.
They bold pursuit their own happiness and bold express love to someone they love.
They are directly to express their feelings.
Facing differences between China and the West, we should treat it objectively and respect for these differences.What's more, as a chinese, i think we should learn from the West's advantages and improve ourselves.
A questionnaire on "ways of obtaining information" shows that 72% of people get to know the world via televisions, while 12% of them have a preference for newspapers.
As far as I am concerned, I hold the point of view that the newspaper is a more advisable source of information.
First and foremost, reports on the newspaper give us a deeper insight than those on TV.
With a longer article, a more detailed description, we will have a better understanding of the event.
In addition, there is not a clock ticking around you when you are reading the newspaper.
Nevertheless, if you watch television, you may have to concentrate yourself in the sake of not missing anything important.
Last but not least, when reading, you receive the information in black and white and create the image of it in your brain at the same time.
It is that process that will heighten your intelligence.
According to what we have mentioned above, it can be safely concluded that the newspaper is a better source of the news.
All the same, we are not here to claim that the television is useless.
Thanks to its colorful images and attractive sound, we may watch TV as a way of recreations.
The graph illustrate the proportion of never-married women raising children at the age spanning 18 through 44 of all between 1982 and 1992,together with two types of proportion in terms of race and cultural level.
In 1982, approximately 15 percent of women have children without a marriage, after which the proportion had an apparent growth of 8.6 percent in 1992.What is conspicuous is that nearly half of black women were found with kids before marriage, seven times as much as that of the white race with the percentage of 6.7.
When it comes to the cultural level, that of college graduates is lowest with only 3 percent, roughly equivalent to that of managerial and professionals.
That of women not finishing high school ranked No.1, 35 percent or so, two times that of high school graduates.
With time varying, in 1992, an upward trend was seen, given all data points, ranging from 3 percent to 13 percent, whereas the similar pattern was followed.
A recent survey shows that people who get higher salaries generally work longer hours than those who get lower salaries.
Some people favor higher-paying jobs, even though such jobs always result in longer work time.
They believe that money is so indispensable in people's lives that without it no material comforts or well-being can be guaranteed.
However, others have different preferences.
They would rather take up lower-paying jobs with shorter hours.
In their eyes, money doesn't necessarily ensure happiness and well-being.
They want to spend more time in doing their likes and getting together with their family and friends.
As for me, I prefer to take up a job with shorter hours even if it pays less.
In my opinion, work is not our whole life.
We should allocate enough time to our family and friends and have more time to enjoy our life.
Beside, we are not machines.
We need time to relax and rest so that we could be energetic enough to do our job better.
Thanks for your letter of March 25,2015.
We are pleased to know that you have great interests in our products.
We insist on L/C payment instead of D/A payment.
Because for a new client, we won't accept any other terms of payment except L/C.
Therefore, we refuse to D/A payment.
Your understanding in this respect will be appreciated.
We are looking forward to your early reply.
China Clothes Imp.
& Exp.
Corp.
At the university, most students live in a dormitory.
There is an increaseing interest in the pros and cons of dormitory life.
Some people are in favor of the idea of dormitory life has many benefits.
It not only allows us to better adapt to the life and better integrated into the collective.
However, other people hold an opposite viewpoint.
Each person's habits are different,which will produces contradiction between students.In addition,personal schedule will be disrupted.
There is some truth in both arguments.
But i think the advantages of dormitory life outweigh the disadvantages.
I learnt that you wanted to have a brief understanding of Chinese Spring Festival.
So I'm going to talk about it in this message.
First of all, I want you to know that Spring Festival has a special place in our mind.
Before New years's Eve, everybody prepares for it.
They hang the couplets, buy firecrackers, and do the cleanings.
When the clock strikes twelve, everybody get excited and bless each other.
During the Spring Festival, they take the vacations, eat a sea of delicious food and visit friends' home.
The fun seems to be endless.
They forget the weariness of the year and hope to have a better future.
And that's also the spirit of the Spring Festival.
Now, I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
In my opinion,as a student,we should study hard and master many skills,not only do we master all kinds of skills,but also we can have more advantages.We should believe we can have a good future.
One evening,I went jogging as usual and listening to rock music on my mp4 player.Then, I met a beautiful lady walking her puppy.At first glance,I recognized that she is my new neighbor Ruby and I was about to greet her.
All of a sudden,the cute puppy stopped to poo on the sidewalk.Seeing that,Ruby's face appeared the indication of annoyance.To my amazement,she just turned around and left.
I couldn't help but fly into a rage,and shot at her,"Wait!Ruby,it is your responsibility to clean up the mess your dog left.
"As soon as she heard my shot,she turned around and explained to me,"Sorry!I didn't do it on purpose,but I think it is not my duty,because the dog is not mine.There is a strange woman asked me to take care for her pet,she wanted to go to the lavatory.
From the incident,I learned that it's risk jumping to a conclusion without thinking twice.
Everyone has his own best friend.
Some people have many friends, some friends can be counted on one's fingers.
I think friends and friendship should be based on utility, pleasure and goodness.
First, friends should trust each other and help each other.
Should have a very good personality quality.
I have a lot of friends.
I think that is true friendship makes my life colorful.
How are you doing recently?In last letter,you have asked me to write about my best friend.Let me tell you something about her.
Her name is Irene.We meet each other in high school.We live in the same dormitory and soon become best friend.
Irene is not very tall and a little chubby.She looks very adorable.She has long,black and curly hair.She likes wearing casual cloths and she doesn't like tight cloths.
She is talkative.We always have a lot of topics to talk about.She is good at study and always help me to solve problems.She loves reading books.She knows lots of different kinds of knowledge.I learn something from her all the time.
I'm glad that I met her and we became good friend with her.We love to share secrets with each other.We have many comments on our interests, the way we behave and other things.I suppose we can be best friend forever.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I also joined in this activity.
And the activity I took part in was football.
As we all know, football has a long history and it has been popular among the entire world.
It can not only make us stronger, but also help us to relax ourselves.
It's also a good way to develop our friendship by playing football all together.
There are so many after-school activities in our school that you can choose the best one.
If you like doing sports, you can play football, play badminton, swim and so on.
Perhaps you are interested in English, you can watch English movie in the hall.
Join an activity you like, and you'll enjoy it.
My school is exceedingly substantial.
There seven classrooms and nine the teacher's offices are on the first storey.
There a library is on the first storey, too.
There are eight classrooms and elephant the teacher's offices are on the second storey.
There an art room is on the second floor, too.
There are ten classrooms on the third floor.
There nine the teacher's offices are on the third floor, too.
There eight classrooms and eight the teacher's offices are on the fourth floor.
There a computer room is on the fourth floor, too.
I like my school.
When we just set foot in universities, seems everything is different.
No more head teacher, no more homework.
Nobody cares we study or not.
After a year of college life, I have my own answer to this question.
Instead of the pressure from family or teacher, we are now facing a pressure from society.
Quoting a popular sentence structure, you read them or not, books pile there; you listen them or not, professors teach there; you use them or not, libraries stand there.
So we should learn to arrange our schedule, pack up the really important things from other activities, use our life in an appropriate way.
Except of study, another thing is to communicate.
Since we don't have a steady class now, we have to join some organizations like student union or student clubs to get away from lonely.
In such organizations, one can know the meaning of cooperation by experience.
The thing we do may not very important, but the process of working together really means something.
We realize that tenderness, patience, responsibility, kindness, and honesty can elicit similar response from others.
We know that the pay will finally be paid.
really gives us confidence to face the unknown future.
In short, I regard the university as a necessary transition in life, a door to society, and a path to independence.
In China,the Spring Festival is the most important festivai.During the Spring Festival,the people who work outside will go home and have reunion dinner with their family.It is the most happy time for some people in the whole year.
For me,the Spring Festival is really important .Because in Spring Festival,I can eat many delicious food,such as,dumplings skewers and fish.I often get fat after the Spring Festival because i have eaten too much.In Spring Festival,my parents as well as me need to visit many relatives.And they also visit my grandparents.
The Spring Festival contains Chinese history and traditionals.It is really important in many people's heart.
As we all know,internet is convenient for us in our daily life.When we have something in trouble,we can surf the Internet.And it can help us quickly.If we have long time no see old friends, the internet can let us see each other.We often can buy a lot of things in internet.But internet are really bring us benefits?
In my opinion,internet can make people apart,and face computer for a long time can damage our eyes.Many people will be addicted to online games.Thus will affect the work and studies.
So the internet is not only help us a lot,but also can affect us a lot.So we must make good use of the internet.Don't affect our life.
My mother calls him driver,his friends call him boss,he calls himself peasant,I call him father.My mother says he is family-oriented,his friends say he is very kind,he says himself is a beetle head,I say he is very humorous.
He is my father who is a tall and fat,he loves us.He spends a lot of time with us,he says he would rather spend more time with us than earn more money.So he bought three buses and hired two drivers,he spends two or three hours in his work and every week he has two days rest.
My father always put me as a friend,he never scolded me if I do something wrong he will tell me:"Maybe we should talk about this.
"And he always say:"You are a girl,you should often go shopping and go to some places where you want to go.
"He doesn't like me stay at home every day,he likes to accompany us to many interesting places.
Sometime he put me as a kid.In 2010,Chengdu were only a little bit of snow,when we went to Longquan mountain there were many people and snow had been stepped into ice.This ice is slippery,I was disappointed,then my father said:"Don't worry,dad will help you.
"And went to the mountain.Three weeks later I saw my father been take medicines,I asked my mother why she said:"Because you like snow.
"I was very sorry but my father said it's only minor injuries.
He is my father,he always tells me:"don't worry,dad will help you.
"He will accommodate all of me.
Subordination: a main clause and one or more subordinate clauses.
A subordinate clause will begin with a subordinate conjunction or a relative pronoun and will contain both a subject and a verb.
As technology develops ever faster throughout the world, the earth seems just like a multi-culture village to us.
Easy access to the world enables us to browse anything charming within our reach.
Meanwhile, however, more and more primitive culture are being found to lose their original status.
When it comes to Chinese traditional culture, I have to admit that I even didn't have any idea about how to express Terracotta Army in Xi'an, which actually is one of the world's greatest wonders.
Ashamed though I feel at the moment, I have a stronger desire in my heart and it tells me that we must do something to preserve the culture.
The most direct way I can think of is to give lessons regarding Chinese traditional culture to the kids, teenagers and also adults.
This may possibly arouse the awareness of Chinese culture and the protection of it among the audience.
Apart from the basic courses, some events with modern organizing patterns for civilians will be a great help to that.
I even suppose that a culture-related event in a community, which if possible, involves several foreigners to share culture protection strategies overseas, will give a shock to local residents.
Actually I don't think it will be a tough task for Chinese people.
Since the Ministry of Culture is always acting as the role to improve the spiritual level of China, we should firmly believe that Chinese traditional culture will never meet an end or death as long as we all hold the faith in ourselves.
No doubt, good health is important to everyone in any place and at any time.
Excellent in health, one can do everything that interests him or her and enjoy life to the fullest exten .
Poor in health, one cannot achieve what he or she desires.
Sports help everyone to keep healthy.
Physical exercises such as shadowboxing, walking and exercising through dance can quicken the circulation of blood .
Besides,physical exercises can also increase appetite and digestion .
In addition , sports help to take our minds from study temporarily .
Consequently , we can get good physical condition .Early to ded and early to rise makes a man healthy , wealthy , wealthy and wise .
finally , keep a good habit of diet .which is a key factor to keep healthy .Nobody can survive without food and nobody can grow well without a healthy diet.
Along with the development of technology, nations and nations merge into a big family, which called global village.
In the cultural shock, the Western culture impacts violently on many other cultures.
We should not just take in other cultures but preserve our innate Chinese traditional culture.
Firstly, we should get wise to the history of Chinese nation and increase our national honor form the historical development.
It is more important to make our own opinions of the history than to recite the events on the textbook.
By the past experience, we can have nowadays consideration and future tentative plan.
