When I recall this four-year life experience, I do feel reluctant from each aspect of life and study.
First of all, I didn't have a love relationship with any girls in the college.
I spent most of my spare time on Internet, which I missed the valuable period of my lifetime to fall in love with a girl.
It's always been said that you don't have a relationship in college is like you never went to a college.
What a shame when I look back, I probably don't have a romantic story about love to tell my child.
But on the other hand, I did learned something form the other side, which I have good mates.
They took care of you when you feel upset or homesick.
We share interesting stories that happened to us and future life all night long.
Secondly, I didn't pay my full attention to work on my major study.
This certainly lead to a failure on my final examination every term.
Although I've already had all the certification that need, I still feel I'm not prepared for job hunting.
This is not because I'm unconfident, but I know that I didn't fully concentrate on what I need to learn.
I can't imagine what I should do when I have a job.
Anyway, it's too late to regret right now, I need to pull myself together and do not let myself regret again.
College life is valuable, fortunately I experienced its beauty and I'm proud of this.
What I have learned at college will be the treasure along with my whole life.
You don't need to worry about accomodation, meals, transportation , and so on, saving you a lot of trouble.
You can chat with others and make friends with them.
The travel agency will guarantee your security.
And the route they adopt for you must be the most cheap and efficient.
And the scenic spots they suggest must be popular and enjoyable and admired by majority of people.
They think they can have ample time and enjoy the travel in a leisured pace.
They don't want to be in a hurry.
Some people say that package tours are not to make them really relax, but even more tired.
For some people with a adventurous and challenging nature they would even choose to travel as backpackers, which means they would like to explore a new rout to a new scenic spot, and often they have to carry their packs on their backs for most of the time, and its accompanied by possible risk of their life.
But they enjoy it.
They can see unique landscapes only for pioneers.
Today, with more and more people who have helped strangers get in trouble or even disasters, the issue of whether we should help strangers has aroused huge waves.
As for this issue, different people have different minds, so it's normal that people from different backgrounds hold different views.
And the arguments of these two parties are as follows.
Those who support the idea that we should not help strangers insist that when trouble is asleep, why shall we wake it up.
They think that it is enough only if they themselves always obey the law and never make any troubles in their daily life, then anything happen to others, especially strangers are totally none of their business.
So they don't think strangers deserve their help.
What's worse, it may be dangerous to help strangers.
When we turn on the TV or radio, these kinds of news about people are cheated by helping strangers are not new any longer.
What's the worst, some people are even killed by those who are rendered self-less help.
However, those who think we still should help strangers have their strong viewpoints.
In their opinion, as a part of the society,helping each other is necessary.
And in a sense, helping others means helping ourselves.
Because each individual on the earth may confront of various unavoidable difficulties.
Everyone in need will desire for others' help.
For instance, when someone's car happen to break down on their way back home, he will hope that he would be assisted by strangers driving by.
Now that everyone may need strangers' assistance and everyone may become the stranger one day.
In addition, helping strangers can help build up the credit system of the society and create a more harmonious world for each individual.
Let assume that everyone in the world neither believe each other nor help each other just because these are strangers.
If so, there would be more coldness but less warmth in the world.
As far as I am concerned, we should help strangers.
It's our responsibility to offer our help to strangers.
I think we are endowed with such a responsibility as long as we are still a part of the society.
Because each of us rely on others, strange or not, to maintain our normal life.
There is no denying that none of us can live as comfortable as now without supports from others in the society.
We need others offer foods for us, we need others to make clothes for us, we need others educate our children.
And all of these cannot be completed by a single man or woman.
There, we should treat the whole society as home so that we should regard each individual in the society as our family.
We can make it, we can put down our prejudice and distrust and help any strangers who are really in need.
Therefore, it is true that there are some people in our society apt to do something, which may hurt our hearts and disturb the system of credit, yet it cannot be the cause for our unbelieving any other strangers.
In order to make our society better and better little by little.
We are obliged to spare no efforts to believe each other and help each other in order to break the ice between strangers so that we'll make it possible to create a harmonious and happy society for each human to live in.
What is college?Why I go to college?Will I be a successful person after I graduate from college?All these questions will no longer be questions after you experience college life.
College is not a paradise but an arena.Actually,on the one hand it is an experience that contributes to young adult'growth and maturity.On the other hand it is also a stage where we compete with peers,shape our own personalities,get something but lose some at the same time.
College is not only colorful but also challengeable.The first step is studying by ourselves.Then we can take part in some activities to feel team-work spirit which will be an important element in our future career.What is more,interpersonal connections are also a part of our life,how to make friends,how to deal with it.Besides,a part-time job is a good choice for our growth,through this we can feel how hard our parents are and it is time for us to be mature.All in all,we can not only get intellectual abilities but also develop social skills as well as knowledge and wisdom necessary for choosing a future career.We do change a lot during our college years.
In our college we still hold our dream,we still hold our hope.After the process that we move from adolescence to young adulthood,we can truly understand the meaning of college.
I hope i can make a good performance today.
I'm confident that I can succeed.
I am 26 years old,born in shandong province .
I was graduated from Q university.
my major is electronic.and i got my bachelor degree after my graduation in the year of 2003.
I spend most of my time on study,i have passed CET4/6 .
and i have acquired basic knowledge of my major during my school time.
What is more important is do not forget to communicate with the interviewee,keeping a smile and keeping your talks interesting and funny can contribute to the success.
I think I'm a good team player and I'm a person of great honesty to others.
Also I am able to work under great pressure.
At present,as low-carbon lifestyle has been popular among people,some still do what they think is right but waste-full.
Then what is that,maybe one reducing the delivery of carbon.It is a serious problem in the world.But the solution to that is so easy that everyone can do it well.Now as a college student,we can contribute to the beauty of our home as long as we would like to do.We can try our best to use less plastics.Or ride bicycle instead of driving cars when we go out.If busy,taking buses is also a good choice.In addition,plant trees more if free.And so on.Of course,developing a good habit is helping much.All these are under the habits.So we,college students are supposed to take the responsibilities.
what is a good teacher?In my opinion,a good teacher should rich in knowledge and like smiling.In other words ,I think that a good teacher should kind and patient.She is not strict or unsmiling,but modest and open-minded.
And we have trouble in studying or in life,she care about the students.And when we make mietakes,she don 't tend to be angry with us.She loves to talk to the students,so the students just want to talk to her everything.
And the good teachers don't have favourite students,because it's not fair to other students.
Anyway,students'interest in this subject depends on the teachers' attitude and character.This is important.
The development of any society,the information technology more and more developed,We as students,come very naturally to walk in the front of the popular information technology.
There are a lot of instant communication mode,for example,QQ,MSN,fetion.Can say,our life has been inseparable from the network.
There are many communication advantages,can facilitate human contact,can enhance the feelings between people,but also broaden our horizons,let us understand more and more timely information.
As far as I am concerned,I think that there are both advantages and disadvantages.Instant communication,although it can bring a lot of convenience and joy to us,but also easy to let us too much addicted to the internet,disturb our life order.We should make rational use of instant communication,let it in the premise of not disturb our life rule to us more convenient.
With the majority of people achieve the success during their study, the competitions in the job markets become more and more intense, in other words, it is of difficulty to find a steady job.
In order to behave well, we ought to raise the awareness to prepare ourselves better.
First, we must absorb the knowledge as much as feasible in case of the troubles we will confront with in life.
Then, books can also become our nourishment for the mind.
With them, we have no difficulty in communicating with different kinds of friends in different fields.
Besides, as an interviewee, we train an ability to be confident and calm.
Third, what assists us to adapt to the environment of the workplace are to walk out the campus and walk into the society.
Accumulate more and more experience during the job.
From my perspective, learning is the fundamental preparation in my campus.
Also, the independent and mature thoughts must be fostered, to solve many troubles.
Only in these ways can we win in the employment.
Now ,we are going to compare two soft drinks.
.They has same size ---330 ml.
Fizz 's sales were much more higher than Solo 's.
We can see that Solo's sugar content was much lower than Fizz 's.
The target market is all people who are keen on sport , but the Fizz 's target market is teenagers.
The Solo offer drinks to select supermarkets or Health--food shops.
However, Fizz offer drinks to all supermarkets .Let's now turn to sale volume,The sale volume of Solo has two volumes.the second quarter is more than the first quarter.But the Fizz 's first quarter is higher than the second quarter.By comparing the overall, I guess Fizz is relatively good for us!
Last year,I am very happy when I heared admitted to university.As a freshman,I felt very fresh to everything in the university.Through one year of study,I have learned a lot.Not only have I learned how to live an independent life,but also I have made lots of friendship.
However,I also exist many shortage.For example,I did not get a good grades.May be I did not work hard enough,but I believe I can do better.
I also had some difficult last year,but I had to face up to it.There is no hard time the bar.
In a word,I had a happy also had sad.It was my life of the freshman.
Fierce competition exists in every times nowadays .
But education experts take different opinions about it , which some believe should be encouraged while others think not .
All we were known , who cannot be admitted to a famous university if his marks are lower than others .
But the things also has the advantages and disadvantages .
On the one hand , it is competition that drive us to move forward .
Otherwise , the products in the factories and the service in the restaurangts wouldn't be improved .
On the other hand , competition also brings us great pressure and do harm to our health .
For my personal , I think competition is good for us .
A good competition can improve us and make us learn more .
Only by accepting competition can we become skilled sailors .
In a work ,we should welcome competition , make the best use of it .
As far as my knowledge is concerned, the graduate students find jobs is more and more difficult, let alone find a job which you are interested in.
Many graduate students find jobs in spite of their specialty or the salary, When they are employed, they will be happy and encouraged.
As for the jobs, the economic and engineered jobs are still the most popular jobs without doubt, on one hand these jobs can earn a lot of money, on the other hand these jobs have a honourable status in nowadays society.
So many male employee want to gain such jobs, because they need more money to maintain their lives, for instance, they need to pay the loan of their house, so they have bigger pressure than female.
On the contrary, many female employee want to become teachers or nurses, it is obvious that these jobs are relaxed and leisure, it is suitable for women.
Some of them, think that the Internet is good, good has three, first,it can obtain knowledge, broaden horizons and meet new people and learn new things.
Second, net play is able to communicate with friends and sharing.
However there are also some students think Internet is bad, such as harmful to the eyes, addicting games will affect learning, and a waste of time and energy .
Finally, I would say I am of the view.
I found that after a lot of information, the role of the network is not do more harm than good, although some students addict, but if we use well, is a great help in learning .
Disney was looking for the character called Mickey Mouse for after years of trial and error ,and finally he found it .lt was first introduced in the cartoon Plane Crazy .Steamboat is one of the most famous Mickey cartoons it was the first sound cartoon .lt was a great achievement for him .And then ,his fame spread all over the world .Mickey became the cinema's most popular cartoon character .Mickey was a moralist with a sense of fun and he was loved by all ages .Walt Disney reached his peak of success with it .
Environmental protection will benefit us a lot .First ,it improves our condition by making our air purer and our water cleaner .lt is essential to work and study in a healthy living condition .Second ,environmental protection does good for the younger generation .lt doesn't only improve our children's health but also teaches our children a good altitude toward the environment .Third ,we can recycle used materials instead of throwing them away .We can get more material but produce less waste ,so it saves our resources .
On contemporary society, people in growing number are addicted to material wealth.
In contrast, because of the feeling in my first place, maybe I am a special man.
I'd like making friends in life and communicating with others in the work and the study.
From my point of view, communication plays a crucial role in our day-to-day life.
Everyone should communicate more with friends, parents and tethers, find better way to cope with and solve problem, and set realistic goals for our life.
As George Bernard Shaw had said, If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange apples then you and I will still each have one apple.
But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.
Communicating with friends will enhance our understanding and establish a more profound friendship.
In future, I may be a teacher, a researcher, or a businessman and so on.
However, I insist that spirit wealth, not material wealth, will always be in my first place forever.
Seize each golden minute and enjoy life.
A number of college students have some unhealthy habits,such as sleeping late,over-consumption and addicted to computer games and so on.Some people spend excessive time in lots of chatters and they like to chat with strangers.
Those unhealthy habits will affect the physical and mental health.When we go to bed very late last night,we will be very tired next day.So we can't concentrate all our energies on the study or the work.If we spend a lot of money,we will develop the habit of extravagance and make us learn to be vain.Some people are addicted to computer games.That can let us don't like to contact with people and influence the way we behave with our families.
How do we solve the problems?First,we should know the harm of the unhealthy habits of college students.Second,we can make a plan,what time to sleep and what time to wake up.Final,we can look for someone to oversee our.
Recently, I had a talk with an well-learnt junior, who imparted his secret of success in TEM four and intensive reading alike.
I benefited a lot from her.
Combining with my own experience, I have a better understanding of intensive reading.
First, before learning a new lesson, you should make it well-prepared.
Personally, you should spend at least three hours to preview it.
At the first step, you should read the text and try to appreciate it without looking up the new words.
At the second step, you should endeavor to appreciate as much as feasible with the help of the notes, glossary, dictionaries and reference books.
At the third step, you should surf the Internet to search for the information related to the background.
For example, if the text talks about the World War One, you should know when and how it happened and so forth.
Only do this, can you better understand the whole text.
Then, when taking the class, you should listen to your teacher carefully and take notes, which can largely contribute to your understanding.
As is known to us all, listening thoroughly one hour is superior to study independently two hours.
During the class, you can mark whatever you do not understand and discuss it with your classmates.
Only do this, can you fully understand the whole text.
Finally, after finishing the lesson, you should review your notes.
Also, you should read the text again and try to find the major points in the text.
It cannot be too good if you can exchange your ideas about the text with others.
Only do this, can you grasp the essences of this text firmly.
From the way I list above, I think you can have a clear thinking about how to learn intensive reading well.
If you have no idea about it, you can try to do it in this way and gradually you can find your own way.
What is the academic dishonesty?Academic dishonesty is that using other's views to deal with our assignments when we are not able to handle it.An old saying goes:"Honesty is the best policy"so,we should be honest no matter what we confront with trouble which cant be saved.
However,just like everything has both it good or bad sides,academic dishonesty also has its cons.To begin with,if we continue to academic dishonesty,we cant master skills and knowledge When we have exams,we cant write down anything.What's more,we are not keen on studying and haven't optimistic attitude award the matter we face.Besides,academic dishonest not only cause moral degradation also threatens the construction of harmonious society.
There are some ways to solve academic dishonesty.Firstly,teachers should change teaching stagy and keep an active atmosphere about the study.Next,the school may change the management,education system.Finally,as far as I am concerned,we should improve our quality and try our best to keep on the study.Anyway,we have to be honest to ourselves.
With the arrival of the 21st century, the progress of the information age some culture industry is the rapid rise.
People began to the pursuit of fashion.
I am certainly not the exception.
Pop is air, everywhere, there is always; Popular is the campus a scenery line, bring us joy, also brought some other advantages and disadvantages.
Although these popular wind lasts hot, to study, life add a lot of fun, it can make the person whose unintentionally, whole day thinking about playing online games, cause learning performance decline, thoughts falters.
My favourite TV programme is "Day Day Up".
Day Day Up is a talk show programme, the program was five hosts, and they invited many celebrities in all fields to participate in each program.
We could recognize something we don't realize before, and could understand and learn in a lot in the programme.
The reason why I favorite "Day Day Up" is that there is the one I like the host extremely, his name is Wanghan.
He is very famous,he is very humorous and talented.Of course, I appreciated the most was the way he talks.I learn how to communicate better with other people.What's more,I can learn the art of speaking,I can be a better girl.
I hope that "Day Day Up" will be better and better.
Nowadays, people more likely have dogs or cats as their pets.
Dogs and cats have their different features which can make their owners feel positive.
Nevertheless I think that dogs are superior to cats.
First, dogs are more loyal to their owners.
Dogs will keep company with their owners no matter what happened to their owners, even their owners die.
But cats won't be able to do the same things as dogs.
Second, dogs are more useful than cats.
Dogs can be good guards when strangers try to approach the owners' house; dogs can be qualified doctors and friends who can help autistic children; dogs can be helpful guides to blind people and walk with them.
Cats may catch mouses in the past, but now they needn't to do this.
Although cats also can do some good things to us, I regard dogs as our friend and I really appreciate what they do to us.
A carefully wrapped parcel that seemed to be undelivered exploded after it was returned nominal sender in 1978.
But it was treated as"the Junkyard Bomber" and wasn't paid attention by the police.Then the similar attack of terrorism also happened on an American Airlines originated in Chicago.
When the bomber lay silent for 16 months made law enforcement agencies relaxed, the unabomber appeared on the advertising executive Thomas's house.
The injuries that the accident reduced was more vicious than any before.
At the same time,several people received the unabomber's letters that requested respected papers to publish his "Manifesto".
For gathering the evidence,the government met his demands.By the writing style and quirky use of the aphorism,David pinpointed that the unabomber was his brother.After much soul searching,David and his wife made the painful decision to take their concerns to the FBI.Six weeks later,the task force arrested Ted kaczynski at his ramshackle cabin outside Lincoln,Montana.
Final sentencing wasn't smooth,because the Ted himself confirmed he wasn't a psychosis and his anti-technology thought was truth.While his victims' responses was unsympathetic understandably.At last,the court pronounced Ted four consecutive life sentences in prison.
I agree with some students tak afterschool classes.
I think, go to the afterschool can help us have a good grade and get in to a good highschool and they can learn how to draw pictures and dance and very smart .
Parents always want their children to be essuessful.
It is good for children start to learning from english.
I believe it is better if students go to the afterschool classes.
All in all go to the training classes will do a lot of good to children's future.
Hello,I'm J,monitor of Class One,Grade Eleven.I'm glad to konw you.I heard from my teacher that you will come to my school as a exchange student,welcome on behalf of my school.
Now,I want to introduce my beautiful school and my hometown---Tianjin.The weather in Tianjin ia very well,it's warm now.And Tianjin have many delicious foods,like Goubuli.I wish you will like Tianjin.Then,my class is unity.We like a family.And classmates are very friendly.We will gift some school books for you,and take them when we go to your school on July in this year.
As we know that frustration is a part of our life.
Frustration always follows us.
It can build up our stamina and help us become more and more strengthen.
In modern society, many college students aren't good at meeting frustration because of they are the only son or daughter in their family.
As a result of a lot of parents dote on their children ,more and more college students don't know how to deal with frustration.
Nowadays ,teachers and parents should have a proper way to lead college students to meet frustration bravely.Schools should offer students opportunities to strengthen,their ability in order to they can solve problems when they meet frustration.
I went to X for my first trip.
X is a very large autonomous region.It is in the northwest of China.I went there last year.With my family.
We were there by car.We passed through Hebei Province,the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Gansu provinces.We visited the scenery along the way.In these days we have two days to walk in the desert.
Really exciting.
On that trip,let me the most impressive is the Turks county.Its whole layout is a gossip.The road is straight in the right direction.Give a very deep impression.
We ate baked buns and pilaf in X,really delicious.
But I don't like to travel.
Reservation is a promise and guarantee of a table in a restaurant.You can make a reservation through phone,internet,fax and so on.And it has many advantages for both restaurants and customers.For the restaurants,it's helpful for making clear the number and name of customers,and also guaranteeing the efficiency and quality of service work.For the customers,it's a guarantee that the customers will have available table when they arrivel at the restaurants and enjoy the good and efficient service.
If you taking a reservation,you should follow these procedures.First,you should ask the basic information of the customers,such as customer's name,phone number,number of people,date and sit-down time and some special requirements.Second,if the employees didn't come on time,the restaurants should wait as long as possible.Third,the restaurants should provide service for those customers who don't make rservation.
In my opinion,if the restaurants want to improve the efficiency of the reservation service,the restaurants should treat the employees as their family,giving them more training.Only satisfied the employees,the employees could have more energy and do a good job.And the employees should show their truly and natural smile to make the customers like feel at home.
Hello,everyone,now let me take about myself,my name is X,I was born in 1996,I'm happy to walk into this big family,I'm a man of character,There are five people in my family,my father is a worker,my mother is a very kind person,and as everyone knows,Im a student,Everyone has his own interests.
Golgi said, the book is the ladder of human progress.
Indeed, a good book is like a noble person in and talk.
The book has an important position in every place, every time.
Helen is disabled, lost sight and hearing when she was two years old,but she has not been defeated by fate.
She used her knowledge to pave a way to the light.
And we are the lack of such a loving life and knowledge attitude.We should learn from Helen, learning her positive attitude towards life, learning her indomitable spirit of quality, it is also what we need.
The book house of gold, a beautiful woman in the book, as long as you read carefully, you can find another piece of land.
Read a good book can affect a person's life.How can read a book, edify sentiment, give a person with deep thinking space.
From Read classic books classics, to think, to children's personality is very good.
The children through these immortal literary works and understanding, to comprehend the world, knowledge and understanding of beauty, full of life, accept the influence character by environment.
Read professional books, increase knowledge; reading a relaxed story, pass the time; read serious academic books, increase personal accomplishment or enhance the force of what.
Or because of curiosity, or because of boring, you make this choice in reading or to the reading decision you already know the benefits of reading these books.
In the taste of the scenery in the book, you'll find out in the book the world is very big, very exciting, can not help but fall.
There are a number of social activities around our college life, but lots of students are a lack of social practices.
Some of them think that university students should take learning as the first place and the practices is not the most important.
And another don't like social practices because the activities are too boring.
However, those students may misunderstand the social practices.
As is known, the university is our last four years to learn in the peaceful time and is a period of transition form school to society.
It is important for us to join all kinds of social activities.
We can learn a great amount of knowledge that we never learn in class and develop our social skills.
In addition, the most interesting is that we can make new friends, play with them and feel association power of a team.
As my view, I approve of taking part in social activities because I can learn many from them and they help me to develop myself.
As a word, they improve myself and I just like it.
At first, English is a kind of international language.
As long as we learn English well, we can communicate with foreigners easily and have more opportunities to succeed in the future.
Second, learning English is a rewarding experience of my life.
Sometimes, I feel it full of challenge,however, at the same time, I learn about another culture and know of the world clearly.
In addition, I'm fond of English very much, it make me taste the bitterness and sweet.
Nowadays,low-carbon lifestyle has become popular among people,with the improvement of people'life.
Low-carbon lifestyle is a lifestyle ,which people produce less carbon and make more oxygen in the earth.The reason why people put up with the concept is that the earth we live in is becoming warmer and warmer which causes changes of the climate.
As a university student,we can contribute to low-carbon life.
First,we can change our lifestyle.When we go outdoors,we can take the bus or walk rather than take the taxi.In addition,we are able to spread low-carbon lifestyle.For example,we can carry out some activities to attract more people to join us.The last but not least, we can study hard,so that we can make more environmental technology and tools to push the development of the society.
All in all,low-carbon lifestyle is being accepted by people all over the world.
Nowadays,it is a tendency for people to use E-Book instead of traditional book.The E-Book widely used in modern society .As we all know,with the development of science and technology,electronic books are becoming more and more popular.
Some people in favour of using E-Book,because they think that E-Book has a lot of advatanges.E-Book can provide more wonderful contents when you just click the mouse.And the traditional book is limited quantity,however,the E-Book can offer everyone read.But the others who against using E-Book argue that E-Book will cause many problems.Tt needs electricity.It will be harmful to our eyes if we keep reading them for a long time,and they are more expensive.
In my opinion,E-Book is the best choice for us,the reason is that the E-Book is more convenient for us and it can offer us more knowledge than traditional book.So,I am in favour of the E-Book.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
It's nothing better than a good family,I often want a good place to live,for exa near by rivers.
So comefortabe I am.
I will fight for that .
By the job I want to set up a cookice shop.Cook dessert can bring hope and happy.So I want to get that job,because I am happy too.
For the free time, I think I will study art .
Draw a amazing which is my favouertie dearm.what's more that is reading,reading book feel me like rebrith.
It's me of ten years after ,I want to write a letter to him.Tell him ,I am hoping that.
My favorite animal is fox.
It has two small ears.
Two round eyes, four legs, and a big tail.
It can run very fast.
It eats other animals.
Sometimes how to make friends is not an easy task for students.
And the schoolgirl come out smile on her face, reaching out her hands to accept the gift.
In my opinion, this behaviour is a quite serious way to make friends.
Students would develop a worst world's view provided that it more and more popular in the majority of the students.
relationship in society.
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your today and makes your future for better.
However, the friend which pays the money to become is hardly to be the true friend.
So, I think the true friend would take time and real heart to develop, not money.
In fact, we are all students though we can't earn our life by ourselves.
Thus, we should not use money but those which can show our concern and real heart.
From this picture,we can see that online rumors whom effect like lands do great harm to people.
As we all know,online rumors are harmful to us.Nonetheless why online rumors affect us so much?In my opinions,there are four reasons:the first,online rumors transmit faster than other ways.The second,following the development of Internet,increasing number of the Internet become Internet users.And online rumors transmit widely by means of the Internet.The third,the effect that society has on people.So many bad things happened in recent years so that people feel unsafe in this environment.Bad memories and fear of society make people trust the rumors easily.The fourth,someone's bad qualities and the blackness of law.
How to solve this problem is still a question.Form my views,do believe our society and ourselves is the most essential.And the Nebs should be strict with the news which is presented in Internet.
Then the government should take measures and make some laws to reduce the online rumors makers.
Firstly,I think college full of conviviality and wish that makes me devotion.
In college,we can learn more what we can't learn from textbook.
I love all of my college,so I couldn't squander four years of my college life,I need spend a meaningful college life.
Personally speaking,as a college student,study is the most important for us,so we should be serious in class.
In addition,we should make the best of our spare time to do something significative,such as reading after school books,sports or see a movie and so on.
But proper relaxed ourselves is necessary,too.
Hopefully,my college life will be rich and memorable.
A lot of people hold different point of view towards success.Of course,there is no doubt that everyone urge to be a triumphant person which means status,money and reputation.However,people frquently eager to pursue success to ignore the method.
I've heard of such a famous word"Give me six hours to chop down a tree,and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe".It threw my mind back to my childhood,at that time,our teacher always said,"To achieve success,strong will superior to method and no shortcut to the road of success,only rely on our own efforts perseverance.
"I think,during the period,we may have ups and downs,but we can't just tell merely from appearance whether serbacks will turn out unfavourable to us or not.There's as good fish in the sea,as ever came out of it.So never give up.
Above all,as long as we put things right and hold on,the light of victory isn't far away from me.
Nowdays,with the rapid development of society,our living standard has improved a lot.Compered with the past,many changes in the way we live has happened now.
In the past,people lived a hard life.They were often lack of food and money.And many people couldn't attend school so they didn't accept education especially the women who have no rights.Besides,they have no cellphone at that time.So it isn't convenient that they chat with others.
Howevre,today,many changes has happened.We can learn technology in the classroom at the school.Women and men have equal rights.Furthermore,with the rapid development of science,we all live in the information time.We who are not out of home can chat with our all friends,families and colleagues and shopping.Therefore,we should cherish today's life.
Nowadays,shopping online is becoming a lifestyle and it's especially welcomed by young people.However,shopping online is like a coin of two sides.It has many advantages while it still has some disadvantages.
First,it's convenient for us because shopping online could help save us a lot of time and energy.But this very convenience results in unhonest in goods.For example,the goods in online shops have many quality problems and we couldn't touch and check the goods until we buy it and receive it.Second,we can choose our favorite product from many goods and do this activity in a little time.But just because of so many goods.We always are confused by it and spend a lot of time on it.
So what should avoid it's goodness and avoid its' shortcomings?As I consider is that we should do just follow one principle that should be benefic for us.If we follow this principle,our life will be more bright and happy.
Mobile phone has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.Some students believe that mobile phone should not be restricted in the library.Others argue that the opposite is true.But I think a bit differently.
In school,most of the students bring mobile to e-reading room.So not only have the effect of learning,but also disturb the other students.But we also is not difficult to see.Many students use their phone access the information.
There is no doubt that restrict mobile phone in library has its drawbacks as well as merits.But we should correct use of mobile phone in the library.So the school need not restrict mobile phone in the library.
I have a beautiful school.
There is a library in the first floor.
There are a lot of books in library .
There is a PE office beside library.There are six PE teacher in it .Our PE teacher is first .
There is an art room in the second floor .
There are ten tables and sixth chairs in the art room.
There are some class in the second floor .
There are grade three and grade two in the second floor.
There are some class in the third floor.
There are grade four and grade one in the third floor.There is a music room in the forth floor.There is a big piano in the music room.
I am Class five Grade five .My class is beside music room.
Ilike my school .
Do you like it.
As is known to all"Honesty is a virtue admired everywhere, while dishonesty is generally despised and condemned".The children are taught to be honest when they are very young.
However,with the rapid development of the progress of the society and economy, we often hear complaints about dishonesty  appearing in the media.
instead they cheat others.Those people may succeed for a time,but at ,but sooner or later,they will be caught.
When someone found him dishonest, they began to distance herself from him.
we should remind ourselves that dishonesty and deception can merely win short-term trust,but only with honesty can we build a durable and steady relationship.To be honesty,we can get what we need.
Maybe there are people who agree with the view.But for my part, it is rather unilateral that I can hardly approve.
It is cruel that the death penalty deprives so many lives, most of us cannot bear to see criminals sitting on the electric chair, hung on the scaffold or see the bullet rushing through their heads.
We see them lying down on the ground with eyes opening wide on their stiff face, staring at the scenery which they can not see any more.
We see the parents and children's eyes filled with tears and their beloved ones gone from the world, leaving only memories.
We question ourselves.
Once there were a family which went sightseeing by plane, children pressed their face against the window, giggling and watching the scene in the sky, discussing with their parents about the exciting trip which they have anticipated for long, but suddenly there came a hijack, the whole family soon disappeared with the plane smashing a tall building.
Childrens' laughter and panic were all buried in blast and fire, never came back.
Or we say that one man killed seven innocent youngsters, just owing to his revenge motive for the community.
It is true that they are also human, they have rights, faiths and beliefs.
But we can not pretend not to see the families sink in great pain of losing their beloved ones.
The blood stream of the dead are shocking.
I do not want to see despair and sorrow in the victims' eyes once more.
We can not deny the criminals' guilt, and we also can not deny the victims' pain.
The death penalty may be seen as a step back, but I think there are people who feel no need to adapt to the social norms.
There are still evils and people who deserve punishment even though they may think it is murder.
Death caused by another is not always murder and the death penalty should not be used so freely, but there are cases that people deserve death and there are many issues when their guilt are verified.
People who kill for the fun of it will not stop and can not be rehabilitated.
There is no real motive in the death penalty.
It is just a punishment that should only be used when no other options will work.
Only when people behave properly and base on the consciousness of morality, when they are fully aware of what should be done and what should not and when there is no need for punishment will that be the time to abolish the death penalty.
In recent years, it has become more and more fashionable for college students to take a part-time job in their spare time.
There is considerable controversy over the opinion about whether part-time job will affect their education.
While it is true that a student's most important goal must be to learn and to do well at his studies, it does not need to be the only goal.
In fact, a life which consists of only study is not balanced and may cause the student to miss out on other valuable learning experiences.
In addition to bringing more balance to a student's life, part-time work can broaden his range of experience.
He will have the opportunity to meet people from all walks of life and will be faced with a wider variety of problems to solve.
Furthermore, work helps a student to develop greater independence, and earning his own pocket money can teach him how to handle his finances.
Finally, a part-time job can help a student to develop a greater sense of responsibility, both for his own work and for that of the team he works with.
With the development of our technology, internet has penetrated into all the aspects of our life and work.However,at the same time Internet provides services for us, it is inevitably invading our privacy to some degree.
So, how to keep our information safe?As far as my concrened,its important to fill out the form about our information carefully.
The services on most websites require our registering.
If we want to enjoy these services, we have to provide much private information, including our names, gender, address, telephone number and sometimes bank account.
Due to the poor Internet administration and weak network security, our information might be open, stolen or sold.
Even sometimes the information will be misused by the criminals.If we consider about the safety and dont fill out our innformation ,maybe there wont be some trouble about our privacy.
Considering the above mentioned, we must enhance the alertness when using the Internet.
First, when we need Internet service, we should always log on those big legal websites.
Second, if the service requires important private information, you should think twice before you type in it.
For certain ,my answer is "yes", and I think everyone's answer is the same too.
Nowadays more and more schools let students evaluate their teachers after one year or one semester, and schools will draw a grade to teachers base on those evaluations.
It seemed that students evaluate their teachers is become a general behavior.
Probably one of the most important advantages of students' evaluation of teachers is that it could improve the education quality.
For example, the low-grade teachers would try to make up their disadvantages, and pay attention to improve their works and satisfy their students.
At the same time, if the high-grade teachers want to keep advance ,they must make more effort to improve their teaching methods.
However teachers cannot satisfy all their students,they would feel stressful about it.
Because there always some students are prejudiced against their teachers.
Then the evaluation would be not fair to those teachers.
So schools must ensure that the evaluation would be fair to all teachers before they let students evaluate their teachers.
As far as my life,after-school activities is one of the most important parts of in my life.Ijoin some clubs at school.On the weekend,Iused to doing spoets or watching English films,When Ifeel tired,they can make me relaxed,I also learn the knowledge from them.
But how can we choose the after-class activities which suit us,There are some pleces of advice.
First,we must make sure we don't waste the time for learning to do activities.If it takes too much time,you'd better fail it.seeondly,we should choose positive activities.Then,We can choice activities to improve your abilities.For example,a fat man tabes exercise eveny morning.Furthermore,do it if it is your hobby.
It is the activities which change your lives.Taking good activities makes our lives rich and colourful.
Yesterday,I had a quarrel with my parents.The quarrel began with a small thing that I want to cut my hair.My parents thought that a girl should have long hair because long hair can make me like a fair maiden.
But I don't think so.As for myself,short hair is suit for me and it's easy to clean.At last,I had to compromise.After that,I gave my best friend a call and told her this thing.She told me that she has the same experience as me.So I realized that the generation gap is very common at present.
Nawadays, with the development of economic, the internet has become the important part of people's life.
For example, computer, cellphone.
For many people, the internet as a main source of new.
But for others, the newspaper is a better way.
As far as i am concerned, the internet is better.
First, the internet is covenient way to get information, you needn't to pay any money for it and you needn't to line up for alone time to buy it.
Besides, you can get the information that you want to know by the internet, and you can choose the font size and the format of news.
However, newspaper including all kinds of news.
And some news that you are not interested in, let alone to change it into you favorite format.
Forthmore, as we know, paper is made by trees, and cut trees is bad for our envirnment.
But the internet only need technology that promote social progress.
In a word, i think that the internet is one of covenient way to get information.
And we live in a technology society, why not use the technology products.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of us think it necessary to get online frequently because we can acquisit knowledge and broaden our horizons.what's more,we can communicate with friends as well as relaxe.
On the other hand,other of us think we shouldn't get online frequently.In their opinion,using computer too much is bad for our eyes.Besides,we maybe lost ourselves in playing computer games and chat.
If we get online frequently,maybe waste less time and effort.
Therefore I am fully convinced that if we use computers and the Internet in moderation,we will learn better in the future.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.In the evening before the Spring Festival,families get together and have a big meal.Dnmplings are alwayes the most traditional food.Children like the Spring Festival very much.Because they can wear new clothes ang get money from their parents.Adults are also enjoy the Spring Festival because they can have a good rest after the whole year's work.People often visit relatives during the Spring Festival.
Before the Spring Festival,I go shopping with my parents,cleanand decorate our home.On the Spring Festival,we cerebrate it at home.On the eve of the new year,my families get together and had a big meal.After the meal,we watched TV.When it was twelve o'clock,we set off firecrackers to express our happiness.
A new year reprsents a new beginning.In the new year,I should do better,in each respect to strive for further improvement.
As is well known, friends are forever wealth for everyone.
Among that wealth, I would never forget Wang Cong, who was one of my best friends in high school.
Wang Cong was an ordinary girl with medium height, light brown color, big eyes and small face.
The moment I saw her at first sight, I noticed her short black hair which showed she was an energetic and outgoing girl.
She was usually dressed in sport wear because she liked sport and simple clothes.
Wang Cong was so diligent that she seldom wasted her time to chat or do something unrelated to study.
When we were desk mates in high school, I was astonished at her speed and efficient.
Sometimes I just started to do English homework, and I found that she had already finished it.
I didn't even know when she started it.
Stimulated by her efficient, I had great improvement in study when I sat next to her.
She was quite considerate and caring like an elder sister.
Whenever I was low in spirits, she would sense it quickly and came to comfort me.
Once I failed the important math exam, I felt extremely worried and upset about my grade.
I didn't want to eat anything at that time.
Later, she came into the classroom and asked me what happened to me.
Then we took a walk on the playground and chatted about everything.
We shared sorrow and happiness with each other regardless of the time.
She also gave me some suggestions in study and told me her funny story.
We have talked for two hours.
And we didn't realize it until the bell rang.
We rushed into the classroom together.
After entering the classroom, an apple was passed on to me with a note saying "Maybe you are hungry.
At that time, I felt quite warm in my heart because I thought she was not only a friend, but also like an elder sister who cared for me.
Since then, we do not only talk everything with each other including study, affection and family, but also share secrets with each other.
For me, Wang Cong is a good listener and a sister.
Among my friends, she was the most capable one.
Wang Cong was so capable of cleaning that her bed was always the cleanest one in our dorm.
She also did well in cooking and housework.
Besides, she was good at memorizing and persuading.
She usually participated in sports meeting and got good grades.
She was also good in bargaining and choosing.
She didn't buy expensive goods and waste money.
Everything she bought was economical in money and useful in daily life.
In my mind, she was like a superwoman who was capable of everything.
Wang Cong was very enthusiastic and warm-hearted.
She was always ready to help others whenever she was needed.
All the classmates and teachers thought highly of her.
She always did everything possible to help other people even though she was occupied with something else.
As for me, Wang Cong is more than a common buddy.
She is like a big sister, an adorable teacher and a dear friend.
A friend like her is a good gift bestowed by God.
Nowaday,there are two opinions to learn English on our country.
One is to we should strengthen the English learning.
Because we can learn advance technology.
Learning English will make us contribute to international communication.
At the same time also can understand western culture.
Another idea is we learn English from overheating.
Because we put too much, but have been relatively low.
And we havelearned is useless.
The main is to cope with the exam.
These two ideas that have to be wrong.
But I'm more inclined to the first view.Because learn English make us learn some things.
That'my opinion.
Whenever i was drunk in my deep memory, the scene of the fact that i was mending a toy car would flash in my mind.
Not only do i cherish that memory well is just that is a part of my growing up when i was big enough to understand what my parents wanted to tell me, but also i did learn it and it has been in the promotion to my life still.
Actually, the story began with a toy car which i broke, then i cried not knowing how to fix it.
And i never thought it in that way.Simple as it was that the things you never dared to try before finally may surprise you.
By the way, a sense of creation, a sense of purposes, and a try are a part of my motto now.
You don't ever have to lead a life for fear of the gossip, you don't ever have to think about what others think of you, and you don't ever have to think the way that you are not good enough to equal him or her, because i have news for you that maybe you are not a good employee but you may be a good boss and maybe you are born to be a leader.
The more you dare to give an attempt, the more you will recevie in the end.
Last sunday,I hear from a letter from my good friend.
John.
I know he want to my hometown.
I live in Fuyang,AnHui province about 20years since i was born.Myhometown is a beautiful place.There are many trees,flowers,rivers and so on.If john comes here,i hope with him go to WenFeng tower.The tower is about 40m hight.It is more than 1000 years history.Many tourists will visit the tower from all over the world every year.So it is worth visting.HuaiHe is our mother river.I drink the water growing up.There sceneary is very beautiful.What is more,There are all kinds of fishes in the river.
This is my hometown.
I love it very mush.
Learning how it differs from man to a man,but the ways is beneficial,of course,them exist harmful.My Favorite Way of Learning is what teachers exchange with students.Like this,classroom atmosphere can full enliven us.We will more active devote to studying and knowledge of learning will firm.If teachers only blindly write content to the blackboard,the most of students have no interest.
I like self-learning too.lying quiet on flower with a book or myself do solve a difficult problems.I feel very cheerful when i can deal with then for most right ways.
Now, more and more persons begin to take in English.
And almost everyone around us can speak a little English.
In my opinion, the cause why we take in English is extremely simple and clear.
Now, English has become a world language.
And we du besiness with foreigners of form and open, we should speak English.
The world meeting always use English; many important books are in English.
There are more than one hundred countries make English as their native language or second language.
As a result, we should take in English.
As we all know,we live in 21st century, This is a century which consists of knowledge and science.
So, as a student.
We should pay more attention to the education, because education is the most important way for us to enlarge our knowledge.
For example, a man who has admitted to the university may have more chance to find a well-paid job.
By contrast, some people only graduated from senior high school or junior high school.
They are lack of professional knowledge,so they even can't ask for a chance of an interview.
On the other hand, many countries have published laws to protect people's right of being educated.
In China, the government has published the Nine years of compulsory education in 1986.
And the government appropriates one hundred million dollars to develop education.
Not last but least, education is the symbol of a country's real power.
We may be surprised why the America can be so powerful, but do you know that nearly 80 percent Americans have accepted the college education.
This is the reason why the America is so powerful.
In a word, if we want to be powerful we should realize the significance of education.
Now,we are entering a brand new age full of opportunities and innovations,and great changes have take place in people's attitude towards some traditional viewpoint.
It is reported that many young people prefer to work rather than continue their education.They think a person without higher education could also get a decent job.They want to make use of their knowledge and get working experience.
Each student would have his or her own idea about whether to continue their education or to work as for me study is more important than to work.I chose to attend college because I felt it was a practical and necessary step I took to ensure a secure future for myself.
Also, a college education has become necessary to find a worthwhile position.So I never think college education is a waste of time and money.
Nowadays,pet is a hot topic in society.Different people take different attitudes towards it.
Alomst every family has a dog,a cat or a rabbit as a pet.
Some people are inclined to keep pets for the following reasons.Firstly,they can bring us happiness,when we have something unhappy and don't want to tell anyone else.We can always talk with our pets,though perhaps they don't understand at all .Secondly,when we are alone,when adults are busy and have no time to look after their parents,pets will always best friends to olds.
Other people,however,don't argue with that.They think keeping pets will also bring us quite a lot trouble.Most pets are very dirty and they have lots of diseases with them which will make us ill.Sometimes,a dog will bite someone who may just want to touch it to express his friendship.In this way ,pets will also make people unhappy.
To me,keeping a pet is more attractive in that not keeping pets.Which is an advantage of bringing me happy,and,my personal experience certainly drives me to choose to keep a cat as pet.
As is known to us that reading has big effects on one's growth and learning.
however,when it comes to the learning style,different peopie have different views.
The majority of people hold the point that reading good books can light the spark of emotion within us that motivates us to read more,understand more.In addition,reading can make our spirit brightness.The rest of them think that practice is the best learning style.In their view,we are supposed to make full use of our senses to explore the world.On the thing,we can have a thorough comprehension of things.One the other thing,we can accumulate our experience of doing things and imporve the ability to practise.
In my opinion,reading is a traditional way of obtaining knowledge and knowing the world.As it was said before,we will be profound and more thoughtful.But,as the proverb goes'every coin has two sides',we will achieve nothing if we don't put it into practice.Contrary to reading,we have more chances to reading,we have more chances to touch things through practice that can provide us with practical experience.as is discussed,we should pay attention to reading as well as practice.Only in this way will we be more outstanding and experienced.
English is the most widely used language in the world.How to remember new english words ?
I have some advice for you.
You should take notes in class.And you also can read the new words more to remember it.I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your rome.You must listen to the teacher carefully in class.read the words when you see them ,and try to use them.
Don't worry.
I believe you will certainly remember the new words.
Nowadays, the topic of parent-children relationship is going to hot.
In the daily life, we often heard that many children quarrel with their parents about some trivial things or complain to their friends that parents don't understand them.
And then the generation gap between children and parents has been established and would be enlarged.
The reason of this phenomenon is that parents and children don't know how to get along well with each other and therefore causing many conflicts, which intensify the relationship.
I feel that a good parent-child relationship should be set up on the basis mutual understanding and respect.
We would consider this issue from two aspects.
As the parents, they can not impose their ideas on the children who as an independence individual.
It's advisable for the parents to learn how to listen to their children's ideas and encourage them to think on their own instead of decide everything for the children.
They would make friends with them and give children suitable time for amusements.
Moreover, it's favorable to set a good example to children and guide them correctly.
As the children, we should listen to parent's advice for they're more experienced.
Try to understand the reasons which lead to disagreement.
Always keep one thing in mind is that whatever the parents do come from their love.
We should be grateful.
It's necessary for the children to exchange their mind with parents from time to time.
In all, communication is more important part between the parent-child relationships.
Mutual understanding and respect would come a striking distance of parents and children.
Along with the continuous development of our society, people pay more and more attention to the sense of happiness.
Happiness is a battery of pleasant and joyful feelings or emotions which the human beings derive from their own material or spiritual satisfaction and safety.
Needless to say, it's the dream of people to lead a happy life.
As is evident in many investigations, there are different ways to enhance the sense of happiness.
For example, some people think that earning more money and becoming rich will make them happier.
Some people consider that it is essential for us to be healthy and safe.
Others believe they are able to experience an intense sense of happiness in making achievement both in study and work.
According to these opinions, not only does the enhancement of happiness come from the material aspect, but also contains the spiritual aspect.
As a social animal, only when we have willingness and honesty to communicate, and get along well with others can we spiritually get sublimation, making ourselves feels much happier.
As a university student, I think we should attach much importance to mastering skills and acquiring knowledge to develop our talents and become powerful in mind.
This will definitely increase our sense of happiness.
In a word, on how to enhance our sense of happiness, different people have different views.
As promising youths, we should not just base our happiness on material enjoyment.
Instead, the more effective way to strengthen the sense of happiness is to enrich our spiritual world via making real friends and building our knowledge.
I had a great time in China.When I arrived here,I went to a Chinese middle school.They were very warm.I had classes with them and exchange a little.
After class, we did some sports.That was interesting.
The next day they took me around the places of interest.We paid a visit to the Forbidden City in the morning and climbed the Great Wall in the afternoon .After visiting, we appreciated Peking Opera in a tea house .
Unfortunately ,I could not understand a word.
A few days later, I caught the most important festival to Chinese,the Spring Festival .Everything was decorated in a joyful way.Children wore new colourful clothes.In the evening,the host's relatives came and said 'happy new year' to each other.Then they invited me to join their big dinner.At the midnight ,fireworks appeared in the deep blue sky.People started to celebrate again and eat dumplings.
The life here made me feel wonderful and I'd like to stay with them for another few days.
We can learn through a variety of ways.
Some people think that reading plays an important role in our life.
It can broaden our horizons and learn a lot.
On the contrary, others believe that real knowledge comes from practice which has an important influence on them.
At the same time I agree on the first view that a right book can light an emotional spark.
As a student, I find the importance of reading in our learning and growth.
No sooner had I entered the primary school than I began to read books.
Little by little I benefit a lot from it.
For instance, written by Luo Guanzhong's romance of The Three Kingdoms which is one of the four great classics in China.
It describes many things from the late han dynasty to the early Jin dynasty, about one century.
After reading it, I understand what is true friendship and how to make friends in a complex social.
More importantly, I know how to survive in trouble.
It is important for me to enter society and deal with a lot of things.
No one can deny the fact that it is an excellent book, even if it has disadvantages.
In addition, it is also the author real psychological refraction, on account of living in a particular time.
Besides these, I know how to be a man and tell the difference between right and wrong.
All in all, I view a good book as a friend.
No matter how much one has experienced, he can't enrich his knowledge without reading books.
As a result, I hope we can read more books.
As far as I'm concerned, the more books we read, the better the ability to solve the problem.
Then we will accumulate a lot of knowledge which helps me to enter society.
In my opinion, no matter what difficulties you meet with in life, you can turn to them for help and they will never discard you.
As a consequence, let's read together for our future and become a pillar of the national.
Recently the phenomenon about some famous athletes and entertainers earn millions of dollars every year has become a heated topic.
If you ask me,I would answer yes.
In my opinion, they deserve such high salaries.
First, there should pay a lot before they become famous .
What they paid was unimaginable.
For example, Jet Li as a famous entertainer earns millions of dollars every year, but do you his childhood was how .
When he was a child, he must do a lot of training in order to get good grades in a match.
While his training was cruel.
This kind of similar examples are many, such as Jackie Chan, Yao Ming and so on.
These money as efforts to return.
What you will pay off.
Because of this, I think they should have them.
The next, they would use a lot of money in other aspects after they become famous, and the amount of money may be huge .
As we all Liu Xiang is a famous 110m hurdle runner, his training and other activities require a large amount of money, because of this he deserves it.
In accordance with the above, I support this view.Although some stars' income and pay is disproportionately, while they are in the minority.
I firmly believe that more gain for more pay, and god help those who help themselves.
If left to eat the Spring Festival, it may become incomplete Spring Festiva.so,I want to speak my Spring Festival about eat the thing.New Year's day,we Laoqilai dumplings put into the Siwan, in each bowl also take some soup.
As eat too fast, and the tongue are felt.We all want to eat a mouthful of oil, then happy to see the brilliant television.Hwe will paste the couplet, and pasted door god, and then, and grandparents, uncles and aunts who together Qidu reunion meal.Happy to eat the meal is a stress, as we here, generally speaking, there are two three sons, on the eve of his son's day to eat at home turn.
During the Chinese New Year, everyone's faces are covered with smiles.
As far as I am concerned,The most regretful thing in the world is nothing but realizing that it's too late to work hard.
So the saying--"the early bird catches the worm.
"is justified.
Speaking of that, I memorize a girl once lived in my neighborhood .
Every evening , she was playing the violin when I lost myself in the story of TV play.
At the beginning ,I cannot bear the noise made from her play .
When I complain about it to her , she said sorry sincerely but she was also said she would not give up.
As the time passed , I was surprised at the wonderful music from next door.
"You cannot be too studious if you want to realized your dream .
"She said to me with smile before she moved.
No success is unreasonable.
Genius only means hard-working all one's life.
As is too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted,we should wake up earlier and work harder.
My new college life took me into a holy place.
when I went to the beautiful school,I found it bigger than I fee, also, I uauslly lose my way in the college.
However there many warm-hearted sister school seniors who lead the way for us.
So that we has to rely on him in the school.
Entering the college.
I realized that our high school teacher said the university and the high school is not the same.Because in the university, we who doesn't know each other and far away from the parents will feel very lonely To be honest,My mood is very contradictory, because I was an introverted girl, So I was afraid and ralationship between classmates roommates processing is not good.
But when I really stared my university life, I had concerns all have no.
because every one of us is so eager to make more new friends.
With the time going by.
In my new life at university, we not only realized the start a new way of life and learn more practical theory.
I should not only learn to handle their own affairs, but also more reasonable arrangements for their own time to learn.
It is because we are all the time so far away home.
In the protection of no parents we can batter learn to be independent.
The new college life let me deeply appreciate the joys and sorrows of life,let me more cherish the time also to have the friend.
In the future i will be a better interpretation of their own.
Hi, I'm Lihua a 18-years girl.
I am studying in Beijing normal university attached Daxing middle school of grade three.
I want to be a volunteer to help others.
I am good at speaking English and I like playing basketball and running.
I live in the native and I am good at communicating with people.
I like helping person who is with trouble.
Helping others is helping myself, seeing people smiling I also happy from bottle to the heart.
I promise I will offer the best service to person who needs my help.
Hope you can think about my application carefully.
I am looking forward to receiving your good news.
AIDS is a terrible virus.More and more people died of it.We have watched the vedio about AIDS yesterday.The patients look so skinny in the screen,that is terrible and I can't help crying.There eyes tells me they need help.I feel pity for them.Everyone has the right to live but they are illness,they are painful and need our help.However,a lot of people discriminate against AIDS patients,that's wrong.We should communicate with the AIDS patients.Let them know that we are concerned about them.
Time passing by, I myself also have changed a lot.
To tell the truth, I could not remember clearly about what I have done in the past three years.
What kept in my mind is vague fragments.
However, I know that as a senior, there are so many things waiting to be done.
Whatever path I choose, I need to work hard.
One is never too old to learn.
In order to improve my English level, I have made my mind to read more.
But to make me more easily admitted by companies, I have applied for the examination.
Of course, I would try my best to accomplish tasks.
Actually, I have kept the habit of extracting some beautiful or meaningful sentences from books I have been reading.
But in the past, I just transferred them from books to my notebooks without reading them again.
Now that I have such an opportunity, I mean to translate some from them.
Actually, I got more English translation materials than Chinese one, but after all, it's the task of translating Chinese to English.
I am reading one Chinese book which was written by Ji Xianlin.
It's like some kind of philosophy.
Although I donnot know whether it is suitable to be translated, I have made up my mind to get some from it.
Compared with some other books, novels are much to my taste, so I plan to translate some articles which have plots.
It has no doubt that I would just extract some segments to translate.
Moreover, I would like to choose two poems.
Maybe I would not do it well, but I think that poems make us more comfortable and feel beauty.
At last, I would like to translate commercial correspondence, advertisements, news, and prohibition items.
I donnot plan to translate material which are in the same form all the time.
As a student majoring in English, I fully understand that I need to learn some other skills to strengthen my competence, but my problems are that time is limited and without stress, I would not force myself, and that's why I have no shinning points to compensate my shortcomings now.
At the moment, when there is not so much time for me to waste and employment problem visits my mind, I have to face the reality.
Listening and vocabulary need long time to accumulate, so at first I would like to do some listening exercises and memorize words.
Time increases, and capacity improves.
As a matter of fact, I donnot think that I specialize in any parts in English, so actually I need to improve from every aspect.
But as I have repeated, I cannot get everything at the same time.
So far, these are my plan, and I would spare no efforts to finish them.
The picture shown from us that aged people sit on the chair ahead of the mirror and talk herself in the mirror.
As is shown in the picture, the aged people are lonely at home, no one accompanies them.
Nowadays, there are more and more aged people, but most of them only have one child, their child needs to earn money to support their own family and their parents.
So, they have no time to keep parents company.
Perhaps this is one reason.
The other reason in my opinion is communication difficulties.
With the increase of old age, the aged people become more difficult to communicate, they have become stubborn and not listen to what others say.
As young people, we shouldn't not to care them, because they are our parents, offer their youth up to us and education us.
We will also become old.
So, what you want to be treated, how you treat others.
The Section A story is about"learning a foreign language" which theme is useful for many Chinese students.
Certainly, the article shows us some tips and different the way to study English in senior middle school and university.
As extra part, author tells us his experience of learning language.
I raised the glass and proposed a toast.
Jia Cuo, the young man belong to MoSo people and the bar-keeper, was surprised to see such a forthright girl.
Anyway, he smiled, took up his glass and drank off the wine amid the cheers.
Several days ago, I, as a tourist, stepped into this unique bar which is also a family inn lied on the marvelous Lugu Lake.
During few days' togetherness, I made friends with Jia Cuo, Ye Zi, the volunteer, and some other native people.
It's really true that the plateau people are very bold and unconstrained, showing in their capacity for liquor.
Jia Cuo, said proudly," I started to drink at the age of eight.
I shrugged my shoulders and pretended to be leisurely.
I cursed myself.
God knows, I had never drunk more than a glass of wine.
Just as the old saying goes, it's no use crying over spilt milk.
So I just went ahead.
Not to be undone, I then tossed off the home-made rice wine as he did.
he laughed.
The hot liquid burned my throat down to stomach.
I restrained in not chocking and bringing tears to my eyes.
By the way, the wine actually smelled very nice.
When he turned and toasted to others, I slipped into the kitchen and drank lots water to put out the fire burning in my stomach.
"Maybe I should run away.
It will leave out my secret, even though it's just a matter of time-" however, I don't want to devastate the beautiful moment here.
So I rejoined them.
After another four or five, I can't really remember, my world begun turning.
The last thing I can recall is JIA CUO is also much exited.
He jumped onto the stage in the front of the hall, took the microphone and sang us a folk song.
Everyone was attracted by his smooth melodic voice.
And I lost myself in this beautiful MoSo folk song, imagining that I was swimming in the beautiful Lugu Lake, getting drunker.
I bet, this is the best intoxicated experience one can ever have.
Before winter comes ,a large amount of animals and plants change a lot .For example ,the animals will eat more and more .And their fit and feather is twice than summer or spring .So they can against the cold weather well.
The plant's leaves also change from green to yellow and fall to land .At that time the whole field is very quiet .Sometimes we can saw some birds flied from a tree to another tree .But it is an good opportunity that we travel around our city and country .
Before winter comes ,every people also have some changes .Such as my a lot of classmates who speak english in the morning ago didn't willing to get up early because of the cold weather .But I think they should keep their good habbit so they can achieve lots of english knowledges in the end .
In general, before winter comes ,every thing is changeable and attractive.let us engoy the beautiful time.
In nowdays,electronic products have influence our life greatly.e-book is a typical example,It's widespread welcome in the Modern society.Some people use e-book to replace the traditional books.They think there are many advantages of e-book.The most important is that they can pend less money to read more books,and use e-book can saving paper to prevent trees to be cut down,it's beneficial to environmental protection.On the other hand, people who are in favor of read traditional books point out that facing the screen for too long will Damage our eyes,it can cause vision loss over time.And traditional books are not fragile.We don't have to worry about it.even if the book drop form table or into water.Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments, I am inclined to agree with the latter point of view.even if e-book is very convenience.It's lose the meaning and depth of reading.I think classic books must be printed on paper,sothat we will felt that the author's sincerity would shine through to those who read it .
There is much discussion nowadays as to the problem of the Internet and newspaper which is better source of news.More people beleive that the Internet as a better source of news.But other people who favor it,on the other hand,argue that newspaper as a better source of news.
For me, I prefer to surf on the Internet.
The reasons for this situation may be as follows,the first is online information's speed of propagation is faster and more timely then newspaper.Even better,online information is very plentiful,including sport,entertainment,science and technology.Relatively,newspaper can not full take into account and update the news is slower than the Internet.On the other hand,the Internrt information is free and easy to obtain.We can get news in anytime and anywhere on the Internet if you want.However,if you want to know what is happening today,you must go to newsstand buy a nwespaper.Newspaper printing needs paper,destory our forests.The huge amount of wood consumed due to the timeliness of the nwespaper or a one-time newspaper.In my opinion,we should buy less newspaper and source news on the Internet.
One day,a girl fainted from hungry after PE class because she did not have breakfast at all.
Some teachers and students came here immediately.After knowing why she fainted away,they took her to the hospital at once in order that she was treated in time.
Eventually,the parents of the girl was so thankful that they sent a letter of thanks to the teachers and students who helped them a lot.We should try our best to help others.The better we do,the better the world is.
My parents went away on business when my parents leave to home.
I 'm afraid to Sleep alone.
Because I 'm afraid to black so not enough sleep, next morning I didn't do my homework and sleep in the classroom when my parents come back home, my home is like a battlefield so she says what happened, I told her this is a long Story.
She was very broken-hearted but she was also happy for me.
My parents are very happy Because I can care for myself.
I have a lot of things to do in my free time.I take exercise after school.Sports help me to keep healthy and study better.I ofter watch TV or do some reading in the evening.Sometimes I listen to music for a while.I find it a good way to relax myself.I go on a field trip with my friends.We alawys have a good time.
"What they like most about their mobile device is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people can reach them" notes NaomiBaron, a professor of linguistics at Amerian University in Washington D.C.
I do claim, however, the phone call and text-messsage will bother people's daily life.
First of all, recently, more and more young people have hated the phone call.
Especially in important situation.
When doing some important things, the phone rings all the time.
it will affect their jobs.
Second, the phone call and text-message will deceive them.
In our daily life, we usually receive unreal messages.
However, some people still believe them, in the result, they will lose their money and it is difficulty finding money back.
Finally, people like more space to do their own affairs.
If the phone rings, they will do other things.
They may have no time to relax themselves.
Therefore, some people now afraid of hearing the rings.
To summarize, I suppose that the phone call and text-messages have influence on people's daily life, such as important situation, their assets, their own time.
The way to solve the problem is that we should use our phone appropriately.
Do not leave any crucial information to other people who you do not trust.
It is obvious in the graph that the stress index of city residents which means that how much stress city residents suffer from has undergone dramatic changes.It has soared considerably in recent year,which indicates that more and more modern men especially in urban realize all kinds of pressure with the accelerated pace of life speeds.
What is the reason for this change?Mainly there are two reasons behind the situation reflected in the graph.
First of all,with the quickening pace of modern life and the increasingly fierce competition,everyone has to work,work and work.Most people are asked to work overtime,even on legal holiday,which makes people fatigued physically and mentally.Therefore the more work produces the more stress.
More importantly, a number of people utilize their financial success as a measure of happiness.In fact,the desire for money often gives them excessive stress rather than happiness.So they make use of their spare time to work rather than spend their holiday.As a result,they are on stress all the time.
In my opinion,everyone has their own stress.For example,students have exam pressure while grown-ups have family pressure.Facing all kinds of stress,we should try to cope with it.We can spend our free time eating meals together,exercising,entertaining,enjoying nature,reading a book or enjoying a hobby rather than just work for money.Moreover the trend described in the graph will continue for a long time if necessary measures are not taken.
In contemporary society, the public trust is not easy to gain in term of food safety.Human health concern is always the priority concern and linked closely to our daily life.
Motivated by profit either the food manufacturing or the private businessmen seeks the maximum benefit in the sacrifice of our health or lives.The impacts are detrimental and result in our disappointment in purchasing necessities such as milk powder or pork.To regain public confidence of Chinese food safety,more efforts need to make.Government needs to establish stricter regulations and push specific inspection frequently aiming to prevent the harmful or contaminated food before entering into our markets.
If China don't take the food safety crisis seriously,China would become another peril planet.
we are gald to inform you that our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 under the goods have been shipped per S.S. "Pearl".The goods have transshipped by S.S"May flower" in Hongkong.The captioned contract by CFR transactions.We have faxed in March 15,2013 to you so that your prompt insure.
Sometimes,my parents went out on business,but l could not miss lessons,so l could not go with them.
One day,my parents had a meeting in Shanghai.
They were very worried about me when l was going to get them to the airport.
And so on.
And l had the patience to answer her to ask me the questions.
The first day,l tried to cook some noodles,but l burnt it,and broke a dish.
Then l watched a very interesting film until midnight.
The next day morning,l got up on time,although l was very sleepy and tired.
When the teacher asked me the homework,l couldn't hand in my homework.
When l got home,l felt lonely,and l wanted my mother and father to come back,mother often cooked delicious meals and let me go to bed on time,father taught some difficult questions.
When my parents got home,l tole my home alone story,and we all laughed.
I think that home alone is not always perfect.
Let me tell you something unforgettable during winter holiday.
After the New Year's Eve dinner with my family,we began to sit down in front of the TV,and enjoyed Spring Festival gala.
At about ten o'clock,the black sky was lightened by lots of fireworks with colorful light and happy sound.We stop watching the Spring Festival gala,and go to the balcony to see the beautiful fireworks view.What a beautiful night.
Later,my cell phone was ringing all the time.I received lots of short messages from my friends and classmates.They all blessed me happy New Year.I gave same bless to them by sending back the happy words.At 12 pm,I made a wish in New Year,and began to sleep.
l enjoyed my winter holiday .
As we can see,low-carbon lifestyle has been known to many people ,and it is going to be very popular in today's world.
Although low-carbon lifestyle is very familiar to many people, there are also lots of people don't know what is low-carbon lifestyle .
According to many experts says , low-carbon lifestyle means use the least carbon in our life .But how can we finish it ?
In fact that was not the case, we just need to control the extent.For example ,we could turn off the lights when we leave the room,we could ride our bikes instead of our cars,we could give up smoking as well.We can do many things to create a low-carbon lifestyle as long as we make an effort to do it.
As a college student ,we must try our best to create a low-carbon lifestyle .Don't think it is very hard to finish ,just some small acts can finish it.
Just like saving food ,saving water,or taking bus instead of driving private cars.
Nowadays,it seems that everybody has a blog,and it become popular.
First of all,with society developing in such a fast way.Internet and computer becoming more and more important.And it is convenient to connect with others on the Internet.Secondly, you can write your secret and no one know who you are.And you can help others by blogs.Blog needn't fixed rules,professional knowledge and skills, which enables millions of people to have a voice and connect with others.
Thirdly, blog covers all kinds of topics from daily life to political forums, from individual thoughts to world events.Finally,you can know news through blogs,blog covers all kinds of topics from daily life to political forums, from individual thoughts to world events.You may find the topic you are interested in.
However blogs may lead to some bad effects.Someone may send some false information which will mislead many people.What's more,It might be used by some people who have ulterior motives to spread rumors or to slander other people.So blogs need to be well monitored.
In this contemporary society, innovation becomes more and more important.
There is an old saying:A country that doesn't have innovatoin is a person who doesn't have life.
Innovation can make our life happy,our mind full,our country strong.
We need innovation, it makes our life full of challenges and fantasy.Innovation means we should embrace new things.
Here are my reasons of that.
First and foremost, we only embrance new things that we can make more newer things.
My grandmother told me when she was young, she never think that she could use phone and wash machine.In her childhood, she can only play cards with her brothers and catch fishes in the river.But now, she can watch TV and listen radio.
She always tells me I am so lucky for living this century.There are many things we can't imagine before,but they appear in our daily life.It's beacause people embrance new things and make more things.
In adition, if we don't embrace new things,we can't make other things.
When phone showed up at first, people didn't accept it.
A country that doesn't want to embrace new things will be defeated by others.
Last but not least, embracing new things can make our mind more innovative.
We need innovation when we study and work.It can not only help us save time,but also can find more pleasure.When we meet a problem or question, we can find other ways to solve it.
A natural conclusion can be drawn that innovation can not only do much good to a single person,but also can bring much benefit to the whole world and that to embrance new things is not only important but also necessary.So it is time for us to innovate and to embrace new things.
Dear Betty,I'm L.I'm honored to introduce something about the reality talent show,The Voice of China to you.Belows are some features and rules of the show.
It offers an special selling point for audiences--blind auditions,where judges don't appreciate the performances face to face.I have got lost in enjoying the performance and I was astonished by how beautiful the voice is every time the contestants opened their mouths.The highlight of the show is the moment the judges turn their chairs with a satisfied look,setting off cheering and clapping.If more than one judge turn,the contestant has a right to make the final decision.
For me,the show is refreshing and meaningful because of the professional team as well as the positive energy.
That is why the show has turned to be an unexpected success.
With more and more rural people rushing to urban areas just for pursuing a better quality of living life,however,it causes a series of terrible problems in the city.The biggest problem of overcrowding has a unfavorable effect in cities' transportation.
Due to overcrowding,the traffic is always busy and thus it is very inconvenient for the people especially for the working persons to be outside or to come back home.What's more,there may be more traffic accidents happening every day.In addition,the condition where the residents live may have a sharp change for overcrowding .For example,there will be more air pullution,more noises,which absolutely do great harm to our health.Furthermore , the large population in city will increase the pressure of employment.
From my point of views,the best solution to settle this serious problem should rely on the government's effective measures.They had better have a good scheme for the cities and should have a strict control for the urban population.More importantly,they are suppose to improve the rural areas economic condition to attract more people to stay there so they can develop their local economy well and do not rush to the city.
Since the enforcement of NAFTA and creation of the WTO, the US has experienced persistent trade deficits.
From the perspective of trade figures, employment, prevalence of effect, most affected sector and NAFTA partners, the circumstance becomes more and more serious.
Although the exports increase quickly, the evaluation of the impact on trade should also look at the imports.
The growth of imports is quicker than the exports, which cause the surge of job losses.
The reason is various.
The primary one is the movement of FDI by the US.
The second is the sustained appreciation of the US dollar.
Last but not the least, the creation of WTO and NAFTA has hurt the US.
In conclusion, the policy makers should step back to review the trade policy and the existing trade agreements should be repaired before moving ahead.
As far as i am concerned,i suppose the college life is different from senior life.For example,in senior school,teacher always help you improve your grades and take care of you.Neverthless college is a very democracy place,we must learn to be independent and make our decisions.
Face with such a different life how to adapt yourself to college life?In my opinion,adapt college is very important thing in our school life.To adapt college life is not only can improve your study but also can make a lot of friends in school,raise our experience.To adapt college life we have to independent study develop major skill.
Life is equal to everyone,even an animal.Most people take it for granted that they are the master of the world.They have the right to dominate others,including lives.Thanks to this false though,people eat animals without shame.
In reality,they are wrong.Neverthless they didn't realize how foolish they are.
Animals limited,nevertheless people's desire to eat delicious food is unlimited.As a result,there are few animals left.
Most animals are in severe danger .The season why there are so many creatures in the world is to keep a balance.Now it is human who disturb the balance.People hunt animals for eating,utilize their skins for clothes and add them into drug without limit.Animals become the resource of money.
For example,if people have no desire to eat paw,they have no need to kill bears.There will be no murder.Just for beauty,people kill animals and make their skins into clothes.
Life is worth respecting.People hurt animals,at the same time,they make themselves into a dilemma.As the balance is lost,the diseases come.Eventually people hurt themselves.It is people who are responsible for this.It is people who are to blame.
Now that we know the balance is so significant,we'd better do what we can to stop animals from being killed.Protecting animals is human's responsibility.
We have to warn the human:just stop your foolish behavior.Stop eating animals,stop wearing the clothes made by animals' skins and stop adding animals into medicine.Then we will make a promising world.
Human and animals can get along well with each other.We can keep a balanced world.
The rule people should obey is:don't hurt animals.A word to cover this:no business,no killing!
I disagree with the opinion that the language that is dying out is not important.
We may less commonly use it, but it's still of great importance.
Because it's a symbol of the nation, a legacy for us to inherit and an access to the ancient civilization.
People of different nations have their own original language.
They created it in the past and have been using it for such a long time.
The language is so closely related to every aspect of their life that when we talk about this nation, we can not ignore its language for it can almost represent the whole nation.
In order to make it more convenient to communicate with each other, our ancestors invented the language.
Nowadays, it's dying out and we need to take measures to protect it in a minute for it's a kind of precious legacy that we're supposed to inherit and also it should be passed down from generation to generation.
Our ancestors are wise enough to record the ancient civilization by using the old language.
Languages, especially those with a long history, such as the inscriptions on bones or tortoise shells, can help us get to the root of the ancient civilization so that we could have a better understanding of human beings' origin and clear up those old mysteries that haven't been solved.
At the present times,more and more people had a chance go to college,and have had more knowledge.However,they rarely have the opportunity to take part in social practice.
As a college student,especilly in this competitive society.We mast have the skills to survive in society.So,we should take part in some social practice to exercise myself.Because social practice not only make our to learn more knowledge,but also to learn more skills.So,I think take part in social practice is very useful for us.
I have the following views.
First,more social practices may offer you an opportunity to display your ability and apply what you have learned in school.Second, social practices in business can develop a sense of competition,which you need in future.It increases your confidence in yourself because through the work you can realize your own value,Besides, it helps students develop a sense of independence,and helps relieve your parents'economic burdens.With the money earned,you can buy whatever you need for your study.
Our monitor suggests that we have"Friday News Hours"As far as I'm concerned,I think we should agree this useful opinion.
 Reading news can expand our scope of knolodges,we can know more and attach great importance to our reality life.
 On this item,our should exchange information,to keep place with the latest development of daily life.
 In the increasingly keen social competition,we must use the news surrounding us to enough our empty mind,or we'll be washed out by the time.
I'm L. I write this letter to you to suggest building an art museum.
Now, I'll tell the reason why I do that.
These years,people in Jinhua has poor cultural life.
So I think it's necessary to build a new museum to cultivate our mind.
In order to build a wonderful museum, I'd like to give my suggestions.
Firstly,we can name the museum.A beautiful name can interest people to enjoy the works of art there.Secondly, we should give a theme to the museum, classical or modern.
Different themes should display different works.
And every state has their own culture, it would be great if the museum can cover different civilizations from many parts of the world.
The most important is that the conditions there should be fine.
That's my ideas about the plan.
I hope J has rich and varied cultural life.
Nowadays with the rapid development of advanced technology, an increasing number of digital products are commonly and wildly used in everyday life.Many people choose to read e-books instead of print books.
Compared with the traditional book,the e-books seem to have lots of advantages.First of all,e-books are very easy to travel with.Secondly,e-books with large capacity is very suitable for modern life.The last but not least,e-books are usually cheaper than traditional books.What's more,some e-books are free.
However,we can't deny that the e-books cannot work without electricity and the electronic data is easy to be hacked and changed.What is more,although the technology is invented recently,there are still large parts of the e-books not supported by this technology.In addition,reading e-books for long time can affect people's vision seriously.
In my opinion,I prefer to read traditional books.
I enjoy the feeling that carry a book and smell the sweet smell of the ink.This romantic feelings cannot be provided by e-books.
First of all,please allow me to introduce my abilities in English to you.I can't speak English fluently,but learn grammar well so that I have no problems in writting.
As a result,I decide to attend a course of spoken English,which I am interested in.I don't want others to understand me hard,faced with foreigners,which is so embarressed.What's more,I really hope to improve my English where spoken English plays an important part.
In a word, I would appreciate it if you could allow me to take part in the course.And thanks for yout reading in busy time.
Winston Churchill was British great leader in World War ii, he is not only a prominent politician but also a distinguished writer.
His speech has strong persuasion, therefore regarded as the world of one of the most persuasive speaker.
His speech made people passionate and inspired; make people be in high spirits and have more courageous to defend their motherland.
First of all, he teaches people learn to do a brave man.
He said: Hitler was wrong and we should go all out to help Russia, and I have only one purpose, the destruction of Hitler, and my life is much simplified thereby".
His speech encouraging people to do a brave man .Then he used a lot of parallel structures in his speech, he said: I see the Russian soldiers standing on the threshold of their native land, guarding fields which their fathers have tilled from time immemorial.
I see them guarding their homes where mothers and wives pray, for the safety of their loved ones, the return of the bread-winner, of their champion, of their protector".
He through these sentences to let people never despairs, never give up.
His language humorously- he used much repetition of words, such as he said: from this nothing will turn us-nothing".
He even said he will make a favorable reference to the devil rather than Hitler, These words are shows his determination and the only faith of his heart-the destruction of Hitler.
Finally, he said: we will never parley, we will never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang, we shall fight him by land, we shall fight him by sea, and we shall fight him in the air".
The meaning of repetition in different words in his speech encourage people never succumb to the enemy.
This is the Churchill's speech-a full of strength of sound.
Although Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1968, his famous slogan "I have a dream" has not only changed the United States, but also spread across the world, and is making some difference.
A man without dreams is like a ship losing the lighthouse, and he will be eliminated by the society.
Therefore, a dream is an engine which push us forward constantly without drawing back.
But our dreams always change as our ideas convert.
When I was little, I dreamed of owing much money.
I answered.
""I will buy the candy factory ", I said without hesitation.
Children are always naive and the theme of their life are just happiness and joy.
But today, I have a dream, I hope our motherland will never have left-behind children anymore.
In our country there is such a group: they live in rural areas.
To make a living, their parents have to pure into big cities, working diligently and wisely to raise the families.
Their parents contribute so much to our economic growth, but at the same time, leaving them in the poor countries crying for parents' accompany.
As a result, they form a vulnerable group.
These children are called "left-behind children" by the society.
Flowers will never grow healthily without warm sunshine and sweet rain.
Similarly, the left-behind children also need the concern and caring from the whole society.
I have a dream that one day the government, mass media and schools of all levels will work together to awaken people to realize the significance of taking care of the left-behind children.
I have a dream that one day each of us could take part in the campaign to fuel these flowers, the left-behind children, by serving as a driving force.
Please believe that our love will make them owe a different tomorrow.
As the innovation is the essential factor for the development of the country,China spends plenty of time and money to promote the development of science.
Consequently, the scientific research seems to be more and more important.In the medicine,scientific research mainly contains two aspects:basic research and clinical research.They are two different kinds of research in terms of their study area.However,basic research and clinical research,actually, have at least 3 aspects in common.
To begin with, basic research focuses mainly on the cell and molecular mechanism, whereas clinical research concentrates more on the apparent phenomenon,which can be qualitative or quantitative analysis.However,their scientific thinking is similar.For instance,both of them have to Comply with the scientific thinking.That is to say,they should prove their thesis based on the experimental results and connect all the results together to tell a whole story.
In addition,these two researches share the same technique to support their thesis statement.As an illustration,statistic induction and statistic analysis are used to illustrate the relationship between what they research.Besides,the experimental methods,such as western blot,Real-time Quantitative PCR Detecting System,immunoprecipitation,are alike.
Most importantly,although they study on the different fields,the final purposes are both for the better understanding of the human body and solve the realistic problem.All road leads to Rome,no matter what they research on,the beneficiaries are patients,in fact,all the human beings.
In general, basic research and clinical research are similar to each other,though they are different in some ways.For better associating basic research with clinical research,translational medicine appears as a bridge to connect them.In reality,they are beneficial to the development of medicine.
My name is L and I am a student who was born in 90s.Nowadays, 90s have many problems to join the society .We will face many problems like enter a higher school or get a good job.Also, we need to face the rat race at the society and need to study to join in .
Our parents become very anxiety because many 90s like us pay attention to themselves and do not like to work with other students to solve problems.Some of 90s students are lacking perseverance and very easy to be discouragement.Another of them wants to make dreams come true and wants to become popular impatient .
Howevert, does all 90s is bad?I do not think it's right.Many 90s also very outstanding and like helping with each other.They love study and love working with other students.In my opinion, 90s is a very potential generation.I believe if we can study hard enough then we will get good prospect.They will open up a new era.
So we need to study useful things and study how to keep the balance relationship with each other.Do you want to change many people's think of 90s?
Getting a good education is becoming more and more important in our modern society .
The main leading reasons are listed as follows : firstly , getting a good education can expand our scope of knowledge and personal enrichment .
Secondly , in the increasingly keen social competition , if you have a good education , you will get more job opportunities .
Thirdly , getting a good education can adapt ourselves to the social development and make a contributionto society .
Walking to work is better than driving to work.One reason is that walking to my job is usually faster than driving.This is because traffic is heavy,and is moves slowly.Another reason is that walking is more enjoyable than driving.I can relax when I walk.
I get upset when there is a lot of traffic.The most important reason is that walking is healthier.My office is one mile away from my house.
I don't get any exercise when I drive.So,I prefer to walk.Even on rainy days,I take my umbrella,not my car.
I have a general home but it very warm.It makes me feel relaxed,comfortable,warm.Although my home is not luxury and have neither garden nor swimming pool.I love my home and I have profound memories.Form far, It was a small house was surround with the mountain.Go head,you can see a large piece of the land in front of the small house,there are different types of crops and vegetable.Slowly near the small house,you can see a small water ditch in front of the house small door,the water very clean,you can see the bottom of the stone and sand.There are many trees in the water ditch beside,their leaves are green,birds on the tree top call.Along the path to the left,to the bamboo side up again.At this time you can hear the dog sound,along to see,you can see a big dog is calling at you,next to the small dog along with the big dog.At the time,you do not have to be afraid of the dog,because it is closely tied by the rope.Behind the dog you can see two rows of small room,there are about ten,that is the pig room.You can see big pig is eating,also can see cute pig in the fight.Go on and you can go from the gate,you can see the space like the courtyard.Go to your left,this is storage place,with meat ,there are rice ,,,.Next to the kitchen, go, in front of you is a big stove,on the left is the cabinet,on the right is the big stove,and table,look out of the window,the view is very beautiful.
Go to the,in front of the sofa,sofa in front of TV,and on the right is the refrigerator,the left is a cabinet,the left is a cabinet,with different types of Chinese medicine,Western medicine.Come into my bedroom, you can see a small bed made of wood, the corner of a bed, put a little bear, the head of a bed, there is a dog, bed, beautiful quilt.This is my home.
In this Labor Day, I went to my hometown--LvShun, with my roommates and a classmate.
And we went to the 203 scenery, we enjoyed the cherry blossom.
My mother treated them with much delicious and fresh food, they were appreciating to my mother, and I also felt very proud.
In the afternoon, my father sent us to many places.
And we were all very excited.
As we all know, we cant't leave internet in our life and study.
As a student, we should think the change since the internet come to our study,then how is it's advantage and disadvantage.
At first,listing some good idea by internet for reader,such as,getting news that you want to get so fast,our knowledge becoming more and more widely, even,we can know different class education from other college .
Internet is beneficial of our education.
on the other hand, if you play games deeply by the internet ,you will find you get nothing from internet.
so,you have to give up play games.
however this study in internet is not better's way,because there is so many bad news in internet.
it is not a simply mean learning to obtain information.
In my opinion, we can't take our all time to study in internet, we need the really teacher and learn from them.
After reading Once More To The Lake, a string at the bottom of my heart seems to be stirred, it hurts and the pain constantly hunted me.
My eyes were filled with tears as I touched something special, somehing I don't want to expose to the outside world.
Actually, there is a place in my heart which is much like the lake in this text.
It was a small park which charged tourists free, it is too trivial to encourage a somebody to rebuilt it into a business center as they have done to many other small places.
Whatever, it was kept, and still loved by the original fans.
I am quite sure about that.
What I am sure is that I left the most worriless, audacious and happy period of life.
I was born in a grand cosmopolitan city, as other busy parents, mine also have to work extremely hard for a survival.
So I was grew up with my grandparents.
There house is old and simple, you won't see the chaos in the street, you won't see the long line in front of the supermarket, what comes to your eyes in a tranquil and friendly housoing estate surrounded by a small park.
Local people names it "Si Tang Park".
In the blossoming season, I would be so obessed by the beautiful fleur-delises and gorgeous sunflowers that I always knocked my friends door and ran into the park.
My grandparents grew up very earily(around 5 o'colck in the morning), so at that time I was a morningperson who went with her grandfathers to do the morning exercises.My grandfather was once a solider, he seems to be a little strict to his children,but he loves me very much.
He usually helped my catch butterflies.
It is from him I learned to climb the trees and did a much better job than most boys of my age.
After playing in the park, we would go to the food market buying a lot of vegetables(cause my grandfather is a vegetarian) and brought it to my grandma who was the most kind person in my heart, she has the most comforting and pure smile.
In grandparents' house, I learned to be a very simple person, to live for happiness.
But, good times never last long.
I was forced to move to the new house, in the downtown aera.
I still remember the day I leaved, the most hard-bitten grandfather cried in the house, my dearest grandma running after the bus.
I still dream this dream-I moved back and live with my grandparents leisurely and happily.
But it won't happen in the reality and I am too sober to forget the reality.
Two years ago, I had a big fight with my father, so I went to the "Si Tang Park", I walked very slowly in order to refind my memory in childhood.
The park was old and small, but something still changed.
I used to stand under a big tree to see my grandma watching newspaper through the window.
But now the tree is too tall with leaves overlaps each other, it seems to deliberately prevent my from seeing that window.
Because my grandma left me that year, because I wasn't with her when her days came, because I have no courage to see the picture hanging on the wall.
Once time passes, it will never turn back.
"There had been no years between the ducking of this dragonfly and the other one-the one that was part of memory" as E.B White wrote,but after having the similar experience, I would like to add one more thing after memory-the state of mind.
I can still catching the butterflies, doing the morning exercise, but my mind has changed.I won't do that just because I felt safe to be with my grandparents.
The more I read, experience, feel, the more mature I turn to be.
I won't do a stuffy just for fun, I do it for myself.
I have to make choices.Sometimes memories give people an illusion, as a sentence in this article- the years were a mirage and there had been no years, but time nver waits people, you can complaining, dreaming, waiting, but once you realize the existance of time, something has already changed, just as what the author found " all was just as it had been always been, except there was more Coca Cola and not so much Moxie and root beer and birch beer and sarsaparilla.
The passing of times has witnessed too many transition moment, man sometimes can be very emotional to ignore the changes.
The author's return to the lake and my reture to the Si Tang park bring us an imagination that time can stop, but we all find that something is changing.
In stead of classifing this articke into academic papaer with deep physiology, I would rather classify it into an essay with his instant feeling.
So I choose to share with my own thinking with the author and other readers.
I used to think that the life of university will be more relaxing,but after I spent nearly 2 hours in class which was taught only in English,I changed my opinion.Because the high school teacher never spoke English the whole class,I felt discouraged in my first English class.
But the new environment is equal to everyone,I don't need to complain about it,just take part in it.To be honest,I can't control myself very well,so always I can't make full use of my time.This is a disadvantage,I need to change it!Beijing Foreign studies university is one of my dreams when I was in high school,I always regret what I have done during my high school,but now,I change my opinion about this.Just try your best at the moment,and never regret what you have done!
Today, there exists a kind of phenomenon that more and more college students choose to take part-time jobs.
Apart from attending the classes, they go out to work.
Taking part-time jobs among college students exerts many profound effects.
First, they can earn money on their own,which, of course, reduces their parents' burden because the expense of studying in college is high.
Besides, through taking part-time jobs they are able to realize their parents' hardships and cherish what they own now.
They may experience a lot of things they did not know before and be aware of a fact that it is not easy to work.
Thus they can understand their parents better.
Last bu not the least, college students can obtain the valuable experience of working and make better preparation for their future.
They have the opportunity to know more about the employment markets as well as their own advantages and disadvantages.
During the later time, they can perfect themselves in accordance with demands of different kinds of jobs.
In a word, taking part-time jobs brings about a number of good effects.
When talking about happiness, a marvelous number of persons immediately declares that happiness doesn't mean money, authority and so on.
In their views, money and authority always seem to take some bad influence and stand against happiness for the most part.
In my opinion, money and authority are not evil while actually they are angels when you can consider them in a proper way.
After I keep studying hard a whole year, I win a scholarship.
It is happiness.
After I work for ordinary people sincerely with understanding of their demand, I get a promotion.
It is happiness.
However, happiness doesn't exist only in success.
As a famous saying goes, "Happiness is not a result, it's a process.".
Even though I don't accomplish something well in the end, happiness still companies with me all the time because of understanding what I am doing and learning a lot in the process.
Besides, help often comes with happiness.
With thankfulness and without thought of repayment, we help others.
Then we will find the world is full of sunshine.
Actually, we spread happiness to everyone.
In a word, achievement, working hard and thankfulness are all the excellent elaborateness of happiness to me.
More people complain of fatigue today than in the past.
First, physical.
As a result of overworking your muscles to the point where metabolic waste products-accumulate in your blood and sap your strength.
You rest, giving your body a chance to get rid of accumulated wastes and restore muscle fuel.
Second, pathological.
Fatigue is a warning sign or consequence of some underlying physical disorder.
Even though illness is not frequent cause of prolonged fatigue, it not is overlooked.
Third, psychological.
Fatigue may represent a defense mechanism that prevent you from having to face the true cause of you depression.
And there is a great deal you can do on your own to deal with both severe prolonged fatigue and those periodic washed-out feelings.
You might try: For peak energy in the morning, be sure to eat a proper breakfast, low in sugar and fairly high in protein; You should regular conditioning exercises; You'd better get to bed earlier; Try to schedule your most taxing jobs for the time of day when you're at your peak.
As far as I'm concerned, we should pay attention to strengthening the moral health and psychological in order to reduce the incidence of mental fatigue.
Once appear, we're supposed to be timely to vent our emotions.
Don't stuffy in the heart.
For example, you can talk with your bosom friend.
Having regular meals can make the body which maintain the normal state.
I personally think that breakfast must eat and dinner can less eat.
What's more, healthy people can do some sports, such as jogging, cycling, swimming, walking etc.
It's more confident for us to proper exercise.
It also enables you to quickly enter the dreamland in the dusk.
One important reason for mental fatigue is lack sleep.
People with this condition whose should be an increase in the number of hours of sleep every day.
Each person's sleep needs are different, so we ought to find out the most suitable for our own sleep time.
As we all know, since the extraterrestrials have the ability of traveling long distances to the earth, their society must be much superior than ours.
I used to be very curious about their lives, their technology and society, especially the answers to whether there were or still there are wars on their planet caused by three conflicts----racial, religious and cultural conflicts.
Wars started as the human race came into being.
Before the World War Two, wars happened mainly because of the imbalance of economic and political development.
For example, it's well-known that two worldwide wars occurred on account of the ambitions of money and international status.
But now and in the future, wars tend to taking place due to racial, religious and cultural conflicts.
As we all know, pursuing interests is the natural instinct of human beings.
The answer is "countless".
Besides, millions of people were led to wars or bottomless sadness by religious and cultural conflicts.
I wonder if they are the necessities of the development procedure.
I feel very happy when I heard the news that you have been admitted to the Beijing Institute of Technology, Zhuhai.
Congratulate with you very much.
