In my mind,the most unforgettable experience,it occurred three years ago.In that year,I graduated from high school.Because nothing to do in the house,I worked for a shop near my county.A day,I was working,suddenly,my mother called me and give me a very bad news that was my uncle has got the serious disease and was being in hospital.My uncle has passed away when I got to the hospital in a hurry.
All of the relatives have arrived on the scene.Either they cried bitterly or they were extremely silent.
I stood there and didn't know what I could do.I recalled that my uncle helped me to resolve my most important problem several days ago.
(My ID has been lost before I took part in the MET.Under my uncle's help,I got the chance to participate in the MET) However,now......The first time,I felt that the death was so close to me.That time,I paid attention to my father's tears.
I never have found his tears ago.
After two days, my family still felt sorrowful for my uncle's death.However,bad news was continuing.I was sent in hospital.And the doctor said that I had the acute appendicitis.When I laid on the surgery bed,I realized that the disease was so terrible.It could kill a person completely.What feel did my uncle laid on the surgery bed?Nobody could recognize.
Every left has its roses and thorns.
Perhaps,the thorns can make us pain,but they teach us to grew up.
Then, in the course of a lifetime, they can become the most unforgettable experience.
Statistics show that recently there have been more and more people moving in cities.As a result,many problems caused by overcrowding in cities become serious,and people have to pay attention to it.
For example,with the development of education,chances are that the unversities'students can be admitted into every year by a large margin,especially in big cities such as Beijing,Shanghai and Nanjing.
On the one hand,it helps these students widen their views as well as gain much knowledge but on the other hand,universities are turning into a crowded place now with lots of extra problems,like the increasing rate of crime ,the feeling of insecure among students ,violence between each other and so on.
What'more,some rural students are even threatened by urban students owing to their poor background.
(Bacon 144) Writing is such an important communicating skill that we should pay attention to it.
A research which is reported by Los Angeles Times in 1983 conveys that a full 80%of the executives surveyed listed writing as the most neglected skills in business.
So writing as an English major in college study meets the need of our society.
By learning writing systemically, people will have benefit for their further work and study.
Although many writing course teachers tell students that everyone has the ability to write good essays, it still depends on so many conditions, of course.
For me, fundamental factors for good English writing are correct, clear and well-organized.
Only having these three factors can the writer's ideas be conveyed to the readers and be useful for the readers.
Otherwise, the writing is meaningless.
In addition, the most essential hallmark of the good essay is interesting.
For the writer, especially the native speaker, writing grammatically-correct essay is not a hard work.
Even for the non-native English speakers can achieve this gold by learning and practicing.
However, if you want to make your writing interesting, practicing is not the whole story.
As for my writing, there are plenty of things require to be promoted.
Even if I have learned writing for many years, almost from my junior school, I still cannot write in a proper way.
I do not very well in grammar, which makes my write not clear enough.
However, the major weakness is the logic part.
In the last whole semester, we learned writing essays in a professional way as an English major students.
Form my teacher and classmates' comments, I found that most of them are the advices for organizing my logic order.
When it comes to the topic I like, I prefer the specific ones.
In that case, it is easy for me to make sure what I want to express.
And the small details contributes a lot to make the essay, convincing and interesting.
Bacon, Francis.
A New Anthology of English Literature: Of Studies.
Jingguo Luo: Peking University Press, 2011.
Print.
Peter G, Beidler.
Writing Matters: Writing In The Professional World.
Sichuan University Press,2010.
Print.
There is an undeniable fact that the economic globalization brought the scientific globalization to the whole world.Several years ago,we stepped into the age of information which becomes an irresistible trend.At the same time,Internet technology helps produce e-book.Nevertheless,will e-book become a necessary in the future?
In our daily lives e-book becomes more and more popular with people in a very short time.On one hand,e-book leads the fashionable trend with its advantages.E-book readers are very thin ,like a magazine,and can store hundreds of titles on a device.What's more,e-book is smaller than most paper books.So it is quiet convenient for us to read e-book at any time ,at any place.That said,e-book will be the next ten years of a great revolution,it will completely change people's lives.E-book industry,which is a new one with the development of the Internet,is an indispensable part of the construction of the digital library.
On the other hand,e-book has its limitations.First,it is harmful to us to read e-book on the mobile phone for a long time because of the radiation.Second,some students may be attracted to the novels and can't concentrate on their studies.
From my point of view,though it is in a foreseeable period of time,e-book is impossible to replace the paper book.But I hold that e-book is a necessary in the future.At the age of information,e-book is available and convenient for us,and so that it can save our time.I believe that e-book will be a necessary and it will have excellent prospect.
Recently I have read your newspaper and I am interested in the discussion of the phone which is held by your newspaper.
As far as I'm concerned, there are two benefits to person who bring the phone.
First, students can contact their parent and friends more conveniently than other people.
Second, if students take the phone, they will have more fun during their lives.
But there are some problems of students who bring the phone.
Students may play games on the phone and this would influence their study.
Besides, students who are addicted to chat or send messages by the phone might waste their money and time.
What'more, the harm of playing games and cheat in exams by the phone is huge.
Things that students bring the phone can not be divided into right things or not.
For us, we should not use the phone in class and play games or cheat in exams by the phone.
Then, phone is expensive, we should protect the phone carefully.
That is my opinion to this thing.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
My favorite place at school in the reading-room because it is very big and bright there are many also a lot of useful books newspapers magazine there I like reading books and magazines there because they not only provide me with much.
Know ledge but also helps me learn a lot about.
What is happening around the world.
Sometimes, I think I can talk to people in books.
L can also relax my self in the reading room.
When I feel tried and the reading room is the best place to go reading helps me forget all my trouble Ina world reading -room is the pace I like best.
In this term , i join the club of grade four english training , this club is very interesting .it can make us learn more and more knowlege of english .
so i determine to jion the club without any hesitation,the member of the club are all students want to pass the test, we learn english together on every sunday , teacher also make us know the importance of grade four test, he teach us how to learn english easily and well, he always teach knowlege to us carefully, i think he is a teacher with responsibility and carefully, if you come to our club.
you can learn more and more knowlege in english.
welcome to our club,our english club aims at helping college students to study english in easier ways and pass the text easily.
there may be a lot of colourful activities almost every week in our club, such as english talk show.
In my opinion, if you think learn english very difficulty,and do not have confidence in pass the text, i think it is necessary for you join our club, you will find it is funny and interesting.
i hope you will be a member of us .sincerely hope to see you sonn ,so welcome to our club.
Spring Festival is the most impotant festival in China from thousand years to today.Whenever and wherever we are, if Spring Festival comes,we will try our best to go home.
Before Spring Festival,people alway prepare to the festival.We make lots of traditional good at the appointed day,for example,we make special candy and eat it before Spring Festival.In fact,different place has different food.
During Spring Festival,we visit our friends and relatives.We say"happy new year".Lots of stores will not be open,beacause people prefer to spend time with relatives.
Spring Festival is not only the time bu also a chance that make us get together.So,Chinese pay attention to the special festival.
Now,I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
Yours,Zhang Peng.
Micro-message, also called Weixin, is a chat software for mobile phones which enables users to communicate with each other through voice messages, videos, pictures and texts for free.
Since it was launched in January 2011, it took more than a year to draw 100 million users.
By September 2012, the number of users doubled and it hit 300 million in January 2013.
Firstly, most mobile phones lack the function of voicemail, Weixin's voice message function overcomes this obstacle.
Secondly, typing Chinese characters is a troublesome process since users have to type Pinyin from the Roman alphabet and then choose the Chinese character from a list of options.
What's more, Weixin can help users save money cost on making voice phone calls.
Hello, I'm L, a girl from H. I like to play, like to play, like to communicate with others, but I don't like to play games.
Like reading novels, but don't like to read books.
Landlords play very well, but it mahjong.
The university has a lot of spare time, I hope that I can do more to make their own benefit, so that they learn more things, to become a better person.
My introduction is over, thank you.
My dad and my mom divorced when I was 1 years old because of economic problems.
Of course, I have little memory of that time.
However, I sometimes saw him drunk by himself, and told me the story of him and my mother, including his failure matrimony.
I was so young that I really didn't understand their emotional entanglements.
Nevertheless I really tired of hearing their slick story.
I thought it was their problem and duty.
I could accept their divorce but I also had right escape the truth of their matrimony.
My dad often said he was so hard to support the family.
But my mom said his habit of drinking was hard to bear.
When I was a child, I really didn't care who was wrong in their divorce.
I only wanted a clean atmosphere to live and study without his story.
My dad went to another city to do business when I was 8 years old, leaving me in my hometown.
I seldom saw him because he went home annually.
I thought I finally escaped his sorrowful story.
Sometimes, of course, I would meet some embarrassing situations such as parent's meeting, but I really felt relaxed.
Time goes by and I grow up.
I started to understand his difficulties.
Although I didn't like to listen his experience, I learned to become a good listener.
I had my own standard of distinguishing the rights and wrongs.
His words only were his subjective feeling which was not the evidence.
I knew he only needed his son to understand the reason and proved he was right.
When I was 17 years old, I really understood him.
At that year, I had seen an article about man, especially divorced man.
The article said that divorced man always liked to tell their son or daughter their experience about love.
What's more, they always thought they were the only sufferer in the matrimony.
However, they didn't need sympathy or understanding.
The reason why they liked nagging is that they wanted their experience to have some cautions for their descendant.
They only expect their descendant to walk a right way and never made the same mistake.
Now, my dad also likes to tell his story to me, and I can accept it quietly.
I may not accept his opposition about loving and matrimony, but I think I would never walk the same way with my dad.
There is a saying "reading a good book is same as owning a good friend".There is no doubt that people should read books,but just as making friends,it seems that each person has it's custom.
However,there as some critical voice,from which reading selectively people.They believe life is too short to read every book.So they just choose some typical books.It's hard to say wether it is a wise choice.
In my opinion,reading is a happy experience.Due to this, what we need is just follow our heart,read what we are truely interested in.I prefer to reading extensively, because I want to own a vast horizon,I want to know more and finally picking out my own branch.
All in all ,maybe we should reading in a mixed way ,shifting between selectively and extensively.
Hello everyone.My dreaming destination is Switzerland.
Switzerland is situated in central Europe and the capital of Switzerland is Berne.The Switzerland measures 41000 square kilometers and 7.5 million people lived here.In addition,Switzerland has a famous city which called "the watch country",Geneva.Switzerland is called the garden of the world,because the scenery of Switzerland is pretty beautiful and the environment is clean.Switzerland and its neighbours Australia,French,Italy and Germany are developed countries.Watch, chemical and food industry in Switzerland are the most developed.Not only the cities in Switzerland are great,but also the people in here are friendly.They love nature and protect animals.Good people make Switzerland more excellent.
Switzerland is a civilized country,our country can learn form it.To be more better.
At 8:30,he will get up,and then brushing and washing.he will have the breakfast that is healthy at 8:45.
He plan to write the homework carefully at 9:00-10:30.At 10:30-11:30,he device to do exercises in the park.He is going to have a delicious lunch at 12:00.
At 13:00-15:00,he will have the computer lesson and the English lesson .At 16:00-18:00,he is going to read all kinds of books.
At 18:00,he will have a little supper.At19:00-20:00,he will search for the information on the Internet and watch his favourite TV progremm.At 20:30-21:00,he will put things away.He will go to sleep at 21:00.
I think this plan is very interesting,I hope he will have a happy holiday.
With the evolution of society, the touring becomes more popular.
The development of touring can pull economy to develop.
But with the tourists become much more, the environment becomes more and more badly.
In accordance with the condition, some measures should be considered in: First, we should control the amounts of tourists strictly, the maximum ought to be calculated according to the scenery spot's environment.
It can not receive many tourists which surpass its contain.
Then, we must protect some special and precious sights as an a vital part.
These places forbid to take photos, they only to be allowed visiting in the day of the fixed.
At last, we should place more dustbins that make our tourists to throw litters more convenient, and put more mild warnings to tell them love and to protect the environment.
In all, it is society's duty to protect our scenery, people should do their best to keep the balance between man and nature.
Please believe what we do more, the more we will get.
Nowadays,some workers get up early to work and sleep early.While some others get up late and work until night.As for me,I prefer the first way.
Firstly,getting uo early contributes to bringing us fresh air.If we get up at 6 o'clock,we can breathe fresh air at the beginning of a day.This may give us good emotion to start new work of a day.Fresh air offers us health which dose good to both study and work.
Secondly,memory works better in the early morning.As students,we have a lot to recite or remember,which demands our good memory greatly.Getting up early makes us relaxed so that we can remember easily.
Thirdly,getting up early leaves us more time to work.Given that I get up at 6 o'clock everyday,then there are 18 hours left on a whole day.In this way,there are more choices for us to manage time and carry out plans.
Generally speaking,getting up early is a better choice than getting up late while working until midnight.Good portion between time and energe makes workers successful.
This picture shows about the harmfulness of online rumors.
A man lives in computer ,he is opening him large mouth ,spits two bombs .At the same time ,A man and a woman are frightened escape.
After saw this picture,I have known that online rumors very harmful .Nevertheless why online rumors extremly harmful to people ?They are as follows:Firstly,online rumors can make a bad affect to national security,it can disrupt social order .Scondly,online rumors can make people's heart frightening.Thirdly,online rumors disruptsminors heart,makes them lose the ability to distinguish between right and wrong.that is very harmful to monors'growing.Forthly,online rumors maybe has bad impact on economic developing.
Because there are so mang online rumors harmfulness ,sowemust take measures to solve this problem.Firstly,gover should take measures to for online rumors.They can teach people to learning how to distinguish online rumors.Secondly,we should have an awareness to the harmfulness of online rumors,we should respect the online order ,not creative online rumors.
In my opinion,so long as we take expedient measures,the online rumors must can be forbidden.
With the continuous improvement of people's living standards, people produce waste every day they live.
Some waste can be degraded while others cannot.
Waste sorting is not a popular convention in our country and people still haven't formed the habit of sorting wastes.
The neglect of waste sorting will bring about a series of problems.
First of all, it causes a mass of waste of resources that could have been recycled or reused.
Secondly, the growing amount of mixed rubbish will take up a lot of space in the landfill site, which will worsen the shortage of land problem.
Thirdly, some wastes cannot be degraded and will pollute environment seriously.
Last but not least, it will increase the cost of waste treatment.
Waste sorting should be advocated, no matter from the economy or environment.
Everyone should do their best by starting from daily life.
If people have raised the awareness of waste sorting, then we will live in harmony with nature.
China.So different people have a different opinion to celebrate National Day Holidays.
at school.
What about my progran?My program is going to chengdu for travel.And I'm planning to visit others historical sites.Because I think use this time to go for travel is a good chance.
As we all know that the population is one of the most serious problems all over the world.
get a job.At the same time,our environment will be worse and worse.
So what should we do?We must stop the world from these problem.
,design clothing and so on.
Now.Let me tell you why .Because the products designed by china were so boring,no impression,no creative .Embarrassing me is that we always copy others !I want to establish ourselves brands,i want to change made in China into creative in chinese !
To be chinese,it is very sad to see that present situation.We have the most people in the world,but ourselves imagination was the least,we need to change this !
Be a designer ,the happiest moment is to see the pruducts designed by you which are uesed by everybody,your products can make people feel happy .looks fashion and humanized!
Maybe these dreams were too hard to come true,however , my opinion will encourage myself keep moving ,give me courage ,and remind me when i want to give up.
From my perspective, the worst mistake in the human race is the invention of nuclear weapons.
Nuclear weapons, in my opinion, are the most inhumane weapons ever invented, and the only ones capable of destroying life on this planet as we know it.
There is only one other global policy issue remotely comparable in terms of its impact on planetary survivability, and that is climate change: but nuclear bombs can kill us a lot faster than CO2.
Nuclear explosions produce both immediate and delayed destructive effects.
Blast and radiation cause significant destruction within seconds or minutes of a nuclear detonation.
The delayed effects, such as radioactive fallout and other environmental effects, inflict damage over an extended period ranging from hours to years.
In a word, the existence of nuclear weapons is a big threat to global peace.
Maybe our earth will be ruined by global nuclear war one day.
Albert Einstein is one of the most famous scientists in the world.
He is very clear and he threw his life into physics.
He is also a physicist that most great in the world.
He was born in Ulm, Germany 1897.
In 1921 he awarded Noble Prize for physics.
Where he was a baby he so stupid that he didn't speak until three years old after he went to school he found he love mathematics and had the idea of his theory of relativity when he was 16.
He not only studied mathematics but also studied physics in Zurich, Switzerland.
Some years ago he graduated and he got a job in an office to earn a living.
In the sometimes she was writing a book named theory of relativity, then book was published in 1905.
After that he resigned the job and became a university teacher in 1909.
Six years ago the general theory of relativity was published in1915.
After he awarded Novel Prize.
In 1955 he died.
Hao are you?I'm writing to you to tell some experience in China.
I studied with my Chinese friends and we also do some sports together.I visited many famous Chinese scenic spots which impressed me deeply ,such as the Forbidden City and the Summer Palace.I was very interested in Peking Opera though I could hardly understand some of the actor's dialogue.I also learned about the history and culture of China.Besides,Chinese food is so delicious that I enjoyed it very much.
This is the first Chinese Spring Festival I'v ever spend.I ate dumplings and watched TV with my friends on the New Year's Eve,and we all had a good time.
I enjoy the life in china,not only because the scenery and the food,but also the friendly people.The next time we can come to China together and I'll be your guide!Best wishes to you.
As we were children,we always said that Mother's Love is the greatest in the world.Now I also think so.Although my father also gives me love and helps me deal with the diffcult problems,I love mother most.
Though my mother is nearly 50 years old,she is beautiful and tender.In my memory ,my mother is kind and patient all the time.She ofen gives someone who is faced with diffcult things a hand.I have a big family.But when we come bake home from school together on weekends,she always try her best to make delisious food for us .No matter how tired she is,she is willing to do anything for us but she never complaints.In that my father was often out of home before, my mother not only cared for us but also went in for farming.As I was growing up,I began to uderstand her and study hard every day.Only in this way could I let her be happy and pride.
My mother do so much for us that we have none in return.The only thing I can do is studying hard.I love my mother,so I will do the same things for her one day.I hope my mother and father can live happy and comfortable in the future.
Family education is very crucial to us.A kid is a gift from god for their parents,and for a kid, the family education could influence his whole life.So,we should attach grent importance to family education.
It is a person said:"Successful family education the success of child,failure tutoring make children".As we can see,children's development were depend on their parents' teaching, family education is the foundation of others.
A kid is the "mirror" of the parents, a good parent would be rewards and punishment clearly, and the parents were more care about their kid's independent ability,not the succeeded in doing something.
And the critical point is that,in a process,they were trying to teach their kid that he can solve a problem effectively by himself.
Family education influence a person's whole life,we should be attached great importance to it.
Enjoy the refreshing taste of Doblemint gum.
The unique, minty flavor you can't get anywhere else.
Doublemint was launched in the U.S.
In 1914 and has since become one of the world's best-selling chewing gums, enjoyed by generations of consumers worldwide.Today, the classic Doublemint flavor lasts longer than ever.
Doublemint is one of the largest selling gum brands in the world, available in over 140 countries.
With the development of technology and science,blog is popular and popular.
Blog is used to fetch people's ideas and exchange their thoughts and feelings with others.
First, I think it's convenient for people to carry their thoughts and issue their works freely.
Blog is a platform which people can write down everything within the law, for example: some reactions to a book or an article, or experience and some photos during travelling.In other words, people can show themselves in this stage at will.
Second, it is much stronger for people to communicate than other websites.
When people write something, their friends or other people can read it, understand information about the blogger immediately.Therefore, this can strengthen people's communication and contact,develop a friendship and improve it and so on.
Third, it also accepts the function of quick updates but not using e-mails or other things compared to other network stations.
It is more conveniently and speedily for people to obtain some latest news.
However,"everything has two sides" also applies to the blog.
Many blogs are not written by the bloggers themselves.
And there are so many false and unhealthy information, and maybe it will do some potential harm to people.
What's more, the freedom that blog gives people perhaps leads to social responsibility dilution.
All in all,we should use blog correctly to improve our knowledge and skill no matter how it is.
As we can see the picture,a group of people gathered together to have dinner,but when host took food to the table,the rest of people have concentrated on their phone or laptop as if the delicious food not existed.It's made people to have deep thinking about the new technology.
Nowadays,with the development of new technology,it has brought a great influence on people's life,some people think the new technology has brought lots of conveniences to the society,However,other people hold the oppsite idea that technological devices has brought neglect impact on the society.In my perpective,I think negative sides is greater than the positive sides,there are several reasons to support the idea.
First of all,people really have been benefited from the new technology.Neverthelss,people has over depend on it,just like the picture.even if people sat together,they have addicted to their technological devices instead of talking to other people,How sad it is.In the second place,I think people do most things on the technological devices,for example,more and more people prefered reading on the internet to going to the library.i think it's the most disadvantage of new technology.you cannot learn some really important thing on the internet,although it can provide huge resources,and read books is the heritage of chinese culture.Last but not least,the new technology made people alienated from each other,people paid a lot attention to it.for example,people downloaded a lot of chatting applications on the phone,and they talked to eacn other on it.As time passes,they may forget how to get along with other people and the situation would get worse and worse.
In one word,we should use the advantage of new techonlogy,and try our best to get rid of the negative influence on the new technology.
Actually,For the sake of getting rhinoceros' s horn,the people kill the rhioceros;For the sake of getting tigers' skins and tigers' bone,the people kill the tiger ;For the sake of getting bear's palm,the people kill the bear;For the sake of getting turtle's rind,the people kill the turtle and so on.If the people don't have the requirement above,Don't the poachers also catch and kill them.
In order to protect wild animals,some of acknowledge people make a great efforts on it.And then ,Government lay down lots of statue to present wild animals from damaging.
Therefore,protecting wild animals is crucial.Weare not only forbid running restaurant but also forbid catching and killing.What's more ,It is necessary that we should punish the people who have a dreadful habit of eating wild animals .Of course, as the same time with punishing the customers ;we must taking a strong stance against the poacher ,too.Only in this way,we can arrive at the aim of protecting wild animals eventually.
As a college student ,we should develop a correct value system ,we should try our best to persuade the people who have a bad habit of eating wild animals .Maybe what we do is not enough ,but as long as we strive with the people around us together ,the world will become more and more beautiful .Do you think so?
I am a preparation meeting of college students in school ,our school will need to open a metting ,about 100 people , the need for a large conference rooms and four small conference rooms,meeting time for two days.Because we need a meeting two days there ,so i want yo know something about the environment for you ,hope to know you hotel conference facilities and where required quotation about tao days .
I want to ask you what specifications of the conference room ,how about the comfort level ,tea how to schedule,i hope you can give ma a table for reference.
Look forward to your reply .
I wish you a happy life .
The students of our school had a discussion about whether listening test in the National Matriculation English Test should be kept or canceled.
Some students think that listening test should not be canceled but some students believe listening test should be canceled.
Some students think listening test should be kept because listening is one of basic learning language we can't ignore.
Listening is one of the significant ways of obtaining information.
The international cooperation is increasingly, the ability of listening and speaking should strengthen.
Some students believe listening test should be canceled because in the test every where's effect are differen so its not fair.The English teachers and the English equipments'difference is very big between city and country.
Not everyone has to comminucate with foreinger orally in the future.
Nowadays,some university graduates complain that after graduation they can find a better job.
but, In my opinion,we are difficulties finding satisfactory jobs.
First, graduates lack experience.
They spend most of their time at school play games and lack relevant job training.
Only after graduation do they realize it's hard to find jobs.
Second, competition among graduates grows more bitter and more bitter and bitter.
The supply of university graduates exceeds social demand.
This results in a decreased chance for any individual graduate to find a job.
so,if we want to find a better job ,elcept study hard we also should do some job training.
This week, we held a talk show on our English class.
About 40% students in my class agreed to keep animals in zoos.
Firstly, people can watch many different kinds of animals in zoos.
What's more, animals can be taken good care by zoo keepers.
However, 60% students thought we should not keep animals in zoos.
First,animals would like to live in the wild that more than in zoos.
Last but not least, animals will be closed that they can not get freedom.
I think animals which are endangered should be kept in zoos.
Many people will kill them for something from their bodies.
Maybe they will much safer when they are in zoos.
We must protect the endangered animals or we can not see them any more.
After the New Year's Eve dinner with my family,we sat down in front of the TV and enjoyed 2015 CCTV Spring Festival program.
Later,the black sky was lightened by lots of fireworks with colorful light .We stopped watching the 2015 CCTV Spring Festival program and went to the balcony to see the beautiful fireworks view.
We also began enjoyed fireworks.How happy we are!
At aboutt 12 o'clock,I made a wish in New Year.Then I began to sleep.This is my happiest time of the year.This happiness is an unfogottable thing for me during the winter holiday.
Nowadays the excessive packaging of goods become very common.many companies wrap their goods with kinds of bags,boxes,and different baskets.all measures above are attract customer's station and have a purchase to their goods.
The reason for excessive packaging include of follow cases.the nice packaging can let their goods looked beautiful.what's more, it can stimulating customer's purchasing desire.
many people have an idea that the good purchasing equal to quality.but sometimes we would pay more attion to their beutiful packaging without care the good's quality.but the excessing packaging lead to lots of rubbish and a waste of many natural resources,so we should take measures limite the action.
First of all we should let people know the disadvantages of excessive packaging .in addtion the goverment should make the laws about the phonomenon.
In my opinion only in this way can we put an end to the excessing packaging.
Spring festival is the most important traditional festival in China.Before Spring festival,people usually clean their house and buy many foods.They also decorate their house.On the eve of the Spring festival,people often have the gteatest dinner together.They set off fireworks after dinner,and then they don't sleep until tomorrow.During the festival,people visit their relatives and friends.Children can get candies and lucky money from the elder relatives.
Parents' love is greatest.However,children often neglect their parents' love or take it for granted.They think it is parents'responsibility to care them.
There is a common phenomenon that we often say "thank you" to a stranger.This phenomenon demonstrate that we are strict with our relationships,moreover are kind with unfamiliar people.If we want to maintain the love between our parents,friends and other relationships and us,we must learn to express our love to them.
Parents give us too much love from we were born.They take good care of us without hesitation.
On the contrary,if we do housework at home,we often ask for reward.In short,we should learn the skill which can sustain our love forever.The skill is saying "thank you" to familiar people frequently.From now on,please often say "thank you" to your parents without hesitation!
Long long ago,there was a little boy born in a poor family.His parents died in the war.After he grows up,he became a doctor,after met a lot of life and death to leave.He thought that human's life is so fragile.And he volunteered to join the MSF(Medecins Sans Frontiers,Doctors Without Borders).
His destination is Africa.Then he departures his hometown for 20 years.In the 20 years,he tried his best of saving people's lives to let the number of deaths decreased.And he declined all the returns.Day by day,he was getting older,can't like a young man to help people anymore.But people in there treated him like their own family,their connection was getting closer and closer.
On the day he came back,he hugged by everyone.When he said "Goodbye",he resisted let his tears fall down.
About this story,I want to tell everyone that no one is special.We are identical.We can't hurt anyone.
This is to check details for an event next week.Anyway,the first meeting room and second meeting room I have booked for the event.
Don't forget that you have to confirm the schedule with security.
Also,you should know that Rona is on a business trip,so she will be late.
See you soon.
My mother is known for her stormy temper.
When she got angry, her hostile glare casted absolutely could blow all lights up.
In her dictionary, the word of difficulty never exists.
Because of her strong character no sooner does my grandfather praise my mother when he met neighbors and friends.
Ten years ago, my big sister worked in Shenyang.
During the old days, poverty is the top concern in the family and therefore the cost of taking bus to our family was a heavy burden.
Accordingly besides spring festival, it was so hard that reuniting for my family.
Later, my big sister gained promotion to be a chief with improved wages and welfare.
She wanted to share the honor with our family so that she ordered a ticket from Wuhan to Shenyang for mother.
Considering my father tend to easily get sickness and consequently my mother is the most suitable people to be the pioneer.
Otherwise if my father got sick in the plane as serious as in the car, he would be tortured in double stress due to unfamiliar environment.
It was one month from the date to go that my mother was started worried about how to bring so many good stuff from home, such as cured meat, steamed spareribs with rice flower, dried mushroom, agaric, pickled vegetables, lotus root pork ribs soup, etc.
Most of them are specialties.
Hearing the news of the visit, each relatives came to my home expressed that visiting the daughter by plane was a completely big deal and ask to bring several gifts to my big sister.
In the end it was profoundly noticeable gifts mountain without doubts and my mother was getting more worries.
My father said that just bring something important.
Mother had just given him a good scolding right to his face and sobbed out the sorrow and bitter of being away from home for a girl.
Under any the hardest and the most tired circumstances should I bring all the stuff to Shenyang.
But the question is that there is not enough bags to hold all the stuff.
Even the plastic basket for purchasing food was serving on.
Fortunately my father is intelligent enough to puzzle out the solution-sheet.
The volume of such kind of thing is extremely considerable which could hold all the gifts from relatives, for instance, the cloth, bamboo shoots, dried fish, etc.
It would be suiatble for rolling over and then tie up.
After putting all stuff in order, we got fainted to find that all the bags have spread half area of house.
Later I asked father and mother how to carry all the stuff to the airport and they just said that to carry them for several times to the airport is OK.
I cannot image that; however I am sure that it was must be a remarkable project.
Except for some bigger bags, the oddments were too many and not qualify to check so my mother tied them together by strings to carry on the airplane with hand-baggage.
And my big sister sent two cars to pick up and it is still not enough at all.
They called another taxi without choice.
My sister told me that my mother was like a flowing grocery at that moment.
A cart could not hold all the impedimenta at all so far; carrying a variety of bags and baskets on her hands, supporting some boxes, my mother made two briefcases separately hung on two arms danced up and down.
My mother is the typical Chinese woman who never afraid of hard in well health.
My sister said that when my mother descended from the plane she was all of a sweat liked drop into a tub of water and she had no eye for it because she was busy with looking for my sister while all the people in the airplane were watching her.
Hardly had my sister seen mother when sister disentangled the luggage; however two bags were hardly to pick up.
It was too hard to image that how my mother to carry them on the airplane and then carry them off.
My sister's tears could not restrain any longer and then sat on the ground in the airport and started to bawling.
As soon as my sister heard that she wailed in louder sound.
Later my mother became the legend in my sister's company.
When talking about my mother, everybody praise her without doubts.
And now every time my sister describes the situation, she cannot stop laughing, either do I.
And I felt the taste of bitter, too.
I love them.
Hello teacher.
Firstly I am glad to introduce myself to you.
My name is X. I come from Y which is a small young city.
I am a 19 years old girl.
I do not have long hair, this is different to other girls.
I like smiling because I think smile can not only bring luck but also make me look friendly.
Maybe in the eyes of others, I am a quiet unapproachable girl, it is because I am a little shy sometimes.
But as a fact, I like to make friends.
And I like to try many new things.
I like reading books and my favorite writer is echo.
In my free time I always reading her books, I also like listening to music, my favorite star is Eason.
Last my English is poor especially writing English.
So this year I will try my best to improve it.
That is all.
Thanks for you reading.
Hello,everyone,my name's Liu,I'm a sophomore now.Nearly two years ago,I participated in an extremely important exam,means college entrance examination.I didn't develop well at that moment,and I've regretted it ever since.
I had been a hard-working student before I went to high school,and I was admitted to the best high school in my city,all of my family believed that I was surely to enter a key university.But I failed,because of my laziness and degradation,I sunk to nearly the last of the whole grade at the first semester of senior two.Until then I realized that I couldn't act the fool anymore,I had to continue studying,I should be responsible for my future.After my effort I made much progress,maybe it was a little late,I didn't went to a key university finally.So,I swear,I must study hard and do not repeat my history.
I love basketball best,although I don't play it well,I enjoy watching NBA,it's filled with passion.My favorite NBA star is Carmelo Anthony,he is so handsome,so cute,so strong and I really take a fancy to him.I'm sure that he will get the ring one day.
OK,let me tell you about my family.I'm in a three-people family,my father,my mother and I.My mother is a teacher,she teaches Chinese in a professional school.My father is a police ,I admire him so much.Once my dream was being a police,I thought it was very handsome,but I found it was so busy and so dangerous gradually,I gave it up.My mother is always tender,if I want to do something irrelevant to study,I will ask for her permission,not my father,he is extremely strict to me,we nearly quarreled everyday since I was in senior school,however,he's still my father,we all knew that we would make up,that was right.
I come from Heilongjiang province,northeast of China,it's very far from Shanxi province.This is the first time I leave home for another place.To my surprise,I don't miss hometown so much,but I really miss my parents.I must study hard,get a good job to repay then for what they owned to me.
Currently,my dream is becoming a technical personnel,I will make every effort to do my best,I believe I can do it.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I still will be bachelordom.I will enjoy the freedom.I will filial piety and take care of my nephew,when ten years later he will become a teenager.
I should find a interesting job,but if I can't find it,i will do anything whatever I can.
When I was a child,I want to go around the world,such as Paris London the Dutch town,those is all my love places.Before I not old,I want to walk around.
Nowadays,it is more and more clear that there are many differences between college and high school study .Why?
In that many may perform well at high school ,but badly at college; while others may be seen as common at high school,what's more no way for their future but do well in their study at college.What's the difference?
First, the method of studying must be changed,when in high school, one have so rich time to concentrate on his courses ,yet, the situation has been changed at college,one must think as much as he can to adapt to the college study.Second,teachers are the major roles in one's study, but at college the role is the student himself.Third,college is a relative atmosphere,no one will tell you what should be done like your teachers do at high school.
According to these differences and my own experience one should change to adapt to college study, at the same time ,can ask the others for help.
First, communicating with friends in English anywhere in daily lives.
You can find your English skills being improved quickly.
Besides, it is useful for you to listen to the English news and watch English programmers.
Although you don't really understand what people in programmers say, you can know more usages about the American slang.
What's more, joining the English corner is an excellent chance to show ability and take part in different activities such as singing English songs and discuss different topics with others.
Fourth, travelling in a country which English is spoken.
You must try your best to talk with local people.
Last but not least, you'd better recite the articles in public because it can go beyond yourself.
And students hold different attitude on it.Some students think it,s good to use the Internet.
The reasons are as follows:Firstly, we can access information via the Internet and broaden one,s horizous.Secondly,we can communicate with friends and share with them.What,s more,it,s a good way for us to relax and enjoy ourselves.
However,some students hold negative attitude on using the Internet.And it,s bad to our eyes if we use the Internet frequently.Besides, many students are infatuated with chatting with others and playing games,and it,s a waste of time and energy.
I think it has disadvantages andadvantages.If you can control yourself and use the Internet to do something which is good for our study.It will be better to use the Internet.
Today,the busy life and work make us under pressure.How tobalance the work and health is becoming a important question.
There's nothing more important than having a healthy life.But proper stress will work for you and turn into a pushing force behind your struggle.If stress affects you beyond a certain appropriate points,however,it is an undue stress,which will do harm to your health.
I will make some example about how to resolve the conflict between work and health.First,you should learn to relax in the fact of your stressors.Second,you should be realistic and keep your lines of communication open.Third,make time for self-renewal.Last,take pleasure in regular exercise.
I usually live a happy life,but sometimes have some trouble either.If the trouble bothers me,i will focus on the positive and adjust my attitude about it.
Nowadays,more and more people confront a big problem,live in the city or live in in the country.Like a coin have two faces ,live in the city or live in the country have some worried problems,and have some advantages.
At first,If we live in the city ,we have good education ,good hospitals ,and,the traffic must very convient .but in the other way,we have many environment problems,such as,the air pollution,the water pollution.we also have the traffic problem ,the traffic jam.
As far as I'm concerned,I like live in the country,althrough there are a little work chance, but, I think there are many advantages for live in the country,For example,in the country,the air is fresh,the water is clear,the traffic is good,the people are very friendly and so on.The countryside is generally quiet and peaceful -- certainly not as contaminated with toxic pollutants as the city.
There isn't as much traffic or smog or pollution from industry.
Ecologically speaking, the advantages to living in the country include eating locally grown food; less pollution because cars are not idling in traffic as happens in the city; and land on which to grow your own food and raise your own animals.
In the country, you have more space.
If you want to build on your home, you have the room to do it.
If you want to construct a shed or a barn or an art studio, you have the room.
Space is at a premium in urban areas, which is not the case in the countryside.
You can even have more kids than you would have had if you had stayed in your tiny city dwelling.
Depending on where you live in the country, you can have mountain views, lake views, ocean views or pasture-like scenes right outside your door.
I like live in the country .
As we all know that Lunar New Year has long been the most essential cultural celebration on the Chinese calendar.In my family,we also do many various preparations before the new year.
The first step is clearance.We will per-pare it for two weeks.My mother divide the housework into many parts and we finish it little by little ,day and day.
Then,the next step is doing new year shopping.To be honest,I enioy doing new year shopping with my mother extremely much.We buy a slew of food ,such as candy ,fruits ,cookies and so on.The third step is getting a haircut and new clothes for the new year,we buy many new and beautiful clothes for our family members.In our country,there also have a special convention ,which is picking pommel leaves to boil with the water,and use it to take a bath.in that people said that it can repel unfavorable luck.
Finally we will have a big feast with our family member in the Eve of the Lunar New Year,we eat the delicious foods and share the happy things with each other.Luckily,children can get the first lucky money from their parents.
First we should practice English every day.When learning a new word, you should keep it in mind.In everyday life the wrong spelling will bring a lot of trouble.In the future study work life brings the problem.Immediately find the words you don't have to look for.If we to know more,we can know more.We Learn to be able to pass an English dictionary.And we can internet access to more.Listen to the radio in the morning.Multiple dictation,More practice.To change this affairs and make students pay attention to spelling when learning English,there are several measures.First, teachers should think highly of spelling,and then make studnts pay attention to it.Second,spelling can become an important point in exams.After all,exam is very important to a student.Third,students can do some games about spelling in class to improve it.
The spelling is important.We should know more.
Refer to live in the city or countryside, there is no doubt that I prefer urban life.
In my opinion, growing up in the village, I was determined to experience the urban life with my family on my own at my young age.
As far as I am concerned, the life in the town will be easier.
On the one hand, you can buy anything you want in the supermarkets from time to time or go to the hospital immediately when you are ill by car or by bus, without walking for a long time.
On the other hand, the great difference between urban area and rural area is that you can pay a visit to the spectacular library or go to the places of entertainment to relax yourself.
To be honest, the city life also has its disadvantages, noise and air pollution included.
However, those can be reduced with the modern IT machines.
Therefore, it is obviously I like the urban life better.
She is a beautiful woman.Nevertheless now she lost her curly hair.She was so sad that she can not imagine how to tide over the day without hair.
So she tried many medicines and combed her hair all day and all night.
One day,when she fell asleep in a deeply night.She had a dream that a strange man told her the way to solve this problem and show her a grass.
Next day,when she woke up.A grass which appeared in her dream was beside her.She ate this grass and her hair grew fast.She was excited and she wanted to everyone has hair so she told this product to everyone who has no hair.
Everyone appreciated her, but she had disappeared.
I am writing to inform you that the foreign language training will be started on Fridqy.Our company has won a large export order,so we should speak the foreign language fluently.If you are not good at it,you can attend this course.
Please attend on time.
I went to the Beijing when I was 14 years old.the Great wall is very wonderful.I got there by train with my parents and friends.
I am looking forward to next trip.We had a good time.
From our birth,we each have a curiosity.
It is the behavior that human being.So we should pay attention to cultivate our curiosity.
We always intend to realize why.This is our curiosity.
Curiosity leads us to find and practice everything that is around ourselves.
We should protect curiosity instead of limiting it.Curisioty is the source of creation.For example,Jame Watt invited steam engine and Ford created the T-car.
On the other hand,curiosity is dangerous.Children are curious to find out what is dangerous.
We should remind ourselves that being too curious can be dangerous.We ought to take a good way to lead our curiosity.Taking into account all these things.We actually come to conclusion that whether 16 or 60,there is in every human being's heart the lure of wonders.
My holiday is very beautiful.
I plan in great detail, with a lot of people, I went to Port Arthur and classmates.
We went to see the cherry blossoms, the sea and the square.
We sing in the seaside.
When we saw the sea, sad heart is not.
In my opinion, and students go out to nice, can have a look the scenery along the road, to experience the wonder of life.
I like this trip, it gives me a lot of happiness.
Our holiday five days, I have a detailed plan for him.
Three days ago I stayed in Lushun, experience the quiet life.
For example, she and I go to buy food, go to see the beautiful scenery.
Because the place can provide opportunities for cooking, we experience life.
For me, this trip is very beautiful, I realized and friends can do many meaningful things, I love and they together.
And I hope they can go to watch the beautiful scenery.
As a student,a new semester stands for a new start which contributes to the next journey of my learning.In order to enjoy the beautiful scenery during the journey,what should I do?
As far as I am concerned,it is necessary to make a plan for my new term.
There is a saying:"No pains,no gains.
"So I will work hard to improve my level of English.I will also pay more attention to the breaking information at home and abroad.For example,many Chinese are holding demonstrations for these days,which express their indignation and resentment of the Japanese occupation of our territory(Diaoyu Islands).As a young patriot,we absolutely do not allow such a thing-Japan has ever invaded our country-from happening again.By focusing on such news,I can widen my view and have a strong feeling that I shall love my motherland forever and protect her against the aggression of other countries.
Besides, I want to use some new ways to have a nice trip,such as traveling,joining in social practice,doing some part-time jobs etc.
I am going to have a real travel that make me experience the true world by myself in my summer/winter holiday.
This is my plan for the new semester.I am ready for it.Fighting!
There is a controversial issue about whether formal examination is out of date.Opinions vary greatly on this issue.Some people hold the belief that formal examination is out of date,while others argue that testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability.
Some people deem that formal examination is served to crame teaching,and students were exposed to books, students did not have a positive access to study .Therefore,they intend to in quest for a another form of examination,and tend to American's.By contrast,other people argue that we need to remember that in the long history of human education, testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability.It did not out of date.
As far as I am concerned,formal examination is not out of date till now.To begain with,it play a important role in tese how much you had mastered;Furthermore,it is a most efficient way;Most importantly,it was extremely suitable to our condition;Consequently,although formal examination was not the best way to us,it was the most suitablt to us,far from out of date!
As is known to us,guilty points to someone who has committed crime .To some degree,it means violating the law directly.What's more, only meet the conditions of the crime ,in this case,the authority can convict somebody of crime.For this reason,we cannot confirm the guilty or not casually.
From my perspective,to the principle,i cannot agree any more.
Actually,before being condemned,the authority is supposed to collect crime solicitation.However,if the authority dose not have any evidence to prove one's guity,then,according to the law,the person who is suspected dose not have guilty.That means he is innocent.
In short,our nation is democratic and everyone is equal in the law.So all of us ought to speak with evidence and everything should follow the law.
The invention of chopsticks reflects the ancient Chinese wisdom.
A pair of chopsticks, it seems simple, but can nip, up, rip and stir food.
In ancient times, called "chopsticks chopsticks".
Chopsticks development has experienced a long history.
Xia Zhaochu (AD twenty-first Century to sixteenth Century), the shape of the chopsticks are also in development.
Chopsticks are only in the Shang Dynasty (Sixteenth Century BC to eleventh Century) became two equilong stick.
I am seeing your questions.Don't worry.It's natural to forget new words.Here is some advice for you.
First,I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.Why not try to read aloud the words when you see them?Don't forget to use them as much as possible.What's more,you can find some English stories to read.It's a good ways to remember a lot of vocabulary and get to know a lot about the world through reading.How about watching films and listening to the music or radio?Watch and listen several times and guess the meaning of the new words.Each time you will learn something new.What about using the Apps?Such as Boxfishi,Shanbay and so on.Finally,you can speak English with your friends.
These are my ideas.I believe you can improve your English and speak English very well!
My view is kepping balance between reading good books and practice.
On the one hand, I don't think we can do something directly before reading.
On the other hand, If we just read, we can't develop our practical skills.
What's serious, we may lose our birth skills.
So my point is that we can't give up reading or practice.
Reading is beneficial to our growth.
It can tell us the history,help us enjoying the historical fortune and summerizing the shortage.
Finally, we can become the person what we want.
Reading not only boraden our minds but also affects our behaviors.
Reading provide direction with behaviours and help us finishing our work with shortest time.
Before practice, we should have a clearly mind.
What we should do and what's way we can do are the reading work.
In general, we pratice after reading because we want to know it is right or wrong.Through careful practice, we can enjoy the beauty of environment and hunman and develp our skills.We can also know the effects what affects the books routes from the environment and human .
The books routes can't achieve the ideal goals in our daily life.
When we use reading and practice perfectly,I believe we can have a satisfied life.
Using reading as our pioneer,the practice is our worker.
Pioneer helps us decide our direction and offers perfect way to our life .Worker has experience and can tells us what is a perfect way in future if we do the same thing .Worker enjoys sadness and happiness ,senses the beautiful world in his eyes or heart and justisfies himself to achieve the final work.
In my point of my view, we should learn reading and practice at the same time because they are both important for us.
I believe that If we insist this way,we are the winers not only for ourself finally.
As the saying goes, everyone's heart has a hero, maybe who saves the person or helps the person out of trouble.
All things as are below.
Firstly,hero has a sense of responsibility or the moral guide.
As everybody knows, Lei Feng is a hero.
He is responsible to public.
He never thinks that he is able to do, but just for person needs.
This is his natural character.
He is unknown, so people call "Lei Feng".
He is a great, and admirable person.
Second, hero is brave and prefect presence of mind when he faces the trouble.
Chen Sheng is a brave person.
After he led an uprising, which is very successful.
This uprising makes a difference on old China.
Finally, hero devotes to life.
Hero never thinks itself firstly.
They are selflessness.
For example, miss Nightingale worked all day to see that the wounded soldiers were well looked after and properly nursed during the war.
After she raised money to build the Nightingale Home for nurses in London.
She also wrote a book on public health, which was printed in several countries.
These can reflect her selflessness.
With the development of economy, society needs promote moral concept.
We should learn from heroes.
My name is Y. I am 18 years old.
I live in the beautiful city of X. I graduate from B senior high school.
First, I'm easy-going,and I have many friends in my life.
When people meet with trouble in their life,I would help them.
Now I come to The C City Career Academy, I hope to get on well with my classmates.
Second,I have some disadvantages.
My temper is not good.
I often get angry with my friends.
Although they think it's not, I'm very sorry.
Third,I like writing.
One day, my teacher told me to participate in the composition contest.
It's a good chance for me to show myself.
In the end, I got third.
My teachers and classmates were very happy.
Fouth, It's impossible for everyone to go off smoothly no doubt.
In a speech contest,I caught a cold.
I believed myself.
Don't give up.
Although I didn't get anything, I learnt a lot.
At least I challenge myself.
My hometown is Guigang which is one of the cities in Guangxi Province .My hometown is located in the south of Guangxi Province and along the Yu river.It is one of the important inland ports in the South China.
Guigang has a total area of10,596 square kilometers.And it was home to 474 million people .Its native language is Guigang language .Guigang boasts plentiful sources , such as Gibb-site ,coal ,iron and so on.Guigang is famous for tea and tropical foods .Guigang is also a historical city .The Taiping Rebellion originated in Guigang .There are many beautiful attractions which are natural beauty .
I love my hometown .
Contemporary college students like us, as a new thing, new ideas, new ideas for a group of the most agile, most rapidly, we are facing a variety of opportunities.
For example: University part-time, social research and enterprise practice.
Maybe a lot of people will think that the main responsibility of college students is to learn.
I am from the summer high school began its first part-time, then unsuspectingly, first want to play part-time, what are not, just look for a manufacturer to make a month salary, only more than one thousand.
I was very excited, feeling more than one thousand have a lot of money.
During the period of working hard, braving the sun every day riding a bike to work, hot and the sun, but now also think value, at least I earn a lot of experience, know the hard work but also get a lot of different ideas and concepts, harvest.
I have also worked as a waiter, very hard to train a person.
Although tired, but I know how to treat, how to meet the needs of the guests, the guests the best service attitude, what impressed me most is to be treated in the same face to every guest, but he learned to appreciate a lot of things, especially polite is very important.
Everyone has their own advantages and strengths, but also has its own shortcomings and weaknesses.
As is often said that "everyone has his own advantages".
Each of the students have the ability to deal with their own understanding of objective things.
College Students' social survey activities are second class, very good, you can exercise and improve the ability of multi-level.
In the face of different problems, learn ability, use your head, in view of some problems, and put forward some thinking and solving methods; learn to stand in someone else's point of view to the problem, collecting a lot of materials, from perceptual knowledge to the social objective things, to gain social adjustment of material to carry on the ponder and the analysis, thus by the understanding of things external to internal relations of understanding of things.
Everyone should have a good mentality, to determine the proper goal of their own, the most important thing is to put into action.
In social practice activities, some people will feel fear, fear of rejection, the feeling of social practice too tired too bitter, or some people think teachers layout of social practice activities just to complete the task and so on each kind of mentality has...
Even if rejected it, without fear, most find good people are willing to listen to the next.
Be good at communicating with others in social practice, to have confidence, to overcome their fear mentality, in short, for our college students, it is a very valuable experience.
However, as a college student, must have a certain ability to work and the spirit of bearing hardships, express a certain communication skills and language ability.
With the development of our society,we are stepping into the information times.Computers,mobile phones and pads are as same as clothing and food.People may never stop using and developing it.What's more,just in resent years,the popularity of Blog is soaring quickly.
I don't have any Blog,because perhaps I'm not fashionable enough.Nevertheless, in my opinion,I observe that this thing is good, and that's why there're numerous people choose to use it.First,internet covered is an essential reason,so people can use computers,phones and pads on the internet everywhere.It's definitely conveniently and efficiently.Second,human are social animals.They want to be together with each other,however,most of them can't do that at any time,but they still want to let others know what's the feelings and thoughts of their own and communicate with them.
As same as the other internet communicating software.Blog also has some hidden danger that we must be aware of.You'd better never put your real information on your Blog,because there're always a lot of people who don't really want to talk to you but to cheat you and use you.
Anyway,we can't say Blog is evil just because it has some hidden troubles,because it make our lives better and most of the people who using Blog are doing meaningful things.
Christianity theorized the Original Sin, maintaining life is suffering, and individuals need atone for our crime.
Though that has long been a view of pessimism, the essence of life emerges in the myth of Sisyphus that persistence and perseverance the prime impetus for individuals to tackle temporary problems, and we, human beings, are not born to meet the Waterloo.
As is vividly depicted in the drawing, a group of young people are running in great hurry with crosses on the shoulder, endlessly and aimless.
Cutting down the cross at the point of exhaustion, a "smart" guy regards that as a perfect solution to run faster and he is wiling to do that numerous times.
Unfortunately, a big gap, which could be gone over by the original cross, appears in front of him and he could not laugh last obviously.
The cross stands for enormous responsibility that individuals should assume without hesitation.Diminishing responsibility is not a positive approach to lengthen our life.
Conversely, it pays to face the music and be unremitting to widen it.
Throughout history, "Never give up" said by Churchill who became Prime Minister, led Britain to victory in the Second World War because of his indomitable will and perseverance.
The "cross" on his shoulder means the security of the whole nation in terms of understanding, he was intrepid, and so much so that no force or no individual could make him stop.
Additionally, in our home, Michael Yu, the founder of New Oriental, failed in the college entrance examination, twice.
He kept his resolve and admitted to Peking University the following year.
Undertaking the "cross", he stimulated and empowered students of ages to broaden their horizons through a lifelong learning.
When things get worse, we just have to grit us teeth and do not give up, and if we stick with it, if we don't flinch in the face of some hardships, we are on the path to success.
After ten years' harding study,I was admitted to TYUT.
At the very beginning, I was fully confused,not only because I lived very far away from my home,but I had no friends or relatives here.But through three months' adaptation,I thought I had very clearly idea about my future and I have three goals in this college.
My first aim is to study hard in order to pass all the exams.I want to be skillful at every object,especially the Oral English because it is a method that I can communicate with foreigners and develop relationships with them.My second goal is to get along well with my classmates,especially my roommates for they are extremely important to me,therefore, our friendship even can last forever.Besides,I also can call help to them when I come to having trouble.I think the more friends I have,the more benefit I can get.The last but not least,I want to past the postgraduate entrance exams in NJ University,nothing because I like that place.That's all!
In English classroom, the teacher let us watch a video about AIDS.
I read the following, I felt very excited and alarmed.Especially newborn babies suffer from AIDS.To this situation,Ifelt very sad and helpless.People who Infect AIDS is very thin.Not only these people is low in spirits,but they also lack money to diagnosed AIDS.We all know,If people infect with the HIV virus,then It will die within the next several year.
So we should reinforce human common sense of AIDS to stop the spread of AIDS.
Hello everyone ,I would like to check details for an event next week with my two assistanrs.first, we booke no.8 rooms for the event.Next, all of you should confirm the event which is on tuesday at 2:00 pm.
And you need attend the event in time.But one partener will be late because he need to attend an another important meeting .
this email is for all the staff ,everyone should confirm the schedule security.
When I was a child, I have no interest in study.
My mother told me : knowledge is power.
Knowledge is wealth.
Although I didn't understand what she sad, I remember this sentence clearly.
Well, when I went to school, teacher taught me something I have never learned.
I fond it difficult for me to learn math well.
From then on, I try to understand my mother's words.
I study in my free time.
During the period of university life I learn many things I have never learned.
Cell phones have become increasingly popular in china these days.
wherever you go you can see people using cell phones.
many high school students have cell phones.
Cell phones have brought people a lot of benefits, but the most important is that they are convenient.
with cell phones in their hands, they can keep in touch with anybody they want.
if someone has a heart attack or a traffic accident, a call to emergency hospital or to the police can quickly bring him the help he wants.
However, cell phones can also bring people problems.
the most serious problem is that when people are having a meeting or at a concert etc, the ring of the cell phone may interrupt others.
so i think people should use cellphones as little as possible.
In today's fast-paced world, stress has become an inevitable part in our life.
Many kinds of big events, such as natural disasters, wars and death can cause stress.
While a little stress can push us to compete and innovate, it's the excess that does the harm.
Rather than letting your stress take over your life, try some methods of stress-management and you'll be relaxing in no time.
I agree with the theorem that taking time away from your stressors is the first step to relieve your stress.
If you know that the origin of you stress is a specific person or activity, simply cut it out of your life.
If your stressor is something permanent-- work,school, or family.
For example, find ways to spend time away from it.
The second step is to reframe your problems.
Sometimes, a stressful situation is just a matter of perspective.
Instead of focusing on the negatives and the problems that are causing your anxiety, concentrate on the positives.
Do your best to see things in a positive light, and avoid cynicism by all means.
Presumably making environmental changes is also a valid method to relieve your stress.
What is worth mentioning is to listen to some music or get a massage or move to a completely new place.
It has shown that music has a very strong effect on changing mood and mental state.
Keeping music playing in the background while you--- work, study, or just go about your daily activities is a great way to subconsciously alter your stress levels.
Scientific studies have linked the scent of lavender and oranges to reduced stress and anxiety levels.
You can dab a bit of essential oil on your temples to relieve a stress-induced headache.
If making little changes isn't enough to cheer you up, try moving to completely new place for a bit.
If work or study is too difficult in your office or at home, just try to relocate to a cafe or a park.
This will help you move your thoughts away from your stressors, and give you a chance to breath and recover from your anxiety.
In addition, you need do some relaxing activities or try out.
Return to a lost hobby by planning your favorite sport, picking up your art journal, or heading out for a hike.
You'll feel refreshed when you've given yourself time to do something you love.
Head outside and sit in the daylight for 10 minutes is also a good choice.
Sunlight is a natural cure for depression, which is tied to stress and anxiety.
Mother nature provides excellent stress relief via the great outdoors.
It is also worth mentioning to get daily exercise.
Exerting yourself physically releases endorphins that make you happy.
That means that if you're stressed, you can cheer yourself up just by making your anxiety out the window just by making your heart work harder.
Head for a bike ride or swim, pick up some weights, or play your favorite sport to become both physical and mental healthy.
Above all is laugh it out.
Laughter is the best medicine, so they say.
Turn on your favorite comedy, look at funny videos or get together with a funny friend.
Smiling and laughing release stress relieving hormones in your brain which will have you feeling better in no time.
As far as I am concerned, when stress does occur, it is important to recognize and deal with it rather than escaping from it.
I always go for a run, which helps me relax and it is good in keeping a very peaceful mind.
And also take a deep breath is very helpful in helping me calm down.
In recent years, Online Shopping is becoming more and more popular.And it becomes a fashionable trend in our life.
Different people have different voices.
It cannot be denied that online shopping has Many advances.Most people choose the goods they like on the internet.One of the reason is that it brings people convenience.
People can buy something that they want without door.So they don't have to waste a lot of time to go to shop.
And when people make online shopping,they can find out more items than in physical store.Moreover, in most occasions,the items sold online are cheaper than those commodities in conventional store.
Yeah, cheaper items that are attractive to most people.
But a coin has two sides.
Shopping on the internet also has its disadvantages.
On the one hand, customers can't see the goods.People don't know the real qualities of these goods.And sometimes, people receive some items that are not the same as it looks on the computer.On the other hand,some shop may cheat you.
They will never deliver anything to you after they get the money.
Even if online shopping take a high risk, it has become a strong trend in modern society.
But we must have a high care.And the related laws should also be enforced to keep customers' property's security.
Different from old times, more and more schools now encourage students making comments on their teachers in order to continuously improve the quality of the education.
It is no doubt that this kind of two-way communication can be really helpful for teachers.
Firstly, students' feedbacks provide teachers a new channel to estimate the quality of their work and theirselves roundly.
In my college, we used to give marks to our teachers at the end of the term, and sooner the great progress they made could be seen obviously after they read our comments.
Second, according to students'suggestions, teachers can also get to know our needs during the entire learning process better.
And the fact is, specific teaching programs lead to a efficient effect.
However there is another argument against this new educational trend.
They have a point that these changes may cause the respect and discipline disappear from the classrooms.
To some extent, their view is understandable.
But the truth is, our respects are based on teachers'personal character, their knowledge and abilities.
A teacher who is happy to take student's advice and trying to positively improve himself will never lose our respect, and the discipline in classroom won't be influenced either.
We saw a famous movie in the class and it called Unbroken.
The story is about a real story of a pilot in the Second World War about Survival, Resilience and Redemption.
The producer is one of my favorite American actresses--Angelina Jolie.
In my heart, it was a very good film.
After watching it, I think the best part was the plane crashed during a search in the centre of the sea and then three person lived on the sea 47 days.
They eat raw seafood and drunk seawater.
Nobody could think about it because it was very hard for them to live on the sea about 50 days.
It was very amazing.
Although one of them dead in the end, everything is so crazy that no one believes it was an easy job at that time.
It was an unbelievable truth in the many years ago.
It let me feel very unbelievable at that time.
As far as I am concerned, a terrible problem is that the movie shows us the war was a very cruel thing.
The movie is very fantastic, when I have free time at the weekend I will watch it to the end.
There is no doubt that opportunity like worm always appears around us.Nonetheless the only way to catch it is the diligence.The reason why the early bird can catch the worm is that it is earlier than the others.This philosophical wisdom by the proverbs, one of the famous sayings in the world, is equivalent to the Chinese traditional wisdom.
As the proverbs goes "The early bird catches the worm",So deep do I believe the proverbs in that I have a deep be keenly aware of it.Back to ten years ago, I was a pupil.Not having waken up to the importance of diligence,I lived in a terrible life.So sluggish was me that I achieved the most dreadful mark one after another.Perhaps it is the fate ,I was changed by a story.In my intention it caused a deep shock, Like breaking undulation lapping.I respected his ruthless driving of myself, My absorption in my work.So the celerity did my performance improved.
All in all then,as it witness, I increasingly believe diligence is indispensable.The reason why the early bird can catch the worm is diligence.With this conviction, I hold this belief to meet new challenges.In no way shall I distrust it.
The purpose of this report is to assess the results of a customer survey and suggest possible ways of improving the situation.
Satisfaction with the range of products 62% thanks to the eye_catching products.
Satisfaction with the open hours is 87%.Most of this is due to the service of a large sales team.
Satisfaction with the staff friendliness is only 30% owing to its lacking in training.
It is hard for customer to find things in our store.
Taking the staff to a training course immediately.
Attracting more customers to the products by providing the in_store system and available discounts.
It is convenient to find things with a new store layout next month.
Parking is no longer a problem with a new site of parking land.
Nowdays, with the development of the society.
More and more collage students are facing a lot of problems.
They lost confident.
For example When they enter the university campus and faced with a problem that they are unable to solve.
Everyone almost lost their confident, lost their spirits and even change their lives they are sleep all days,they felt lonely, upset, depressed and disappoint.
In my opinion.
If you want to get confident.You should do something that help others in need and spending your time on somethings worthwhile.
If you live in such a campus, you will find life exciting and significance that you seek.
You will get more confident on campus, you will get ahead.Believe yourself,you are number one!
Today phones owner has more than one million people phones some take advantages and disadvantages aspects.
On the one hand, it is convenient for us to call other people.
Phones also cause the information spreading fast.
On the other hand, phones also take some disadvantages.
Phones that we minimize the opportunity of face-to-face communication.
We are addicted to phones depend on phones.
So in my opinions, we can learn some useful things by the phone.
Rather than play games on the phone.
In all the word, reasonable use phones are the most important for us.
Phones are useful in our life.
I'm very much regret I was unable to attend school this morning.Because I had a cold.That made me so uncomfortable.
I am enclosing here with a certificate from the doctor who is attending me.He fears it will be several days before I can come back to school.I trust my absence will not give you any serious inconvenience.
In comtemporary society , the only children become more and more, and more and more charge to raise a child .
Parents with children in less time , almost no leisure and they do not have chance to intevaction with each other .
I think that parents shonld spend more time to play with their children .
Parents can teach their children many things in the process of communication with the children .
,children will probe new things .
Then parents can help this .
of children , and it can affect children future work efficiently .
especially , they are young .
And maybe the children will become a competent director .
to tell .
In a word , parents shonld spend more time on their chileren .
In modern society,it is extremely common for us to discover that wasting exists in everywhere and our natural resources in our earth are limited and gradually reduce day by day.So,as a college student ,It's extremely urgent for us to save our rare energy and create a conservation-oriented campus.
There are great many reasons for us to save our energy.First of all,campus is the most important place in which we conduct our daily activities,so it must along with a lot of wastes.As a result,we can contribute a lot for saving our precious resources.Put another way,it is our duty.
Accordingly,we can also take a large number of measures in this program.For instance,we shoulden't leave the tap running after using and turn off the lights when we leaving.Moreover,the road light in campus should turn off partly in the night.Logically,in the restaurant,foods should be ordered properly and we should eat it up at the same time.
In my eyes,it is convenient and easy for us to save our precious resources,and I cherish a belief that if every one of us can do from little thing everyday and under our constant insistence,our energy will definitely be saving to a large degree.As a result,our campus will be more environmental and bright.
During the May Day holiday .I went to Beijing by bus with my parents .In the morning ,we went to the Palace Museum .
It was wonderful.Then we went to the Great wall .There were many people there and we saw some foreigners .
The Great Wall is very long and old .
We felt very tired .
In the end,we climbed up the Great Wall .
At noon ,we felt very hungry .
With the accelerating of technology, the environmental issue becomes increasing serious, especially the air pollution that causes haze and global warming.
How to control it and makes our life more neat is a theme of massive people.
As far as I knew, the gas emissions contribute much to the air pollution.
Therefore, we require to reduce gas emissions.
Broadly speaking, we generate the gas emissions every day, which lead to the air pollution.
In order to evolve the industry, there grow up lots of factories which produce a mass of emissions that aren't treated.
The emissions enter into the air and pollute the air, resulting in air pollution ultimately.
To avoid that, we need to deal with the gas before it enters into the air so that reducing gas emissions.
Apparently, the car also produces a lot of gas emissions.
We need to take mobile vehicles more less.
As all being said, air pollution takes great influence on our daily life.
We need to deal with it to make our life healthier.
The best way to control it is reducing gas emissions, in that the gas emissions are the immediate cause of air pollution.
Try your best to take some actions to protect the only planet we live in.
I want to grow up as soon as possible.
When I grow up, I can do many things that I can't now.
However, at the same time, I am afraid.
I don't know what my future life would be.
Look around myself, some people are busy working for having enough food to eat and live better; some are achieving every goal that they make; some may live in the poor situation.
I don't know what kind of life I would have in the future.
But I know that everyone's life is in their hands.
So I will try my best to work hard for a better future life.
Nowadays the prices of buying houses are higher and higher.
It is very difficult for people to buy apartments especially for the young men by themselves.
So on the one hand, some people maintain that we should buy house, on the other hand those think that we should rent one instead of buying one.
Personally, I agree with the latter view for the following reasons.
First, if we spend most of our incomes on buying house, the life quality would decline and even the child could not receive better education.
Second, if most people want to buy house instead of renting one, the prices would become much higher and people would undertake great economic burden.
for the working families.
Finally, once we intend to buy house, we must work hard for a long time even though we are not willing to do so.
The results are that we have enough time and money to realize our ideals.
Though people can benefit from buying house, I firmly believe that renting one is helpful for the working families and yang people.
My father has been on January 7th,1968.He is honest,sincere friendly,confident,kind-hearted and generous etc.He has a very good impression on other persons.
My father is kind-hearted and generous.He always likes to help poor people.He always shows up when people confront with troubles.He plays an "I am your servant" role.It's his principle.I learn lots of knowledge.
My father is good at sports.He likes to participate in various of activities.When I was in primary school,he took part in a basketball contest and played an essential role in the activity,as a group leader.It's very good to coordinate their steps.With their cooperation,they win first prize.It's a matter of pride for me.
However,he has a bad habit---drinking.Last year,just the Spring Festival,he had already drunk,but insisted on drinking.My mother is afraid that his stomach is bad and very annoyed at his drinking.It's always make me frustrated.I hope that my father can correct the bad habit.
Although my father has some bad habits,I still love him.I hope that he is health forever.
My name is Q and my English name is Mandy,I come from Z,which is a beautiful city.There are many scenic spots.Except,in my family,I have one sister and one brother,my parents love me extremely,my parents never account me when my sister or my brother and me had a conflict.
So in my childhood, I'm very lucky and happy.
When I am a child,I like reading very much,especially the detective novel and English.Therefore,I like English class and English teacher.What's more,in my free time,I frequently go to library to read books.
I have many hobbies,such as playing ping-pong,skating,climbing and so on.My idol is Liu Wei whom is a disabled pianist,his motto is"my life is only two ways,either to die,or to live brilliantly".
In my future,I want to be a lawyer,because it is my dream,though it is not my profession.On the other side,I dream about being a businesswoman.Only by study hard,can I achieve my dream.However,my real dream is that I will make my parents live comfortably and happily.
At last,I do not intend to be looking down by others,so I hope I can make greater program in my university.
I do believe the motto ,"Where there is a will,there is a way".As the saying goes,"self-confidence is the first step to success",thus I do believe in myself and I think I can do what I want to do.
The population of the city is becoming larger and larger.Some people have moved to the countryside and some are intent on marching to the countryside.I believe that everyone has his own ideas about this phenomenon.
There is no doubt that rural areas have some advantages.First,the air is clear.Second,The temperature is lower than the city's in summer.What's more, living in the village can bring you a comfortable and quiet life.You can really relax yourself when you're in the village.
On the contrary,living in the city is also a good choice.You can use modern facilities in the city,which make you life easy.The transportation of the city is extremely convenient ,I can go anywhere I intend to in a short time.
In my opinion,I prefer living in the city.As far as I am concerned, I can have fun in gyms,cinemas,parks,KTVs and malls,all of these are in the city.Above all,my relationship is built in the city,my friends and families are in the city,I can meet them anytime.I prefer urban life now ,but it is possible that someday I would like to live in the countryside,it depends.
We are glad to inform you that our goods which under our sales confirmation No.
J - 29 have been loaded on the ship "PEARL", and will Transshipment in Hong Kong "May flower ".This is about c&f according to clinch a deal.
On March 15, in 2013, we have sent to you by fax, so that your can insurance in a timely manner.
Experts advocate real-name on network.
They claims the whole sociaty can benefit from a real-name system.
But I believe that what they really fear is to hear the truth.
They can control netizens in a legal way.
What does Mr.
Girls will give you the answer that Mr.
Right is a perfect man whom they project to marry.
To be regarded as Mr.
Right, the man must fit at least three points: tall and handsome, wealthy and powerful, and considerate.
On one hand, the tall and handsome semblance is the stepping stone of being Mr.
Right.
Nowadays more and more girls become members of Appearance Association.
When they seek for a boyfriend, being tall or not has a big influence on the boys' first impression on them.
Usually, the taller the boys are, the more chances they have.
Of course, if the boys are tall and handsome, I could congratulate them ahead for their entering into the girls' eyes.
In turn, the girls may go back as soon as they see you for your homely appearance.
On the other hand, being considerate to the girls is the necessary element of being Mr.
Right.
As everyone knows, girls are all inclined to be treated gently and always imagine that there is a man who can think what they think and do what they want.
Thus, a considerate man must have attraction to girls and develop into a standard of being boyfriend or husband.
In addition, being wealthy and powerful is the most important factor of being Mr.
Right.
As Chinese old sayings declare, "money is almighty", "money could push ghosts to work".
So if you don't meet this condition, all your other qualifications were in vain.
Money and power is the strong tool of fulfilling girls' other dreams.
In a word, being Mr.
Right must be wealthy and powerful, handsome and tall, and considerate.
Nowadays, with the science and economy developing, society need more and more highly-competent people, of course, the practice experience also be taken into account.
However, many college students lake of social practice.
Therefore, college students should take part in social practice.
College should encourage and organize students to take part in social practice.
There is no doubt that college students participate in social practice is beneficial for them.
Firstly, social practice can offer students a chance to contact society and meet different kinds of people.
In this way, they can gain valuable social experience, which will be useful.
Secondly, students can apply what they have learned in class to their social practice.
Thus, they can combine theory with practice to learn more.
Thirdly, social practice can gain reward, and make them more independent.
Above all, I think, it is obvious that social practice is playing a more and more important role, college students can be benefited on social practice, I approve it, but, college students should balance their study and practice, don't just in order to earn money.
As a result of the accelerated urbanization, a large number of streets were built.
On the meanwhile, more and more highways were built to satisfy people's demand for higher speed and shorter distance between cities.
However, the slaughter on streets and highways is more universal than before.
First of all, The one reason is that mechanical failures, including faulty brakes and bald tyres.
The other reason is about environmental conditions.
When a car drives on a blind corner, without traffic lights, or on the narrow street, the traffic accident will be likely to happen.
Moreover, If meet the bad weather , like the heavy fog and intermittent rain or snow.
It will be more difficult to drive.
Another important reason is that errors of human judgement.
Excessive speed and drunken driving are the common factors.
There are also a lot of people injuried, even killed in traffic accidents because of momentary lapses.
It's obvious that the slaughter on streets and highways will remain a serious problem.
For a long time,examinations is regraded as the best way to measure one's knowledge and capability.But more and more disadvantages is found and people started to hesitate its reliability and feasibility.
Nowadays,there are a lot of formal examinations,just like NMET,CET4,CET6,etc.But it's really that high marks equal to capability?I don't think so.
In quest for a higher marks,crame teaching is used to students.There is no sense to do this.Many students passed CET4,but they still can't communicate with foreigners.The aim of education is not a high marks but to teach the students how apply the knowledge to life and think independently.From this view,there are mang disadvantages of formal examinations should be improved.
University life let people is a lot of fun.
Let me one step closer to the society and can learn a lot of knowledge, the university is life must go through, the police college life more different, for their quality is very high, unconsciously my university life has in the past one third of the, University are very familiar with the term, a word from the college students is very popular, but very important significance, in University in order to experience.
I like it very much my college life.University for three years, can let a person get the results that expect is less than, can make a lot of friends, is of great help to future life path, after entering the society also need a university diploma.
It can't be denied that folks' communication has evolved from face to face ones to the ones online with social networking booming.
In the wake of this change is the controversy whether this tendency is conducive to us.
Some folks harbor the idea that we can't attach great importance to the social networking services too much, which provide us with platforms to exchange our ideas with less limit on time and occasions.
In other words, they are convinced that it is the social networking services that enhance the convenience and restrain us from wasting time and money for traffic.
However, others adopt to the completely opposite standpoint, thinking it gross to depend on the network excessively.
For one thing, folks virtually can't resist the temptation of computer games, thus spending even much less time talking with their families or friends.
For another, if we communicate face to face, we would convey our thoughts thoroughly and tackle problems more easily.
From my perspective, I'm inclined to chat right by my friends.
Uppermost, I consider this mean of communication irreplaceable on account that only when we talk in front of each other, can we be understanding ulteriorly.
For instance, if I talked with my beloved, I could truly feel her dreamy eyes and her whispers of love could hit me like a ray of sun, which would be discounted through the screen.
Consequently, I advocate sparing more time for communicating in the flesh.
Some people are tolerant or even supportive of campus love.
Many students pay more attentions to falling in love.
Then their studies are becoming worse and worse.This phenomenon brings negative impact.
So there are some solutions to the problem.
First, let students learn the importance of study.Second,tell students about negative impact on compus love.Third,To divert attention and university students active in the campus activity.In these solutions ,I think the problem can be solved well.
I heard about your help when i was surfing the internet.i am glad to help you.
Because i want to make friend with you.
frirstly ,you should talk to chinese as much as possible .You should express your feeling .I think they also want to help you .
Then ,In your school you can ask your teacher for help .
you can try your best to get alon with your classmates.
At last, I Will chat with you in chinese to help you pritace it .
Nowdays,problem of piracy become more and more serious.especially in China.
This phenomenon will be cause a very serious consequence.
First,you can see that everyone buy the private things,so that the creater can not get the equal income,for a long time ,they must lost their interest in craeting other productions.Therefore the people would not enjoy the new things ,the technology can not develop and the society can not be progress at last.You can image that today if we use the Iphone 1 ,drived the car that used 4 hours from the X to Y.How we can stand this life.
So,i think we should protect the intellectual property.As a student we can not prevent those who make the piracy,but we can do as an example .We never use the pirate products,never buy the piracy,when our friends ,our calssmates or our relative use the piracy ,we stop them and ask they to do this with us.Although it looks impossible that everyone we asked would help us to prevent others,but when we ask more people,the small part of it will be a strong power.Then i think our country should perfect the relevant laws to protect the creator's right.The law must be severe on piracy.Only remove the market that can stop the piracy from the source.
I am Wangtao who is a senior student.I desire to give a faithful account to state my opinions about the point at issue whether we should own the smart phone.
On the one hand,it is a fact that the smart phone has its merits.To name only a few,it is universally acknowledged that it's convenient for us to keep in contact with our parents.What's more,it is natural that it can also increase our joys that belong to our lives.
On the other hand,on the contrary,nevertheless everything has the two parts,positive and reverse.So we should recognize that what is baneful when we use the phone.The first all,there are no doubt that it will influence our academic record.After all,the wrong behaviours that should be controlled by parents will spread between the teenagers.At the same time,it is natural that wasting the substance and spirit to chat or sends the messages.In addition,playing games with the cheating and the other questions together will be also into the sights we have.
Third,how can we have the attitude towards the phone?In contrast,I strongly support "Three beliefs".Only in this way can you solve the problem.In particular,above all else is that youths are no longer in use that belongs to the phone during the studying.Time is gone, which we spent in using the smart phone.By the way,don't use it to play games that will be replaced by reading or learning.Of course,don't cheat too.The phones so valuable that we should take good care of their safeties,the last proposal.
In a word,please control yourself and pour attention into yourself.Put it another way,you'd better unfold its outstanding effects before human's eyes with your best and avoid the weakness.
Hollo,everybody.Today I will introduce my hometown to you.
Myhometown is Qingdao.Qindgao is a very beautiful city in China.Qingdao is near the sea.And I always play in the sea.There is the subway in Qingdao.Qingdao give me a warm feeling.Qingdao is one of the most living cities I have ever seen.A lot of people from other cities say Qingdao is very beautiful.A I agree with them.In my impression of Qingdao environmental is more protection than before.So I wish Qingdao will be more beautiful.
This is my hometown.What about you?I want to listen to you.
It is known to us that tourism is a tertiary industry now, the development of the Tourism boost local economic growth .
it attracts many foreigners to visit , They are deeply impressed by the lasted development of our country .It is clear that Tourism contributes a great deal to the friendship and mutual understanding between the chinese people and people all over the world.
Everthing, however, has two sides, Tourism gives rise to a number of problems ,for instance, It becomes a burden to our ineffecient transportation system ,besides, with the vistors growing,the historical relics are destoried by people ,making it become worse and worse.there are still a lot of obstacls hindering the expansion of tourism in our country.
As for me ,with the development of our national economy , all these problems will certainly be solved step by step , A much better and brighter future awaits us.
It is well-recognized that technological and scientific advances have made changes to our life.
Some people suppose it makes life more convenient while some others hold the opposite view.
Although it is true that the former life is simpler, I prefer modern life now.
The development of technology has changed the way people interact with each other.
For instance, in the past, people held in touch with each other by writing letters or sending telegrams.
However, it always takes people several days to get the information.
In addition, people only had to ride a horse if they intended to visit their relatives or friends.
Now, we use so many high-tech communication tools, such as mobile-phones and computers.
We can not only easily communicate with whomever we want but also save our time.
Moreover, it doesn't take us much time to have a journey because we have car, train and plane.
Everything has two sides.
Of course, there are both advantages and disadvantages in advanced technology and science.
One of the disadvantages is that the pace of our life has been accelerated.
For some people, they used to live a quiet and simple life.
I guess they prefer the former life may attribute to their lacking the ability of adaption.
Furthermore, high-tech contributes to more and more pollution.
At the same time, we should realize that there are some things worth having while they come at a price.
To my point of view, I would rather live in a more convenient life than a simpler one.
My life in the future will be colorful.
Iam going to be a better dancer after I grate from the university, I believe.
I will bring beautiful dance with everyone.
I wish everyone to smile.
IN my spare time, I will stay with my family.
We will travel a lot and do lots of sports I will also read as book as I will want to improve myself so I will never give up studying.
I am sure my dream will come true because of my hard work and life in the future will get better and better.
Beveridge said: "clever qualification, intrinsic motivation, hard-working attitude and the indomitable spirit, these are scientific research needs for success of other conditions.
The strong will is a crucial guarantee of success .
Yes, there is only spirit, imagine the vastness of the soul, hard work, in the active is the only genius.
Human's ability is not inborn.In the world does not have not to pass diligently, is child prodigy's person.Such person does not exist.Even if is illustrious big scientist Marx and Engels, they are not the child prodigy.
Formation of a genius when determining factor should be diligent ...... a little studious gifted will be able to play a little, and aptitudes in full play and individual studious is directly proportional.
Recently, Following the great change of social , more and more students become do not pay attention to spelling.
Following the social developing ,many foreign companies going into our country .
People more like to foreign to live or work and study .
Due to the great pressure which in the study.They do not have enough time to study.So students become look for the shortcut to study.For example ,students think in order to work in foreign only be good at speaking .As far as I am concerned it is no problem if they can communicate with foreigners .In addition,as the life become better and better,it let the students become lazy.Students do not want to use their body ,especially their hands.They consider it is too troublesome to write.Again,many schools also does not pay attention to cultivate students's spelling ability.Many reasons lead to appear this phenomenon.
In order to solve this problem,I think,we should change the wrong thinking .At the same time,teachers should help students pay attention to spelling .For example ,let them write composition or diary.Make them know that spelling is very important.
I believe that as long as all of us make great efforts, this phenomenon will change in the near future.
I'm very glad to talk with you.I know the problem about you and I can give you some advise.
the new words.the third is speak the new words as much as possible.If you use the new words a lot of times and you well never forget it.
these is all the suggests for you.I hope I can help you a lot.
As a proverb saying goes that knowledge is power, which clearly illustrates the importance of knowledge.
Recently, the issue of should the government establish free libraries in each town has been brought into public focus, but as for me, I think the government should establish free libraries in each town.
Several factors contribute to my standpoint.
First of all, it is good for children that government establish free libraries in town, because in this way children can broaden their eyes by reading all kinds of book in the libraries.
And even some poor children who can not pay for the book, they can also study in the libraries.
A further solid argument for this conclusion must be that people can spend their leisure time at the libraries, and it can provide a very quiet place for those people who want study, and in this way, the quality of the local people can be enhanced.
As mentioned above, as far as I am concerned it is never too late to study, so I could not more agree with that government should establish free libraries in each town.
As the saying goes,"A year's plan starts with spring.
".Although spring is beautiful;summer is hot;autumn likes a beautiful painting,but winter is what my favorite season,which brings me more inspiration.Dear,and you?
Sometimes I imagine that winter is coming,and autumn left.The cold wind blows,while our hearts feel good.I enjoy it as much as i like,then open my arms,take a breathe deeply.At that time,i feel everything is wonderful.When the white snow falls softly,which becomes the symbol of purity things, then we can play a snowball fight,so we do feel happy.
What impresses me deeply is the beautiful views.The branch is covered by much ice,which seems to be an ice carving,and our school likes a painting filled with many views.
It brings us the happiness,and it also lets us play many games.
People take different views on this question,sixty percent of them are in favor of the idea that parks shouldn't charge entrance fee.Because parks are pubulic places for people to have a walk and relax themseves .What's more,if parks begin to charge entrance fee,there will be more gates and walls in our city .And as a result,our city will be less beautiful than before and less people will go to parks.
People who are against it think that if paks begin to charge entrance fee,they can pay for the salar of gardeners and buy more new plants.They think the fee is necessary but the price should be modest.
In a word,they have not arrived at any agreement yet.If you want to share your ideas,you can joy our discussion.
I have a lot of hobbles , I like playing basketell and playing competer game.
on the weekend,I get up and then eat some eggs and dirnk milk.after eating I do the dishes.I do my homework for a long time.I sweep the floor in my free time,and get one's bad in morning.I have my mornth watch TV.I plan study playing paion in last year.and plan study doing homeuse in free time.
Because of the rapid growth and various advantages of online education, many people have begun to dream of the dominance of online learning.
However, while it is convenient and easy to take online lessons, I am still positive that the classroom teaching will never fade out.
Firstly, the creators of any education program and software need to be teachers or workers in the education system, or programmers who had previously worked in education.
Therefore, although students may learn knowledge by computer, the skills and ideas ultimately emanate from the teaching staff.
Secondly, the teacher is able to undertake the task that students have various comprehension of the correct answer and explanation, as he or she possesses expertise in teaching.
For example, when a teacher discovers that many students cannot understand professional knowledge, he or she may offer explanatory examples.
The computer, however, may only analyze a question in terms of a simple right or wrong response.
In summary, the computer may not play a major role in education in comparison to the benefits of a teacher bestows.
However, it is critical that teachers improve their old teaching methods by using computers at some level of educational teaching.
This summer, I started my first intership in my life.
In this three weeks intership life, I had tested the knowledge and skills that I have learned in a year through my own personal experience.
At the beginning of the adaptation phase, I had a good command of both the subjective and the objective of the work.
I did my job well.
On each day of the work record, work items, work dynamically ,I could organized them together, forming a work diary, in order to prepare for future reference.
Therefore, I could combine the knowledge that I learned with my daily work.
What's more, every day, I got up so early that I had enough time to build up my body.
Besides, I followed those who are more qualified than I am, like them, and learned a lot of things that are not in the books.
Gradually, I am with others, they told me a lot about my job, which is a great help to me.
Making me have a strong ability to work, a certain organizational skills and the ability to communicate with others.
To my sad, three weeks intership is over.
However, in this days, I don't have an unwarranted emptiness, but in real life.
Through this unforgettable life, not only can I enrich my knowledge and broden my horrizons, but also I know my duty.
It makes me realize What I should do.
I will remember this experience in the bottom of my heart in my future.I am very greatful for this intership.
It cannot burdened that a person's honesty is the most important aspect of this life.Honesty is like the wind,I can't see it,but I can feel it.Honesty is a sincere heart.
There are many dishonest phenomena in current society.For example,lie steal cheat corruption and so on.Vanity is the main cause of dishonest people's greed and the social bad phenomenon.Although many people believe that make an honest man will scff,I doubt whether the argument bears much analysis,what these people fail to consider is that honest people is the biggest winner.Let's look at this definition in more detail because it is honesty more than anuthing else,that distinguisnes man from the rest of the animal word.
I think honesty is the best policy,as an honest people should have two things lips that won't lie and love that won't die.If language is a mean of communication that honest is the exchange of capital.
Now many students in a number of different views on the promble, but it can not be a friendly solution, and finally fights can occur, so I think in the schools,the students if have different contradiction between, and students should be good communication,not the use of force to solve the problem.as long as we can properly communicate, to as much as possible to avoid the occurrence of such things.
So long as we try to make our schools can become better.
For a long time,reading is very important.
There are two views about reading.
Some think if we read a good book, we'll cultivate our taste.
Enjoying reading, because it brings us a wealth of knowledge and light the spark of thought.
Little by little, reading opens our eyes and stimulates the infinite possibility.
However, others think practice is the best way to learn.
Using our senses, exploring our development of people, things, places and events.
In my point of view, reading is more important than practice.
Let oneself live better by predecessors' experience.
Although reading can't change destiny, can change the character.
Although reading can't change the starting point of life, can change the ending point of life.
Reading can make us become more rational, let's have charm more.
In conclusion, reading is the part of our life, it's more important.
If you want to become perfect, and began to read.
My favorite sport is playing football because I think it is very interesting and exciting .
I play football every Friday and it makes me fit and feeling good .
I also make a lot of friends when I play football .
It is simply a good way to relax myself so I like it very much .
I also have some heroes such as Kaka David .
I think extraterrestrials are exist in the world.However,they may disguise humans or animals.We can't find their localities.
We shouldn't only regard them as evils or what will do harm to humans.They may give something helpful to us.They maybe approachable and kind.
The living environment of extraterrestrials is different from humans so we can't judge how they live and what they rely on.
It's possible that they have landed on the Earth.
But we can't find or contact with them by nowaday technology.It's the biggest barrier to us.
On balance, we have only known a little about extraterrestrials.All that we talk about them are just what we guess and imagine.
We must make the best of science and technology and improve our levels of them.
Credit card is a common occurrence in our lives today .To used credit card has attitudes toward this issue vary from person to person.
not need bring much money in your pocket.
However,credit card has some disadvantage .others argue that it is uniconvenient if you lost your credit card ,you must registration it go to bank ,what is more ,A lot of people standing in line when you go to bank ,let you are anxioused about it.
In my opinion I think credit card can let people enjoy the fun and convenient of it without the concern of being cheated .
Lots of students as well as me take part in them.But some students say that we should not take part in them because it is a waste of time.But I do not think so.For instance,I take part in after-school exercise.I used to be very weak and unfit.Since I take part in it I have been more and more healthy.I have got strength and power via the activities.Thanks to it, I am not afraid of running any more.As you can see,after-school activities offer us a chance to improve ourselves.Through them,we are able to change ourselves into a new person who is far better than we used to be.
But on the other hand,we should choose activities which are really good for us.First of all,we should know what we exactly want and avoid spending too much time on useless things.Secondly,we are supposed to share our ideas with others.
I wish everyone to not only enjoy theirselves but also get knowledge.
Though today is not Thanksgiving Day, I still want to tell them I love them and thanks them for what they are done for me.
They give me life and teach me how to be a good person.
They comfort me when I am sad and cheer me when I lost my hope.
They give me advices to show a good way to success.
I know you spend lots of time and money on me.
I am deeply touched.
Sometimes I argue with them and make them angry and sad, but they always smile to me.
When something worries me, they always make me laugh.
They love me more than anything else in the world.
Believe me, I will try my best to be a successful person and let them be proud of me in the future.
With the rapid development of economy, great changes have taken place in life style.Forty years ago, people wrote a letter with family.
Thirty years ago, people using BB machine call family.
Twenty years ago, one village only a telephone.
Some villages Some villages even don't have telephone.
In the past, people kept in touch with each other mainly by writing letters or using the public telephone.But now almost everyone has his own mobile phone .
As everyone knows,,"Necessity is the mother of invention".Now everyone has their own phone,they can access the Internet using WiFi.And then use the network communication tools.
For example,QQ wechat and twitter.
Today is the era of network communications.With these changes, people's pace of life has been quickened and people's work has been made more efficient.
It used to take several days to hear from each other, but now it takes only several minutes, even if they are in two different continents.I tink that's a wonderful thing.
As far as wechat ,publish dynamic, let your friends and family know what you're doing.At the same time,you can also know what your friends are doing.
According to a recent survey,Wechat has six hundred million users in the world.A lot of people make money using Wechat,you press your fingers,someone will put meals delivered to your home.You can also buy clothes in Wechat.
Now we are entering a new era, full of opportunities and challenges.
Now,seeking romance is become more and more popular with us students.When we capture it,most students don't know what to do but to continute chasing it.
On the one hand ,the critic hold the views that as soon as students lost themself in the romance,so they pay less attention on their study day after day,which will lead to failed in exams .The romance can have a bad influence on their future.Not only this,if the romance become show a lack of continuity in its appeal,but one people love another people too much,both of them will suffer from harm.It is likely that people want to kill himself or herself because of romance.
On the other hand,there are some people tihnk the romance can inspire two students to work hard,and two people can talk with each other mind to mind,they will have a good time on Campus.After they graduated,two people can buy cars,apartments bu their hands,They share their joys and sorrow.
In my opinion,our teenagers can'tcontrol ourselves enough,so we should learn to deal with the relationship between romance and study.Not only can we have a good study,but aslo will we have chance seeking romance.
We chat with each other every day.
In school, we listen to teachers.
In the home, we listen to parents.
We should try to learn to listen to each other.
In class, we may sometimes talk to our classmates when the teacher is having a class.
It shows no respect for teachers.
Being a good listener can make us known better and help us build good relationships.
