Life in the university is greatly different from ourselves in the Middle school no matter in living or studying.
First,on the living, it's more leisure and freedom in the college, which is not like tight and stressful in the Middle school at all.
Second, on the studying in college ,there is no long forced to learn by teacher, no longer so many lectures to have to learn.
Moreover, there is no certain classroom for you to learn, you may have different classes in different classroom, and which all far from your dormitory.
You are learning by self-conscious and also can chose you favorite lectures.
Last but not least, there are various activities in school for you there participate.
Anyway, As long as you make good use of your time and be studious to do some wonderful things.I believe your college life will be colourful.
Also you can try to get a part time job to enrich your experience.
May you enjoy your college life.
The western wedding is very romantic in a church.
First of all ,the bridegroom is waiting for the bride in a church.
Secondly,the bride and her father go to the church, and her father hands the bride in bridegroom.By and by, the bride and the bridegroom announce wedding vows and exchange rings, god and everyone stare at them at that moment.In addition, they will kiss each other, a only love kiss.In short,the wedding is ending and everyone wish happiness to them and god blesses them.
as far as I'm concerned, the western wedding is very romantic and perfect.
University's first winter was coming,and my favorite season is winter.I'm looking forward to the winter here,because it will snowing here in winter.
Before the winter is autumn,the fall is a cool season.In winter,the days are exceedingly short.When it comes,the leaves fall from the trees.When it snows,the foundation is white with snow.We can wear warm clothing and go to make snowmen.If we like skating it is a good season.I like winter best.
Nevertheless in my hometown,little time it snows, so I'm looking forward to the winter here.
In the winter,when we looked around, it is each packet streets solidly plastered over people,plants and trees are covered with white snow.The people before winter with the arrival of the different mood to greet it,and the winter is coming quickly.
Walking to school is better than taking the bus.
One reason is that walking to my school is often faster than taking the bus .
Because the city have heavy traffic.
Taking the bus moves slowly.In addition,walking is move comfortable than taking the bus.Because taking the bus have many people.
And taking to school is less comfortable.
It is celwdly .If meet heavy traffic, I can not get to school on time.
Finally, walking to school is healtheir than taking the bus.And my school is my house near.So I like working to school.
If rainy days,I can take my umbrella.
Hello, Mr sun.
My name is Y. I am one of the students in class.
I come from Z. I have not a high figure, but I am confident enough, because I know that confidence is the first step to success.
I am interested in all kinds of books.
I often walking with my friends in our free time.
I am fed up with selfish people.
I think we should kind and generous to others.
In my daily life, I often listens to others rather than speak with others, so I prefer to be a listener rather than a speaker.
I grow up with my grandparents, and they teached me a lot, so I love them very much.
I think English is a beautiful language, and I am very interested in English, so I choose to major in English at university.
I know I am not the best one, but I will study English hard.
I believe I can speak a fluent English when I graduate from university.
I believed that everyone has heard of an advertisement like this''No business,No killing''.In the world,animals are the most essential friend to us.In recent years,an increase number of people began to kill the endangered animals to get money.
In my opinion,animals are the best friend of human.They are not only lovely and cute but also can keep the balance of the nature.At some critical juncture moments,they could even save us.So we should try our best to protect them.
A Chinese medicine professional denied claims that the practice of extracting bear bile is cruel and promised to give media a chance to visit the country's bear farms.But as far as I am concerned,it is a really crucial behavior.The bear also has feelings.It would feel painful.It is claiming that a measure of success in its decade-long quest to ban the practice in China.There are also thousands of sharks are hunted in Asia for special foods,such as fin soup.This behavior should be stop as soon as possible.If people continue to do so,the endangered animals will disappear someday in the future.
However,it is believed that awareness of protecting animals has been on the rise in recent years.As we ll know''Animal protection is the protection of our own''.If everyone does a little contribution to the animal protecting,our world will become more balanced.So,let start from now to protect animals.Remember the saying ''No business,No killing''and our world will be more beautiful.
For this question, everyone has different answer.
According to a survey.
Some people are willing to choose a high salary job.
Because they think today is a rapidly developing society, people aspire to material life.
A lot of money can prove their status and provide wealthy life.
Nonetheless, others want to have a promising job.
They use a vision of development, so that they can get more feedback in the future.
As for me, in my eyes, I am for the second one, choosing a promising job.
Nowadays, we live in a flourishing country, generally speaking, everyone can mainly afford themselves.
Besides, we get many benefits from country and more people have chance to land the job.
More important, the developing tendancy is positive and it contains the huge proficiency.
Get a promising job, currently it cannot bring you a lot of wealth, however, it lets you a promising vision to experience spiritual world.
As just said, people are pursuit of the material life to become interests.
So we should promote the pursuit of spirit, let people back to more nature and common.
As for this, it makes you experience the process instead of result, as well as improve yourself and gain the larger development space and prospect.
I'm very happy to stand here to share my experience with you of the CET4.
As we all know that it is the first big exam for us of the college, so there is lots of seriously of us.
At that time I also feel it is so difficult for me.
So it is a very hard stage for me.
In short, CET4 is not really hard as we think, so if you put your heart on it, it must be an easy thing for you.
Relax yourself when you join it, it can take luck for you.
That all, thanks for your listening.
Jiaozi, or dumplings is very popular during the Spring Festival and other festivals.
It tops the list the delicacies of people in the north China, where people eat dumplings at midnight on New Year's Eve and for breakfast on New Year's Day.
As a traditional convention, it is quite essential for Chinese female sex to master the skills of how to make dumplings.
As for me, through my mother teaching by personal example and verbal instruction, I have learned the main process: preparing the materials-stuffing and dough, wrapping the dumplings and boiling the dumplings.
To make dumplings, first of all, we should prepare the materials-stuffing and dough.
Due to various cultures, the meat is requisite.
And we should chop the meat into pieces and mash them.
Next, it's time to add salt, sesame oil, soy sauce, scallions, leek, and ginger so on.
Mix thoroughly the ingredients and meat by using chopsticks stirring.
Then the stuffing is ok. Making dough also needs skills.
In a big bowl, you should put proper flour and add water gradually.
The caution is that you shouldn't put too much at a time.
Mix and knead by hand to soft dough, but not too soft in case of the dumplings breaking when being boiled.
Cover it with towel and put aside for about one hour.
The second step is to wrap the dumplings.
Scatter some dry flour on the board, and then put the dough on it.
You should knead and roll it into a stick-like dough.
Next, chop it into small pieces and press each other with your hand and get a round shape dough.
Finally, you should hold the pancake with your palm and put the stuffing in the center.
Wrap it into half-moon shape, bird shape and so on.
Remember to seal the edges tightly.
The last step is to boil the dumplings.
Whenever this time is coming, the delicious smell from kitchen made my mouth water.
As the water is boiling, you should put the dumplings into water.
Every several minutes, stir the dumplings slowing with the opposite of a big spoon.
After more than ten minutes, you could check if it is well cooked by pressing one dumpling to see whether it is soft.
Before eating, you need to prepare some small dishes to contain the mixture of vinegar, garlic juice and pepper oil.
Now days, frozen dumplings is taking up the fast food market.
More and more people lose the chance to enjoy the process of making dumplings with their family.
As time advances, the dumplings have been continuously updated, not only in the processing skills, but also varieties, tastes and appearances.
In the future, if possible, I'd like to learn more kinds of ways to make dumplings.
It has been a long time since we saw each other last time.
I can't help missing you.
You asked me about Chinese Spring Festival.
Now I would like to tell you something about it.
As we all know,the Spring Festival is one of the most enjoyable Chinese traditional festivals in our lives.
A few days before the festival, houses are cleaned .As well red couplets are put up on the doors of every house.
It is said that they can frighten away the ghosts.
On that day, people are often dressed up with new clothes.
Firecrackers are rung out ,adding to the happy atmosphere of the festival.
Dinners are prepared in celebration of that day with relatives.
We have jiaozi and watch the TV show.
Customs may be differ from place to place, but you can feel the same happiness everywhere.
Good morning, teachers and students.
I'm glad to make a speech here.
The basic of a good communication is being a good listener.
Being a good listener shows respect to others and makes a better relationship.
First,Parents need to listen to their children's thoughts to understand them better.
Students need to listen to teachers study more.
Teachers listen to students meeting their needs.
Students listen to each other in order to help others study better.
Second,from my point of view, the point of being a successful listener is just being quiet.
Look into other eyes carefully and try to keep a smile at your face.
Concentrate on their topics.
As far as I concerned, being quiet not just means saying nothing.
Try to say something when your friends need your help.
Give some suggestions which are helpful and meaningful.
Make your friends know that you're listening and he is not alone.
Thank you very much.
Now people are beginning to realize that reading is a critical part of learning and growing while other persons hold the idea that the best method to learn is practicing .I consider what they said to be reasonable.
As for me,reading plays a significant role to one's growing.The reasons are as follows.
First of all,the old saying＂To open a book is always helpful＂clearly tells us how good it is to read a book.Finding the right book at the right time can ignite an emotional spark with us that motivates us to read more,understand more,and read joyfully.Secondly,reading can cultivate our taste.I am sure that reading some elegant sentences or the beautiful things described in the book will make us feel relaxing and comfortable.Thirdly, reading can broaden our horizons.
The main way we learn the things that happened a long time ago is in accordance with the book.
People will try their best to write the things in their stage in their way.
When we read books, we have the opportunity to learn everything.
The content in the books contains the knowledge all over the world and every aspect.
We can read the knowledge about biography, science, technology, culture, economic and so on from the book.
Last but not least,reading can tell the good from the bad which would help us be person with high morality.
All this means that reading does contribute to our university lives.Therefore to read more books is the best policy for ourselves even for lifelong learning.
Now that we have fully know the importance of reading,we ought to hake full advantage of time reading.
When we were in high school ,our teachers always told us that you can enjoy wonderful life as long as you are admitted to a university successfully.
At that time,I used to look forward to my college life.
In contrast with my busy and tired life,the college likes the "heaven"to me.
Now time flies,I have spent two years in my college.To be honest,I have realized that there is a big gap between the ideal and the reality.For instance,the apartment is not as good as I thought,and there is no water heater and air condition.Of course,I know different college has different housing conditions,it depends on my grades and personal choice.Nevertheless, I had to admit that I felt a little disappointed.In addition, we are not complete free like what others said.Teachers will subtract our normal grades if we don't show up on time for class.In that case,we may fail to pass the final exam.From my perspective, in the college,teachers should permit students not to have classes according to school timetable.
Oppositely,they allow us to choose classes, in which we are interested.We can arrange our study life by ourselves.Last but not at least,the college life is not carefree.After I came to my college,I am aware of my duty.Students are engaged in obtaining certificates and accumulating knowledge,which makes a big difference to our job hunting in the future.Confronted with the employment pressure,we always feel perplexed and worried.
As a junior,I have adapted into my college life and accepted these gaps.The college also has rules in need of management.It is impossible for us to do whatever we want.Obviously,not anyone has self-consciousness.As we know,when you can't change the environment,just change yourself.Eventhough my real college life is different with my dreamed college life,these differences lead to change,and changes bring us progress.
As far as I am concerned , There are several reasons that cause the opinion .
On the one hand , all the world knows , the Chinese university ,students more and consumption is big ,waste Is serious .
Future saving .
Last but not the least , source is limit ,if we waste it.
We will lose it forever.
In order to creating a conservation-oriented campus , we should have a sense of saving ,from the said small things start Such as Save water, on time to turn off the lights,Have saving consciousness.For the society ,the government should make relevant laws do guarantee.Such as Save water, on time to turn off the lights,Have saving consciousness.
We are happy to inform you that our No.1-29 sales confirmation for the goods are shipped steamer ship "pearl".
It was transferred to freighter cargo ship whish is called"Mayflower" in Hongkong.
If the sale was agreed, this deal will be made by cost and freight.
We have sent you on March 15th by fax, in 2013.
So that your insurance in a timely manner.
We expect your reply.
A couple of days ago,one of my classmates bought some food from a market and ate with a couple of friends because of his birthday.Soon my classmates who ate the food had stomachaches and their faces became green.And someone vomited badly,so they were sent to the hospital immediately.After being examined,they were told that they got poisoning by the doctor.Fortunately,they didn't have life risk just was a little weak.It thanks to delivered in time.
In this matter,we have to pay attention to the food safety again,the problem relationships with our precious lives.So I sincerely hope the whole social can strengthen supervising the food safety and be back to us healthy bodies.
dolphin is a smart species.
I like them so much.
They know people, like humans' friends.
And they have warm character.
people should not hunt them.
It is so brutality, so violent, you can not finish it.
I appeal people please be kind to dolphin.
They are intelligence species.
John Cena is one of the most outstanding superstars in WWE(World Wrestling Entertainment), and he is the World Heavyweight Champion.
He had made his career of being a body builder since 1996.
In 2001, he discovered his special ability to wrestle and decided to become a wrestler in WWE.The talented young man had soon made a deep impression on the WWE fans and become popular in the WWE Universe.
The reason why I like him is that he never quits.
No matter how tough the match is, he never gives up.
No matter how the other wrestlers torture him, he can still stand up and fight.
The will of defending his title makes him almost limitless.
You can see the fear in the eyes of every single challenger, and, to make it more exaggerated, you can smell it even when you are watching WWE on TVs.
His passion made him so strong that he barely loses.
John Cena's success shows that no matter how difficult your problems are, you can always work them out by the way of being strong.
The will of winning is more important than winning itself.And always remember, never give up!
There are many places of interest in China,today I'm very happy to introduce the Great Wall to you.
The Great Wall is one of the greatest wonders in the world.
The Great Wall is located in the north of China,east from Shanhaiguan,west to Jiayuguan.
It was built in the Qin Dynasty.
It was more than two thousand years old.
In my opinion,the Great Wall is the longest wall in the world.It is 21196.18 kilometres long.
It is a man-made wonder,it's built by China's ancient people.
I am proud of the Great Wall.
In the past,the Great wall was built in order to resist the attack of the enemy,but now, more and more visiters from all over the world come and visit it.
I love it as well as I love my country.
During recent years,the topic of the end of the earth ,which has aroused widely public attention.
Undoubtedly,more and more serious problems that are beyond human beings' wit to solve are challeng-ing our planet.I wish that I would meet extraterrestrials some day so that I can talk some earth problems with them and ask for some effective suggestions.
Firstly ,I will discuss with it about the population.As we know ,there are about 6,500,000,000 people on the earth now.The number is so large that cause a series of problems.For instance traffic problem-s ,energy problems and the rest.So I will ask if their planet also meet this problems and how they deal with them.
Secondly,the pollution become worse and worse day by day .The greenhouse phenomenon is the best evidence .
So it is significant for us to discuss with extraterrestrials about it .
Finally, I want to know the extraterrestrials' science technology .How can they arrive in our planet?Can they appropriate to the enviornment of our earth?There are so many confusing problems that I really expect to talk with them .
After the talking with the extraterrestrial,we should take their advice and criticizing into considera-tion.We must take actions to solve these complicated problems ,regardless of how hard it will be.
As we all know ,safety is important for everyone .Our school hold the evacuation drill every year so that we could master the knowledge and skill that we can use to solve the urgent problems.However,some students do not take it seriously.For example,some syudents escape from the spot laughing ang talking .And some students eating while they are running.
There are some suggestions for us students when we take part in the evacuation drill.
To start with, we should keep clam and quiet,follow teachers direction.What's more we are supposed ti learn to protect not only ourselves but also the people around ud.
That's all what I want to say .
Thanks for your listenning.
Nowadays, many people are familiar with this phenomenon: dieting.
To be more beautiful and attractive people, especially girls, would like to lose weight by eating less.
Many people think the one who is thinner who is beautiful.
But I think dieting is not good for most people, expect for those who are told by the doctors should dieting to keep fit.
First, I think health is beauty.
People who are dieting may be gluttony.
Irregular dieting will seriously hurt our stomach.
According to the scientists' research, if people start to keep fit with dieting from the age of twenty-five.
People's health will be damaged after ten years.
Second, people who diet will eat less, so people will malnutrition and nutrient deficiency.
Then people's immunity will descend and people will be ill. Dieting will reduce people's energy and in turn affect their lives badly.
Third, people's somatotype is hereditary.
Dieting only can change a certain period of the somatotype.
People's life need energy to support, so dieting may make people be in the blues and can't work or study efficiency.
Last but not least, if you want to be attractive you must live a health life and take some physical exercise as soon as possible.
In conclusion, I think dieting is bad for most people.
Everyone should take a balanced diet.
As for me, my unforgettable experience that I have ever had is an interview in the college.
I still remembered that night.Many students like me to stay in the lecture hall and to wait for senior fellow-students to call us enter into the office to have an audition.
I was very nervous.
I still remembered how unstable when I sat in the hall and how nervous I felt when I was knocking at the door.
I had prepared a lot for the questions assuming.
However, when the senior fellow-students really asked me, my brain was in a mess.
After answering few questions,I said goodbye to the interviewer and went out the room.But now,I think it's a very wonderful experience I had ever had.It was a good memory of my life.
We would like to invite you to attend a discussion of the joint venture agreement will begin in Beijing Hotel from Oct 17th to Nov 1st .
As a leader of business in China,you are expected to attend this discussion.In addition,we also want to invite the other representatives in your group to attend this discussion,such as Zhang wei who is the department manager,Lisa who is the finance director in your group.
Although we realize you are busy,we believe you will find it delightful experience to attend the discussion.Your presence will be highly appreciated.
Study English with groups is considered as a new way to study English by students.
Some students think it is a good way to learn English.
But someone don't think so.
Students can discuss with each other for learning English in groups.
And raise interest for learning English.
Mutual exchanges learning methods and learning experiences.
It is conducive to learn English.
But some students think that is bad.
Because study need quiet, and we need to devote ourselves heart and soul to study English.
In my suggestion.
Study to working in groups is a good idea of studying.
Not only can we discuss difficult points, but also study English better.
I am a senior student in 3 months age.
Now I am a freshman.
I think my college life will be rich and colourful.
Thougfh I have stay at school only one mongh .
I have make a lot of friends .
who came from diffierent provence .
And the teacher in our school are kind and thy inpart knowlegd to us.
In order to come true my dream ,in the future college life is very important .
we should have positive atitude to do all things .
Some I perfer to stay alone ,reading and listening to the music.
but I am not lonely .
I like to chat with my classmate .
I enjoy the time at university that will be the most memorable period of my life.
Nowadays,a lot of people use blog.They write diary and comment of something on it.To me,it's also a good thing to show my ideas and communicate with others.It becomes more and more popular,because it has many advantages.
Firstly,it's free style make people love it.They can write what they want and what they think about their life and their world on it,just like their diary book.They can write articles and put into pictures to show their feelings.
Secondly,it spreed extensive,It just like a big communicate wet on the Internet.Many people show their ideas on it.They exchange their experiences about everything,then they will get something use-full for them.
Thirdly,it can use to supervise government,hotel,restaurant and so on.If someone see something bad in someplace,he writes or take pictures about it and then put into his blog,then much more people will know it.
However,there are also something bad of blog.For example,someone would use it to spreed something harmful to society,show dreadful articles,pictures or news.
Anyway,bloggers become more and more active on the Internet.For blog,greater benefits than disadvantages.
Nowadays,fatigue is one of the most common complaints brought to doctors,friends,and relatives.The causes of modern-day fatigue are diverse.
There are three main categories of fatigue.The first is physical.This is the well-known result of overworking your muscles to the point where metabolic waste products accumulate in your blood and sap your strength.The cure is simple and fast:You rest,giving your body a chance to get rid of accumulated wastes and restore muscle fuel.The second is pathological.Here fatigue is warning sign or consequence of some underlying physical disorder.It not be overlooked.We should have a thorough physical checkup and a good attitude about the disease.The last,emotional problems and conflicts,especially depression and anxiety,are by far the most common causes of prolonged fatigue.We should try to avoid it and try our best to find out the reasons and solutions.We should speak out and expressed openly to avoid depression.
There is a great deal we can do to deal with fatigue.The simplest way for me is to eat a proper breakfast,low in sugar and fairly high in protein,which will provide peak energy in the morning.You might try regular conditioning exercises help you to resist fatigue by increasing your body's ability to handle more of a work load.But don't over do it.Otherwise,get to bed earlier and don't put too much pressure to yourself and learn to say no to additional requests.Relaxing yourself and try taking breaks to refresh yourself are often prescribed as an effective cure for fatigue.
As we all know,there are different kinds of loves around us,such as the love from your parents,the love from your classmates.When I get the love from my parents,I feel warm and encouraged,when I get the love from my classmates,I feel thankful.I am going to say "thanks" after I get love from them,even to the strangers.
In my opinion,love is in everywhere and it is always around me.
My school is called Wu Experimental Primary School.
There are thirty-three classrooms and many offices in the school.
In my classroom building four.
There are a computer room and a music room four buildings.
My Chinese teacher and music teacher's office building four.
There is my English teacher's office on the third floor, and my maths teacher's office on the third floor too.
There is an art room in the second floor.
There is my art teacher and science teacher's office is on the second floor.
There is a big playground, a music room and a library on the first floor.
There is my PE teacher's office on the first floor.
My school is very beautiful.
This is my school.
I like my school.
April 1973 one day, the phone was invented.
After continuous innovation, the shape of the mobile phone is getting smaller and more powerful.
By then, the phone became part of the life of people.Today, phones are becoming increasingly advanced and popular.
It gives rise to a question about the advantages and disadvantages of phones.
Phones have many advantages.
First, phones give us a new way of communication.
You can call your friends everywhere you are, or you can send message and even picture to them.
Second, phones are very convenient which can help us do many things.
For example, phones can play music, play movies, take information on Internert and so on.
There are two sides to every coin.
Phones also have disadvantages as well.
Especially for students, they spend too much time on the phones that will influence their studying.
Besides, students can find anything they want by phones so that they can't study hard.
What's more, phones will affect our health.
In a word, phones have both advantages and disadvantages.I think the phone can let us more communication and can let us have more security.We should use phones for the good.
As we all know that is one of the famous traditional festivals in China.therefore,I want to talk about this festival.
Because of it's so important that everyone must back to their home wherever they are and celebrate the day with their families.By the way,in this family reunion's day they get lots of things to do.
For example that people will enjoy the full moon with eating the moon cakes.There is no doubt that they will go out to call on their friends or set out a travel.
What's more,people really enjoy theirselves during the wonderful day.It's quite clear that we all love The Mid-Autumn Festival on the whole.
With the development of our economy and society,pollution is more and more serious.The most serious should be carbon dioxide.First of all,many factors develop heavy industry,such as burning of coal and oil and so on,led to the steadily rising concentration of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere.A great many of trees cut down innocently is another important reason.
It is high time that strict measures were taken to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere.First,we can develop new sources.Second,our government can issue new policy about protecting plants, and people could plant trees.
As far as we individuals are,it has been suggested that rubbish recycle after sorted.We should reduce outdoor barbecue.If we go somewhere near,we also can use feet or bicycle to replace cars.
Owing to the rapid development in science and technology,traditional means of communication have dramatically changed.In this process,the mobile phone has gained so much popularity that the number of mobile users has rocketed.A host of people firmly side with this new means of communication while quite some others show less approval to mobile devices.From my perspective, mobile is both a blessing and a curse,for it does facilitate our life,but it poses some problem at the same time.
It's certain beyond doubt that mobile represents a fast and modern hi-tech whose merits are conducive to people's life.On one hand,mobile liberates people from old means of communication,greatly enhancing the speed and efficiency of contact.Living in such a society where every second is of great value,we have to compete with time.Instead of making appointment with others in advance when we what to talk to someone in the past,now we can even easily start a conversation with someone overseas with a phone in hands.
The message service of mobiles add to more convenience for users.A host of people tend to attach top priority to message over phone calls in that we can talk as much as we like in a limited time by sending messages to others.On the other hand,technological progress steps up the maturity of new functions in smart phones,which includes the Internet service, ,news subscription as well as the weather forecast.Not only can these functions enable us to grasp new dynamics of the everyday occurrence,conducive for us to keep abreast with the outside world, but they can also,in a large sense,offer practical help to meet all types of need.
Nevertheless,every coin has two sides,mobiles also constitute some potential problems which we may neglect.For one thing,the excessive use of mobiles can give rise to the addiction to the phone.It's far from rare to see mang people hold a mobile all day talking,making text,or just surfing the Internet anywhere,even when crossing roads.Worse still,those who take using mobiles for granted often suffer severe anxiety if someday they lose their phones.Undoubtedly,the obsession with mobiles turns them into the slaves of hi-tech,which exerts a negative effect both physically and mentally on people especially on students.
For another,the continual phone call and messages by others may be a nuisance to many users.Especially in busiest hour,a succession of the phone call can annoy us,but not many people directly turn off their phone,for fear that they should miss something urgent.We find it hard to put up with such harsh ringing and occasionally we are long for a place where we can hide from all the others and enjoy temporary peace.
To sum up,I contend that mobile indeed brings much convenience,making modern life much easier.However,we cannot ignore its problems.What really counts lies in whether we can make best use of our mobiles and avoid being addicted to them.All we need is to be the master of such hi-tech rather than be its slave.Only through appropriate use can mobiles really benefit us.
As far as I am concerned,the heated issue whether reading is a critical part of learning and growth or doing is a important part of leatning and growth.
From the perspective of my own, I mostly support that doing is a important part of leatning and growth.
I have three reasons to support my point.
Above all,learning by doing is some methods,such as traveling,part-time job and so on.It can learn many social experience.What is more,we can understand the book without knwoledge,and know different knowlege.
At last,learning by doing can expand our horizon.
There is an old Chinese saying that each coin has two sides.Other people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
Finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark within us that motivates us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
Therefore, I support that learning by doing is a important part of leatning and growth.
we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using our senses, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.
I caught a sight that before exams, some students would be dizzy or short of strengh,what's worse,they could't fall asleep till late or didn't have an appetite for food.Firstly,if you once to be like these,you should take some measures to change your life.
During the exam week,you should have an adequate rest,don't stay up too late.Before going to bed,remember to take a hot shower,besides,the hot milk also helps sometime.
As for the exam,you have to prepare in advance,make a great plan for recitement,and spare no efforts to follow it.Lastly,don't be nervous when you are doing your papers,just relax and tell yourself you are the best.
my favourite place at school is the reading room it is very big and bright there are also .a lot of useful books newspeapers ,and magazins there ,i like reading boooks and magazins there because they not only provide me with much know ledge but also ,help me learn a lot of about ,what is happening around the world , sometimes i even fell can have a talk with the people inn the books ,i can also relax my self in the reading room ,when i feet tired and unhappy the reading room is the best place to go to reading .helps me forget aii my troubles in a world reading room is the place i like best.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I often listen to English songs after class.I think listening to English songs can improve my listening and enlarge my vocabulary.
Besides,I sometimes play badminton with my friends or my parents.Although I play it not very well,I like playing badminton very much.I think doing some sports can make us keep fit.
I think watching English films or listening to English songs is really a good idea if you want to relax yourselves and improve your English.Of course,doing some sports is also a good choices.In a word,you can choose any activity that can help you and at the same time allow you to have fun.
During the day at the school, some places at the school give us a beautiful memory, such as classroom, reading room, playground and so on.
My favorite place at school is our classroom.
It is big, tidy and bright, it just like a home.
Everyday we have class in the classroom.
In the morning, we go in to the classroom and hand in the homework.
In the class, we often talk with classmate and do exercise.
After class, we play together and talk about something we feel interested.
Sometimes, our teacher does experiment in the class and let us look and write, it has lots of fun.
When we are free, we can do our homework or do something we like.
When we have some questions on study, we can ask classmate or ask teacher for help to get the right answer.
The teachers are very kind so they always help us.
After school, some students are cleaning to keep classroom tidy and clean.
Classroom is my favorite in school because it can not only let us learn but also can help each other.
I can also relax myself in the classroom.
So it is my favorite place in school.
the importance of character education.
Because of all kinds of reasons,such as the pressure of eleven-plus and employment,many schools pay much attention to educate student's learning ability.However,they ignore character education which has a big influence on student's developing.Schools have responsibilities to lead students to be straightforward and guileless people.No matter what students major in,character education is the most meritorious knowledge.
Nobody can deny that character education is crucial.It is reported that Chinese crime rate of teenagers is hundreds of times than which in America and South Africa.What an amazing figure!
attach importance to character education.
It is of importance to take care of our hair.
In the late eighteenth century, a woman from America invented the first Hair-Care product in the world.
Her name was C.J.Walker.
When Mrs Walker was a beautiful young woman,unfortunately she was suffering from a kind of illness which could make people lose their hair.
She was not only very worried about her illness, but also felt sad about her appearance.
She went to see a lot of doctors and tried many kinds of medicines.
But her hair still kept losing.
One day, she had a dream.
She dreamt about a man who told her how to solve her problem.
He showed her some plants in the forest and asked her to make some medicine with them.
When she woke up, she decided to have a try.
With the help of the man's instructions, she made a new kind of medicine.
She put it on her hair.
Soon her hair grew faster.
Mrs Walker wanted to use the medicine to help more people.
Then, she sold her medicine and made a great contribution to the society.
It was said that Mrs Walker saved women's beauty.
Her invention is of benefit to many people.
I really had great admiration for her.
We can imagine that all the housework, including washing dishes and cleaning the windows and many kinds of things like this, will be done easily and automatically.
It is just because we have robots.
As long as they are at home, we will not need to go shopping and cooking by ourselves any more.If any family member get ill, we can still stay in our apartment.
Because the robot is the doctor.
Yes, robots may be everything except humans in the future.
More and more girls yearn for western-style weeding.
Now I will introduce it to you.
In my opinion I think the western-style weeding has scrupulous step.
First, there must have a bridegroom a bride and her father.
Second the bride will walk along the rug with her father and when they arriving at the bridegroom the father will loosen his daughter and abandon her bridegroom.
Second, the bride and the bridegroom will listen to the god-father.
Third, they will exchange rings.
At last they will kiss.
First of all, I think the development of new technologies to bring more convenience.However, I think the pace of new technology invention is not able to stop.With the invention of new technology, there are a lot of people addicted to attract into technology.I think we should not because someone addicted to technology and to stop the development of new technologies.But should be a better way to wake up those who are addicted to technology.The invention of new technology has a great impact on the overall progress of mankind and I think everyone should understand this.
Of course, like the figure just to play with the computer while neglecting to communicate with family and friends is not good.I think it should be in the new technologies in the future to do more to put an end to this phenomenon invention.
Finally, I hope that we can support the development of new technologies and do not indulge in technology lead to communication among family members to ignore the feelings.
Sir Winston Churchill was a combination of soldier, writer, artist, and statesman, renowned for his courage, imagination, oratory and intellect.
Churchill's speech on Hitler's invasion of the U.S.S.R is characterized by its beautiful and inflammatory words.
He carefully chooses the words so as to persuade the audience.
People can clearly learn his attitude from his speech.
In this speech, Churchill used the most suitable descriptions to show his emotions.
For instance, he used malicious words to show his contempt for the Nazi regime, such as "crawling locust", "crafty", "Hun soldiery", "cruelty and ferocious aggression", "the Nazi war machine" and so on.
Churchill's speech is inflammatory.
He described a vivid picture to arouse our compassion.
"I see them guarding their homes where mothers and wives pray-for the safety of their loved ones, the return of the bread-winner, of their champion, of their protector".
In this sentence, we can actually feel the sadness of the mothers and wives.
Although he hated communism, he still thought that the citizens in the U.S.S.R should not be treated like that.
Mothers and wives are the images of weakness.
They can soon arouse the audience's sympathy.
In addition, the audience, especially women, would count it as personal favor.
In this sentence, he used parallel structure to show the passion.
When the audience heard the sentence, no one showed no emotions to the protectors, who fight for their lovers, and the prayer, who pray for their protectors.
In the following part, Churchill still used the parallel structure to show the Nazi's cruel and fierce.
Here ,we can see the Nazi soldiers were ready to invade the U.S.S.R.
When audience heard this, they will soon hate the Nazi regime and turn to help the U.S.S.R.
Altogether, Churchill showed his oratorical skills in this speech, and his good command of words.
Nowadays.many students fall in love on campus.
They enjoy their romance very much.
Sometimes, campus love brings us happiness, courage and the sense of responsibility.
However, many people disagree with campus love because it's a waste of time on study.
Opinions are divided into two parts.
To tell the truth, I find my boyfriend on campus, and we are very happy.
We share our happiness, worries and sadness.
We often face the same problems, such as examinations.
So we encourage and help each other.
For example, he helps me studying the higher mathematics and I help him with English.
In my opinion, if we treat others faithfully, we will be treated in the same way.
So, campus love can be positive for it giving students chances to express their feelings and learn how to care about others.
But many parents and teachers are on the opposite side.
Of course, campus love can take us some time and energy.
A part of time supposed to be used on study is wasted on talking love, which will cause side effect on study.
Some students will become extreme and passive when their love in trouble.
So, what we can do is taking love seriously.
Don't hurt others even though you dislike them.
Just treasure every lovely day and the ones love you.
It has been one year since we left each other.
So grad am I to write the letter for you, because it is something interesting about my campus life.
And you will enjoy it.
As you know, my hobby is doing sports, especially running.
There is no doubt that I was excited to be chosen to join the Cross-Country tream of our Chinese.
Though the training is so tough, I never give up and keep exciting every day.
Due to this, I even more realize the importance of insistence.
It is a shame that we couldn't make a good achievement in the competition.
However, it is never mind, for we believe we can do better next time as long as we do more training in the coming days.
Except this, I would like to tell you something about my secrets.
So lucky that my sweetheart also fell in love with me.
he is a easy-going man who likes sports a lot like me.
we have many similar points not only on study, but also in life.
For example, we all dream to travel all over the world, eat the delicious food of different place and so on.
In my mind, he is my Mr.
Right.
In a word, I will try my best to maintain our relationship.
No matter what happen, we will stang by each other.
Therefore, you should feel happy for what I had found my true love.
I wish you can enjoy my campus life, and then share your funny days with me.
I am looking forward to receiving your letter.
The film reveals the standard pronunciation,gentleman and lady like manner and personal accomplishment.
It was the standard of the middle class and the upper class.
Those who do not have these conditions will be looked down upon.
But when he became a gentleman and lady in the eyes of the people,he lost the original freedom.
Although Hephum is a flower girl, the nature of innocence.
A lady does not become dizzy with success by vanity.
She wants to be a sincere life.
Story is story.
Meet the ordinary people's fantasy.
After reading,life is still going on,still pursue happiness,believe in love.
Finally,only hope that they have been warm and brave.
In this summer vacation, I mainly spent 3 weeks for internship.
During the internship, I show the stranger for fire control work.
However, it does not affect my learning enthusiasm to veterans.
First of all, I learned a lot from life work and rest.
In the morning, everyone gets up on time.
The concept of time always remembers in heart.
As for exercise, no one was lazy.
They all know only training hard so key times can save.
Then I think their safety consciousness is very admirable.
Fire safety is closely related to our life.
If we don't pay attention to fire safety, the consequences will be unimaginable.
And they are fire offices and soldiers, they are aware at every moment.
Last but not least, we all should know more about fire safety knowledge.
Usually pay more attention to fire prevention.
A lot of tragedies can be avoided.
I always can see this phenomenon in my hometown, especially, when a family have happy event to host,then they will certainly set off firecracks in the day time or at night.so this phenomenon is very commom in china.but,some accidents happen by chance,so what should we do about celebrate happy events?
From my standpoint.I think this phenomenon should be forbid,first of all ,setting off firecrackerc can release some harmful gases to air,it lead to environmental pollution, second ,it is risky to children and might do n injury to them.thirdly ,it bring noise and have an big effect on neigborhoods when they are sleeping or rest.In a short,we shoulld resort other ways to express happiness or celebrate festival take place of set off firecrackers.
It is widely known that Duchess of Cambridge Kate is an ordinary girl before she got married with the Prince William.She never thought that one day she will be known by one to all.
each girl dreams to be a princess,but only one can be.We never seen the same person in the earth .From another perspective ,there are no two identical leaves in the world .You are the only one in this world.so variety just like the air that we live in .Being ordinary or great are there for reason .We write our history book by ourselves not others.We shouldn't copy other's footprint .Without worrying how to be a great man ,just be yourself.
Whether it is good or negative,one thing is certain that we are the only one in this world,all roads lead to Rome,do not envy others.To show your presence with flank ,real and true,just be yourself .
Some people consider that if students make comments or criticism on teaches, the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
Maybe it is true in high schools or middle schools.
However, in the university, students are more mature and sensible.
The comments they make are usually in view of the classes and teaches, not the person.
And the purpose they make the comments is to create more efficient classes, to make them more interesting and more useful, which is to say, to improve the education quality.
University is a sphere of learning with opening minds and critical thoughts.
So it just shows the communication of thoughts and the wishes to get more knowledge when students comment teaches.
If teachers accept the criticism, they will change and improve their teaching methods.
Of course there are few people who treat this not seriously, but in view of most sensible students, it is a benign circle, a useful way to improve education quality continuously.
So student should be encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.
Sweden.Sweden is one of the developed countries in Europe,situated in central of continental Europe.It has an area of 4.1 square kilometers and a population of 7.5 million.The capital city is Berne,and there is the famous city in the world -Geneva.The neighboring countries are Austria,France,Italy and Germany.
Sweden is known as the world garden because of it has a beautiful natural scenery.The environment of Sweden is really fascinating and has less pollution.On the other hand,Sweden is advanced in science and technology.
The industry of watch,chemical ,food and so on are in the world's leading.
Sweden is a great country which has lots of place worthy of our study.
Chinese people generally believe that"Nothing can lose at the starting line", especially in education.
So Chinese are very generous while educating children.
The parents often spend a lot of money send their children to the best schools or even abroad to study.
But I think that such a large investment in early education is not particularly wise.
This investment has the potential for blindness.
First, the parents should be based on the child's interests to make the appropriate investment.
The saying"Interest is the best teacher".
When the children love something, they will be preoccupied to do it.
They, I think at different ages should do theirs this age thing.
For example, when we were a kid, we should have a happy childhood, rather than do much homework.
Finally, I suggest that parents should teach children more useful things.
This allows children to better deal with their own lives, to be an independent person.
Also, can take them join some good activities, these activities are not merely teaching a child to read a book, but rather to think, to use his mind.
The "knot" means love, marriage and reunion.
My name is L. I have lots of dreams.
My first dream is to become a teacher, and I like this work very much.
I hope to provide nutrients for the motherland seedlings.
To make them healthy to sprout and thrive.
In order to realize this dream requires hard study now, only in this way, only can realize this dream.
My second dream is to be writer, written in lively and interesting words into one article.
In order to realize my second dream requires hard study now, only in this way, only can realize this dream.
I for the sake of the two dreams continuous efforts.
My hometown is Nanjing.
If a foreign friend of mine is coming to visit my hometown, I will take him to the most interesting place of Nanjing.
I think I will take him to Xuanwu lake park.
Xuanwu lake park is a big public garden with a big lake that named Xuanwu lake.
It has very beautiful scenery.
You can go boat on the big lake and that make you feel relaxed.
You can also walk in a forest and there air is very fresh.
Xuanwu lake park near the center of Nanjing.
Going out park is a business street named Shanxi road.
You can go shopping there.
Shanxi road has many big shopping malls and there a road with delicious good, called Lion Bridge.
You can taste Chinese food to West food, Najing special local food to other special food, more and more foods.
So the reason I choose Xuwu lake park as the most interesting place is obviously, its location is very good and convenient.
You enjoy natural scenery and modern life about Nanjing.
About Three years before.
Between my parents and me happened a bitter quarrel.
One day my friends asked me to his family that I want to by motorcycle, But my parents can't agree and happened quarrel with me.
Them told me the truth that I don't admit, Finally I give up to ride a motorcycle.
After this quarrel, I'm not willing to talk with my parents, and I think that my parents constraint me too much.
I think I have grown up and have the ability to ride a motorcycle.
However my parents always treat me as a child, Not only are these gap but also have many of the generation gap between my parents and me.
A Generation Gap is very common at parents.
In accordance with a daily message's survey about a questionnaire on "ways of obtaining information,I have a good knowledge of something about how to gain information.
 percent of people like watching TV to know the world .Only 12 percent of people observe something by the newspaper.Nonetheless ,as far as I'm concerned,newspaper is a more appropriate way of gaining information.Firstly,reporting news is much deep-per than TV news.Secondly,we can read newspaper from time to time.Time isn't a problem.Finally,reading newspaper is able to practice and improve intelligence.It can make you more creative.
In my opinion,newspaper is a better source of news.
Nowadays, with the accelerated modern pace of life, many people have been suffering huge stress in their day-to-day life.
On account of the bad influence caused by stress, it is surely indispensable for us to analyze the reason why we feel stressed and to figure out how to deal with it.
According to the dictionary, if you feel under stress, you feel worried and tense because of difficulties in your life.
In reality, however, stress we have to face in our lifetime varies in several aspects.
As for us, stress may be the lack of money which is urgently used to support our family, the embarrassment we need to melt when we are interacting with different people, the difficulties we encounter in our studies when we stay up late, the health issue we unfortunately have which cuts off our view of the brightness of our future and so on.
Every second, so many people suffer from stress and complain about it.
But they seldom think about why stress generate.
Not only the situations we predicted above, truly, there are also hundreds of thousands of tough situations can make us stressed.
Virtually, medically speaking, stress can be caused by a same reason that a physical reaction in our bodies happens secretly.
In accordance with a latest research, our brains, when they are stimulated by the tough situation we meet, will send some signals to our bone marrow.
After these signals' arriving, the white blood cells in our immune system will transfer, from our bone marrow, to our brains and gather around the brain blood vessel, osmosing into a specific area that the brain tissue, which is in charge of our emotion, is located at.
As a result of this reaction, we feel stressed.
The stronger stimulation our brains receive, the more stressed we feel.
Based on the theory of the research, the key to relieve stress is to minimize the stimulation our brains receive.
To achieve this goal, changing our personal perspective on tough things can sever as a feasible method.
Just as the saying goes, every coin has two sides, we ought to be aware of the better part of ourselves after weathering the storm other than one-sidedly focusing on the bad things that stress brings to us.
For instance, financial problem can inspire us to work harder and harder to get over it.
Likewise, the embarrassment in social contact is capable of enhancing our communication skills.
To overcome the difficulties in our studies, in addition, we will have a deeper understanding of the knowledge with such twists and turns.
What's more, with some health issue, we are given an opportunity to know and get rid of the bad habits in our life and we will set a high value on our time to do something more meaningful.
As we can imagine, the effect caused by stress cannot always be bad.
When we are facing some tough situations in our life, the right thing we should do to handle the stress we encounter is to pay much more attention to what we can learn and improve instead of drowning ourselves in deep pressure and depression.
Some persons think that learn from reading, maybe they think that they can learn something from others.
But I disagree about this view I think knowledge it's come from practice.
You can learn something new and you can let others know what you say, or do the thing by yourself.
Comprehend the world by yourself not from the book.
You can know the world and find it's wonderful.
Use your eyes to see the world and find the different things.
As the saying goes "knowledge it's come from practice.
So I think we should learn from our life not from books all in all book is other life not ourselves.
Welcome little sisters and brothers to join our family.
Then, your older sister will share some meaningful things with all of you.
I expect that these words will have a bit influence on your later four college years.
Perhaps most of you are in complicated mood, exciting for a new and colorful start but sad for being far from parents.
Whatever we should look forward and believe we are able to realize our dreams by the learning in the university.
As a freshman, being one part of the new environment as soon as possible.
In the same time, there are a large amount of societies and student's union which you can join in to develop your potential ability and to make more friends as well.
Besides, learning how to be, learning how to learn and developing good lifestyle and habits, I think, are the most important.
In a word, solid foundations you need to lay step by step.
The next two years, I define it a time of personal growth and expansion, busy but happy.wonderful.
You are supposed to be nearly independent from your parents in emotion and attitude.
In addition, seize every minute to read books not just professional but about all aspects, because reading books not only broaden your horizon, but also improve yourselves.
At times, some social activities are equally important to combine theory with practice.
When you are senior, the pressure to find a satisfying job is approaching you.
But you don't have to worry about it if you are well prepared in the past three years.
For you, you have a tremendous amount of time and energy to realize your strengthens and weaknesses.
After that, improve yourselves one by one.
Eventually, you are all hopeful.
Go and build your tomorrow.
Last weekend, the sun was shining, I went to the park with my friends.
first ,we flew kites, It's very exciting.Then we rode bikes, I was very excited.
It was a very funny day.
Toay evenyboby should have themselfs wonderfu life .
Now l am a student .But l belive l can go to the Univercity in the future.
And in the ten years l have a l likes job .
That is must l am interested in job .Then in fifty years l hope l can have a family .Must have a child and happylies family.I thank my life is very wonderful in the future.My deam is l can have a big car and with my ded mom tavel around the world in the future.I belive l can more happer.
As we all know, friecrackers becomes chinese interests during the Spring Festival.
People like use it to show their happy and hope.
Through this way, we can get more happy than before and red is a lucky color.
But the last years, somebody be hurt because of setting off firecrackers, especially kids.
So more and more adults think it is very necessary that our government abandon letting off firecrackers.
They said, it is not only increase children safety but also protect environment.
I think it isn't necessary.
We would lost more happy and feel boring if our government should do some things: first, our government should control firecrackers.
It's better that every family only can get their firecrackers.
And we can call neighbour set off firecrackers together.
Second, it will be punished if supermarket sell firecrackers to kids.
Kids can't get firecrackers, so they couldn't hurt.
At the moment, parents should know they must be stay with their kids together when their kids want setting of firecrackers.
And the most important is (that) our school should have a class to tell students far away firecrackers.
The lasty, our Spring Festival needs some firecrackers to improve our happy and express wonderful hope for next year.
And it also is a ancient custom in China, we can't give up it.
With the rapid development of economy,more and more people are pursuing new ways of consumption,such as, collecting coupons,looking for group-buy and so on.Because they think doing this they can save much money.However,will they really help us save money and make us become a smart consumer?
I don't thing so.
First of all,the cheaper the goods are,the more we want to buy.It is more easily to make us spend more money to buy the goods that we don't need very much.What's more,the clothes which are in sales is much cheaper than usual,at the sight of such low price,we tend to lose our mind and come home with packages of unnecessary goods,it is absolutely a waste of money.Last but not least,the group-buy and coupons always have a lot of attaches conditions,you must use it in a short time,so, sometimes you can only eat the special diet which you are not really like.So,it is difficult for us to make a satisfactory consumption.
Of course,there is no doubt that these new ways of consumption can really bring some benefits to us and help us save much money sometimes,But we more easily to lose our mind and spend much great amount of money.Only spend money rationally, we can be a smart consumer.
I am Li Ming from the university of technology.
I graduated three months ago.
I know clearly what do I do.
Writing an application letter for job of advertisement.
Providing various originality to group of Ad production for splendid Ad is my dream.
Although I am not an artist, and glorious logical power beauty will show you.
I picked some software of video and picture up.
Such as PS.AE.Davinci Resolve etc...
Thus I can express precisely my ideal.
Absolutely, I hope getting the job means a great development.
And i believe my performance will impress you deep after interview.
Today I want to share some of my opinions on being a good listener with you.
It is obvious that we should be a good listener because listening carefully shows respect for the person who is speaking, which can make you understand others better and can help you set up a good interpersonal relationship.
Everyone should learn to be a good listener.
For parents, the way to remove the gap between them and their child is listening and understanding.
For teachers, they can meet the need of their students by listening to their own ideas.
For classmates, it is important to promote friendship and help each other while studying.
There are many ways to become a good listener.
First, we should have a peaceful heart, which can make us listen carefully.
In addition, what is required is that we should always be modest.
Last but not least, we should open our mind while listening to come up with creative things.
In my heart love is understand.Parental love that is i want to say .
I konw my parents love me deeply and they know what i want ,how would make me happy .so they set me free .they trust me because they know i am a positive girl .they always suppot me to do anthing and just encourage even though i am in troudle that is useful experence they hope i become more and more brave and strong .many child feel much pressure from parents but i didn't feel .I grew up in a relxed an free envionment .I really want to say thanks to my dear parents .with they love I believe i can fly higher .
I believe that each human being is free .Understanding and support is the best love .
Nowadays, it has become fashionable for college students to take a part-time job in their spare time.
More and more college students find a part-time job in their free time.In my view, college students to take a part-time job have advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, college students to take a part-time job can not only make their life colorful,but also gain more experience to strong their power.
At part-time job,we will know the difficult to earn money.And it is also a good chance to make friends with each other.
However on the other hand, taking a part-time job is bad for us.
As a student, I should study hard.
If we had a part-time job, we will wast much time to work.As a result, we will spend less time in study.
And it is also easy for we to have the social bad habits as far as to missing ourselves.
We are college students.We should have ability to learn how to choose.
At same time, we should protect our own safety in the first.
To be honest, I love so many people on my life, such as my grandparents.my parents.my younger twin brothers and so on.
And now, I want to write this article about my younger brothers.
I am 15 years order than them.
At first, I can't stand them, because they're so younger that we have so much difference, and the age gap between us is too big, and I almost can't admit their existence sometimes.
But with the time's goes by, my opinion about them has changed; I find that I liked them gradually.
Sometimes when their gets into trouble, I usually want to help them and I find that I'm fall in love with them.
In fact, we're having the common parents and we're elder sister's younger brothers.
We'll needed the mutual help in the future, although nowadays their only two years old.
I love my younger twin brothers, and it's not has regard, it's a kind of feeling, it's the native ability of human.
I'll love them all the time.
I've got two tickets to a concert given by Super Junior , the most popular singer group nowadays.
It is held in this Saturday evening at Zengcheng Square .
will be very interested in it .
So I would like to invite you to come with me .
If so , please let me know as soon as possible , I'm looking forward to your reply.
Because of the movement of the foreign direct investment(FDI),and the sustained and substantial appreciation of the US dollar,as well as the creation of the NAFTA and the WTO,the USA has experienced steadily growing trade deficits since 1994 to 2000.
At the same time,the USA had also witnessed a great increase of job losses in various manufacture industries .What's worse,we can see this phenomenon all over the country.
Just as the title going,trade deficits and manufacturing decline are the legacies of NAFTA and the WTO.So we can say that some rules of the two economic agreements should be modified to solve the problems discussed above.
As we all know,disposable plastic bags are widely used at a few years ago,the disposable plastic bags bring severe damage to throw away when we use it widely.Dispoable plastic bags exist for a long time,it becomes an immediate threat to our environment.
Nowadays people awareness the seriously of pollution take by disposable plastic bags,so the government take measures:limit the use of it, disposable plastic bags be not free any more,be offered in a much higher price.As a result,it is true that by limiting its usage every one can contribute to some effort to the improvement of the environment.
To sum up,we should limit the use of disposable plastic bags,disposable plastic bags are bad for our healthy and environment.In view of the present situation,it is high time that the government tried every means to protect the environment.Don't use disposable plastic bags,we can have a bright future.
Recently our class has held a discussion on how to select reading,selectively or extensively.
Different people have different views.
Some people think that we should read selectively,because we should select books on the basis of interested,these can promote efficiency.However,some other people think that we should read extensively,we nend read a great variety of books .In today's competitive society,you must know more knowledge,so you can achieve the more opportunity.
In my opinion,if you are young,you should select extensively read,I think that what all know some is better.But,if you don't have so much energy and time,you should select selectively,it's important for us to learn some things proficiently.
The U.S. has experienced growing trade deficits and serious job losses for scores of years since the NAFTA and WTO was created.However, the governments is still taking forward the ''fast track', ignoring the pervasive effect on rapid import growth.
These agreements failed to overcome the barriers to U.S. exports and the overvaluation of the U.S.dollars.
What's more ,they also contributed to the rising income inequality and decreasing welfare of workers.
Although freer trade is significant in the long run,the governments should repair the existing agreements to achieve the original goals rather than boost new trade deals.
Mention of food safety, people heart is abnormal concern, focus on.
In that for the economic and social progress, economic globalization continues, people food culture diversity, food hygiene and safety become a hot topic of concern.
In recent years, domestic food safety problem is ongoing concerns about.
Edible oils, pollution milk, chemical additive, insecticides, and so on.
The pollution is unfavorable for our health, we can from media reports that many harmful to our health food is after eating, brings considerable influence.
When we buy our food,we should see production date and expiration, view food sack on the QS standard.
As we all know,more and more people died of AIDS.This virus is very terrible.And many people discriminate against those people who have AIDS.Thus,these patients feel sad.Let us suppose that we are those people who have AIDS.If we face such bad situation.What do you do?I'm a volunteer.And I heartily sympathize with those patients.What's more,I want to I can do someting for them.They may take encouragement from our care.They are so poor.Therefore,they might always feel alone,so we can make friends with them.
In my opinion,they can stay alive with our help.Let's do it immediately.
To be a collage sutdents,we have lived about 20 years.we have felt lots of emotions,such as happy,sad and angry.
When we meet frustrations,we should be confused or feel afflictive.So,in my mind,frustrations are a part of our life,and we should not avoid frustrationts.From another point of view, frustrations bring us some different feelings,and when we get over frustrations,the gladness should make deep effects in our mind.
However,in the present,as a collage sutent,the ability of get over frustrations are not enough.the part of reasons,I think,which have two sides.the first one is parents cocker their children.they always deal with everthings well for children.and make children like the flowers in greenhouse.the second one is personal reason.someone afraid work hard to overcome frustrations,they do not willing to struggle and chose wince.
How can we improve the ability of overcome frustrations?I think we should make effects in three sides.
The first is ourself, we should have the brave to face the frustrations and make effects to deal with it,and we also can turn to someone.the second is school.the most of time of a day,we stay in the school,so school can make some classes so that teach stusents how to face frustrations and send teachers help students get over.the last but not the least,as parents,they also should encourge their children and give they confidents,so that help they get over frustrations.however,I hold the veiw,the most imporent is ourself ont others.
There are numerous references to its advantages in the Bible, and great people talk about the importance of diligence to achieve success in every area of life.
Nothing is impossible if you work hard.
If my memory serves me well, it was many years ago that I began to learn swimming.
At first, I was so afraid that I held my father tightly.
Not only was my father extremely patient but also he encouraged me and taught me how to breathe in the water first.
After that, he threw me into the deepest part of the swimming pool.
I was frightened but I never lost heart.
I tried many times and finally, I succeeded in swimming without the help of my father.
Life is like a wonderful song, a bright and colorful painting.
We will overcome a lot of difficulties we meet with all through our lives.
As an old saying goes: where there is a will, there is a way.
In one word, I hold the view that diligence can help people succeed and vice versa.
Now,I will tell you something about the after-clsss activities that I have taken part in.First,I'm always present mass organizations.Such as the mess organizations about art and music,they can make my after-class time colourful.Second,I like sports vrry much so I like playing football with my friends every afternoon.Third,watching English movies is my favourite.I think some of the movies are make-up stories,but some parts of the movies insinuate the reality accurate.I can get knorledge from all these activities.
If you want to take part in after-class activities,you can enjoy yourselves.But you can't spend too much time on it.And you can choose the aspect about your hobbies.
My mother is a housewife ,she stays at home ,she has long hair ,she does housework in the moring ,she often goes shopping in the afternoon .
My parent are strick to my study ,sometimes I can't stand that they're strickto me ,but in a word they're well to me .
Nowadays,laptop computers has become popular with college students.Students with laptops will also have access to the Internet.In addition,they will be able to use e-mail to 'speak ' with their teachers,classmates,or families.However,the most important part of the program is that students will be able to use computers without going to computer labs.They can work with it anywhere they like.
There are some impacts on undergraduates's life and learning.Some college students spend a lot of their spare time on playing computer games which is harmful to their study.The main task of students is to study hard.If students focus on the computer games they will not concentrate on their homework,which will cause the students to get bad test results.
Personally,laptop has a lot of benefits for college students,for example,it can facilitate us to collect information.When we want to do a special project,but lack of information,as long as we are surfing the internet by laptop,we can immediately find a lot of data which will help us a lot.Given that we spend 15 minutes on English learning webs everyday through the laptop,our English learning improve a lot.
Because of the difference cultural,people have many differences habits and thoughts in life,the movie Gua Sha is the good example about eastern and western cultural.
In the movie,xu datong is a games designer in company,his career gain success and his family happiness,he told everybody:I love the united states,my American dream has come true.
At the beginning of the movie, Da tong let Dennis apologize to paul because Dennis fight with paul.In order to let Dennis say sorry,he hits Dennis in public and I think he wants to show his respect to his boss.Afterwards,Dennis cries to his mother and said he refuses to apologize because the boy called Da tong stupid.The situation makes the American so strange and American wouldn't hit their children in public.But in China,parents always hit their children in public,even not give a chance to explain.
Da tong's father is the first time come to the united states,he can't understand English on the medicine caption,so he use chinese traditional treatment"Gua Sha"to heal Dennis,which leaves red scars on the back and cause a evidence of child abuse.
This is deep cultural difference between nation and nation,I think American law play an important role in protect children.In China,law is imperfection and society protect power is not enough.
Nowdays,ninety percentage of students are only child in the home.
And because of the distance from the school are very far,or many parents are very busy.So,many students live in school.Therefore,there have some different attitudes about only child live in school.
Some people are support of it.In their attitudes,they think this can solve many problems and save many times.Their children also can achieve great protection from school.Learning environment can be improved,so the child's grades can be improved too.
However, other people don't think so.They think these children loss the control of their parents,and have too much freedom.They may be become more bad and do not listen to the teacher and parents.
As far as I can see,nowdays children most are only child.When they live in home,they can not achieve great help with busy parents.But when they live in school,they have many friends ,classmates and teachers.They can ask for help to them.They also can get great control by teachers.So,it is for them to live in the school.
As is often the case, we live in the classroom with other classmates.
have some different opinions with another.
ourself opinion or follow another classmates.
ideas is more wonderful compared with you.
For example, when I meet some hard problems in study .I usually turn classmates for help.
And then, the diffcult problem is easy to work out.
force more powerful.
Some people think that love will affect study,they think love will not be able to concentrate on learning,will even take up learning time,again a little bit objective,if only because love mood affected and cannot be bent on learning.
In my opinion,however,these two views are certainly can be negative,the key depends on their own outlook on life,their attributed towards things,if you are a optimistic positive rational person,believe that love will is a good thing,but if both sides is very pessimistic,or negative life attitude,then fall in love really can interfere with one's study.Therefore,we should keep optimistic attitude towards life,with optimistic,rational thinking should be learn to face and love.In the way,learning love two not mistake.
Love is everywhere.
I believe that love will accompany us, for example, the love of parents, friends and friends love.
And I want to said that my parents love.
First, speak of my father's love, I think about my father's love is silent.
No matter what I do, father is silently support.
And the love of a father is called love.
While my mother and the love is perfect love.
My mother always chatter endless.
If your children outside in suffering.
Next I intendt to say is that my mother's love for me a little when I was small I always naughty.
One time I and my friends went to the farm to steal a fruit to eat was discovered by the person, but also our mother called the US education again.
And my mother took me to go home and said nothing.
But to the supermarket to buy me I want to eat fruit.
but I realize, and deeply feel the mother's love for me.
I love my mother deeply.
Now, we should think carefully why we are here and what should we do during our college years.
The following is my personal advice.
First, we should know about our majors and dreams, set a goal by ourselves, and spare every effort to come true it by ourselves.
Second, we should also find out what we are good at and advance them.
As we all know, college is designed a time of personal growth and expansion.
Last, we need to plan our free time so that we will not misuse it.
We could do something that we like.
For example we can go swimming in our spare time.
Anyway, if we do what we want to do and do a good job on our study, we will spend a meaningful and wonderful college years.
This picture illustrates an increasingly common phenomenon---someone stole our password online, so we should keep online accounts safe and secure.
The internet came into widespread use at about the same time as society began to change its view on the purpose of play games or communication or education and so on.
However, in order to different life, we had own 2 to 3 accounts online and protect.
Firstly, we don't tell any password to someone.
Secondly, we use the password enough to difficult to everybody.
The last but not least, when we put the password online, don't let somebody see and remember, avoid someone stole your password.
It's very important to protect your personal information.
With the rapid technology growth in China, I personally think that we should improve our awareness online, not only can we keep online accounts safe and secure but also we can enjoy more something online.
Nowadays.
With the development of society.
and we can't get rid out of it .Certainly !
students do their school assignments by it .That cause people rely too much on computers.
practicing .
In short , we must look it .
Finally, on my opinions.
Firstly, we don't need rely too much on computers.
let you have a healthy and a good life .
I am very thankful for your good treatment when I studied in America as an exchange student.
Nevertheless there is a problem.
When I just came back to my county, I realized that my English dictionary was left in your house.
And it means a lot to me because a teacher of mine in America gave it to me.
I remembered I left it on a book shelf in my bedroom.
It would be fantastic if you can give my dictionary to me.
And I'll pay for the postage.
Thank you again.
Talking about the fashion of this time is always my favorite thing to do with my friends.Of course,the most popular one to be mentioned the new TV show called THE VOICE OF CHINA.
It is a new style of TV show which choose the best singer of China.The judge just listen to the song without looking at the appearance of the singer.They only have a audition first.If they think that they find out the voice they appreciate,they would turn their chairs back to the performance stage.And if more than one judge turns their chairs,it's time for the singers to choose one he or she wants to learn from and joins the team to go on finishing the coming competition with other teams trying their best to be the champion.
In my view,the idea of ths TV show is wonderful and evryone has an equal chance to be a singer singing on the stage whatever you are a teacher doctor or worker.That's why people all enjoy it and I really like it so much.
As we know, a life without friendship is hard to imagine.
I began to know my partner when I was in High Middle School.
After communicating with her, I found we had many common interests.
In those days, we played together, went shopping together and studied together and so on.
Therefore, we got closer and closer.
In my memory, she was so kind and friendly for me.
When I was unhappy, she would told me a funny story to make me happy again; when I met difficulties in studying, she would use her knowledge to help me understand what I didn't know.
To be honest, I really benefited from her a lot.
To my fortunate, I haven't lost track of her until now.
I believe we must be permanent friends forever.
As the saying goes, true friends must go through trials and tribulations.
In other words, a true friend is a person who gives you help and happiness unselfishly whenever you are in need.
So please value it if you have a sincere friendship.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
There are quite a lot students thinks it useful to get online.The reasons is as follow.First,we can easily get information with the internet search engine and this new learning way makes it possible to learn at any where or time.Internet is just like a window which leads us to learn about the developmomental world and broaden our horizons .Of course,it is usually used to communicate and share things with friends.When you tired,it seems like a good idea to relax and entertain yourself by the Internet.
Meanwhile,the other students keep a different opinion.They considered staring at the screen is harm for our eyes .In fact,many students are addicted to chatting and their playing too much computer games takes up their study time so they usually can't get good marks at school.Surfing on the Internet is a waste of time and energy.Instead of the Internet,spending more time reading books can improve us effectively.
In my opinion,apparently,it is wrong to judge whether Internet is wholly good or not.A thing must have its advantage and disadvantage.If we can divide our time between relaxing and study reasonable,getting online frequently can help us a lot.
The Spring Festiv is one of the most important time to every Chinese.Usually,when the festival comes,no matter where we are or how busy we are,we will try our best to come back home for the celebration.
We have a big dinner at my our home.We always eat a lot of delicious food,such as dumplings ,noodles and many other things.
I celebrate the spring festival with my family about a month in my winter vacation in traditional way,such as helping cleaning our houses,putting red couplets on gates ,setting off firecrackers, and wear new clothes.
Some people think that do not help parents do housework but i think we should help parents do the housework ,parents work every day after a very hard to go home to cook,so we should try to help parents do more housework do not let parents involved.Parents will be very tired after work,so we help them to take some of the housework will make them feel very happy,to help parents work can also cultivate our ability.
So i think teenagers should help parents do some housework.
We are writing in connection with your letter about renting for a new factory.
We will appreciate it if you choose our services.
We are Arvon Industrial Park, a competitive company that offer renting place.
The units we can offer now are between 1000 m2 and 3000 m2.
In the industrial park, there is a 24-hour patrol team and surveillance cameras have been installed in important corners.
Besides, the parking place is built for 300 cars.
And last year we improved our electric system to provide better electricity supply.
Moreover, bus stations ,subway and high way are around the unit.
Therefore, you can expect a long business relationship between us and long-term rental could get an appreciable discount.
We would be grateful if you could arrange a meeting to discuss the possible contracts with us.
In the meantime, if you require any further information, please do not hesitate to contact us.
We are looking forward to your reply.
Recently I've carried a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmate hold different opinions on it .
Some of them which support to get online hold the view that it's necessary for high school students to get online frequently.They thought getting online can help us to access the knowledge and broaden our horizons.Besides,we can exchange the thoughts and share the interseting things which happened these days with our close classmates.It also can relax our brains after a week's studying.
On the other hand,others didn't think it's good to get online.They believed that it will be bad for eyes if we spend too much time on getting online.In addition,it's easy to fall in playing games and chatting.Meanwhile, it wastes our time and energy that we can't concentrate on the teachers in class next day.
In my opinion,it's a good and bad thing.It can not only help us with the homework but also let us depend too much on it.The most important thing is that we should try our best to use the Internet regularly.If we do that,getting online will work well and we will study better.
With the development of the economy , an increasingly number of people are pursuing money the first .
To make a lot of money , there are so many people to injure animals and they use animals bodies to exchange money .
In the recent time , we always hear that person will kill the bears to get their hearts .
Many experts claim that this kind of behavior is commercial , and the people can do that just to get more benefits for themselves .
On the surface , it does little harm to bears .
But in fact , injuring animals is a cruel behavior and it will lead to the changes of the natural environment .
What's more , in recent years , we can know that more and more wild animals have been killed and it has affected the ecological balance .
In many restaurants , animals are still used to eat .
The restaurants kill more animals to develop their business .
Besides , there are many people to kill wild animals to make fur coats .
They sell that fur coats at a high price .
To make more money , they kill a large number of animals .
In one word , there are so many behaviors of killing the animals .
Killing animals is illegal and it will affect the nature, even more our human .
So we must forbid this action and we should pay much attentions to the wild animals .
People can imagine that if there is no killing , our society would be more friendly .
Nowadays , lots of people are in the absence of protecting animals and they are still obsessed with getting money .
At this time, we should improve our consciousness to protect endangered wild animals .
In addition , our government should take measures to forbid killing animals .
I now firmly believe that as long as we are united , we will be strong enough to overcome any difficulty .
We are now online shopping, online shopping has become a fashion, why people like online shopping, because it does not need to be tired of shopping can buy what you want.
Online shopping has a lot of good, the advantage is that it can not go out shopping can buy you want, convenient, fast, is people want, but online shopping has a lot of bad place, first of all, the business to us to see the picture is repair, some pictures and real thing is not the same, and quality is also a problem, so we must be careful.
Poe, Edgar Allan, American poet, short-story writer, and critic, b. Boston.
He is acknowledged today as one of the most brilliant and original writers in American literature.
His skillfully wrought tales and poems convey with passionate intensity the mysterious, dreamlike, and often macabre forces that pervaded his sensibility.
He is also considered the father of the modern detective story.
He showed remarkable scholastic ability in classical and romance languages but was forced to leave the university after only eight months because of quarrels with Allan over his gambling debts.
Poverty soon forced him to enlist in the army.
Poe was a complex person, tormented and alcoholic yet also considerate and humorous, a good friend, and an affectionate husband.
Indeed, his painful life, his neurotic attraction to intense beauty, violent horror, and death, and his sense of the world of dreams contributed to his greatness as a writer.
His poems are rich with musical phrases and sensuous, at times frightening, images.
Poe was also an intelligent and witty critic who often theorized about the art of writing.
Poe influenced such diverse authors as Swinburne, Tennyson, Dostoyevsky, Conan Doyle, and the French symbolists.
Edgar Allan Poe, a poet of genius, emphasized the conformity and the aesthetic Influence of poetry.
He insisted that the elevation of excitement of the soul be the poetical principle.It is true that Poe is a great writer of fiction and a critic of acumen and insight.
Yet his unique position in the history of American Literature can be best found in his poetry.
It's hard to explain why I have so naturally high opinion of Poe even though I haven't read a single science fiction of him.
Even before reading his poems, I selected twice his poems as the text I would analyze and hand in essays as homework afterwards.
Value is a standard which can support people to distinguish good and bad, beauty and ugliness, right and wrong, true and false.
Value varies from different counties, which is the main cause of the conflict and misunderstanding in communication between China and Western countries.
It is of great significance to know and learn the cultural differences in cross-cultural communication.
China has a long history and the value of the feudal class has dominated China for about two thousand years, which has direct influence on our value system in the modern society.
Modern Chinese are still compliant to authorities, respect the senior and emphasize the state of "keeping your place ".
On the contrary, in the 1880s, the British government overthrew the feudal rule and established a capitalist society.
What's more, the industrial revolution greatly enhanced people's material standard of living and liberated people's minds completely.
The democracy of capitalism gradually prevailed in western societies.
Westerners advocate individualism, longs for liberty and equality.
These differences in historical environment make Chinese and western perceptions of individual differ greatly from each other.
Western value stresses individualism.
As John Locke said: each individual is unique, special and completely different from all other individuals.
This kind of thinking pattern premises on gaining personal interests and guarding personal entrance.
Most Americans believe that each person has or her own separate identity, which should be recognized and reinforced.
From Americans' strong belief in democracy to the ease with which they go to war to preserve freedom.
We can see that individualism dominates the western culture.
However, we gradually develop another kind of value through thousands of years--collectivism.
Collectivism promote unity of nation, which is largely a criterion to judge whether a person's behavior is good.
Collectivism also tells us that we have to subordinate our personal interests to those of the collective.
Taking all these factors into consideration interpersonal relationship differs from different cultures.
Chinese people place great value to relationship, while westerns tend to the more realistic.Similarly, affected by Confucianism, we Chinese emphasize social standards and emotion.
We think about seniority and friendship in communication, and depend on our family members and friends to satisfy our need from material to emotion.
So in problem-solving, we Chinese make no difference between public and private, and mix personal relations together.
But in western interpersonal diplomat, everyone is equal and everyone has the same opportunities.
According to their historical background, westerns are outgoing, independent, disengaged and equivalent, so western seldom put personal emotions into work and they hold on to individualism, equality and fair trading on business.
First of all, We can see a person picking apple based on books from the picture.
Those apples stand for salary.
The carton is intensely impressive, with the knowledge symbolizing perseverance in our real life.
Some person supposes higher degree could aid us to attain more and more opportunities.
There is no doubt that we have a lots of opponents and pressures.
It seems that the more culture is given, the higher will be rewarded.
However, others view about intelligence not equal to the degree.
A talent person has a skill is importance.
Only is certificate a blank paper.
We need to foreknow how to take in.
As far as I am concerned, we should attribute more importance to have high degree.
After all, we have will on the study so can get it.
In the meanwhile, we should tran our skill of fit to surrounds,do improve ourselves.
Last, but not least, do yourself.
Excessive Packaging has increasingly become a common concern of the public.
The packaging is in order to attract more customers.
However, a lot of packages have deviated from its proper function.
The reasons for this are obious.
The primary reason, presumably, is that the manufacturers try to use beautiful packaging to attract customers.
The second reason is that the manufacturers cover the lack of product quality.
Personally, I think excessive packaging should be controlled, because it cover the lack of product quality and adds much to the cost of the goods.
To improve the present situation.
We should promote customer's environmental protection consciousness.
We shouldn't pick out the beautiful packaging product.
As is known to us,time spent at university is an important period in our life.
Making it meaningful is considerate.
A meaningful life means that it should be abundant and useful.
The top of all the things which is school work.
We must learn our technique,knowledge hard.
In spare time, we should reinforce our social power.
Society is an area where we can practice ourselves.
Sports is the same importance as study.
Our body should become stronger so that we must take part in many kinds of sports' activities.
From these things that we can not only practice physical quality but also our studying quality.
During recent years,the opinions about the life of university are seriously.Paticularly,many students don't know whether they should study hard or practice their communication ability.
Some students think they should study hard and hard.They think academic performance is still very important though we are university students.We should have a good knowledge so that we can find a good job.
by having a good communication ability can we adapt to the future life.
As far as I'm concerned,both of them are very important.It's real that only having a good academic performance can we find a good job,but we still should have a good ability of academic performance so that can we do the job better.So,we university students should look hard on both of them.
Among the European countyies,my dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.Now let me tell you something about Switzerland.
Switzerland is a developed country in Europe,situated in central Europe.It measures forty-one thousand square kilometres and has a population of seven million and five hundred thousand.Berne is the capital and third largest city of Switzerland and Geneva is the world famous city.And Switzerland has beautiful scenery,so it is called "the garden of the world".
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
About half of my classmates hold supportive attitudes to getting online frequently, They have got more known more since they the first time they used the Internet,The explainations,pictures of the animals or machines broaden their horizons,The computes are also used to communicate with their friends,classmates or families.They also share the things which are important for them with their close friends,Besides,it's a good way to entertain ourselves.
But don't all the classmates support to get online frequently,In terms of health,getting online is bad for our eyes.In addition,a part of the students can't stop them from chatting online or play games which are attractive.It wastes too much time and energy!
In my opinion,The Internet is a wonderful tool for us to study,but sometimes it influences us badly,We are lucky because we have access to use the Internet,We'd better use the Internet scientifically.When we are studying,We must concentrate on.
Write an essay to make comments on Mark Twain's statement .
Cite examples from your experience ,observation,or reading to support your ideas.The suggested title is The Effects of Compliments.
Every winner has a winning image,which is called charisma,charm,personality,style,flair or grace.
Write an essay based on your own experience or someone else's experience to illustrate how important a winning image is.
The suggested title is Nothing Succeeds like the Appearance of Success.
Have you listened the fable titled "The Ant and the Grasshop...
Job hopper is the common topic in our society.
There are many reasons leading to Job hopping.
May be there are some understandings with your partner.
May be salary is too low.
May not be satisfied with the work environment.
May be ignored by the leadership.
Nevertheless no matter how to say,we shouldn't move easily.
Acroding to all the reasons, we can find many solution.Firstly, we can improve the relationship with our partner actively and enhance feelings.
Secondly,We should take in to do more useful things to enrich ourselves.Thirdly, adapt yourself to the environment.
On the one hand, we can find the best in ourselves.On the other hand,as everyone knows, it's no use doing what you like, and you have got to like what you do!It's important that we should change ourselves more than complain else!
Nowadays, with the rapid social development, people are facing a variety of stresses.
Such as high study, work stress on adults, family stress on women and so on.
Not only young people but also old people suffer it.
The cause of stress may be death, diseases, exams, making money, getting married, moving houses, changing jobs, ending friendship and so on.
As we all know heavy stress not only seriously influences on our physical body health, but also our mental healthy.
Once we failed, heavy stress let us feel nervous in our mind, at the same time, heavy stress makes us upset, objected and even more depressed.
What is more, because of heavy stress, we can not get alone well with our parents friends and other people me meet every day including family members and relatives.
All in all, heavy stress makes us lack of confidence and let us tired, so that we can not have enough strength to finish the work that we can achieve easily in another day.
As a student, my stress comes from daily life and studies.
Those who live in cities around the world are likely going to have similar experiences about living and the associated challenges regardless of their location on the glob.
Most challenges revolve around stress which studies have shown are a part of living.
Regardless of what you do and your profession and place stress are not a voidable but could be minimized.
There who see stress as an enemy will probably live an irritable life which is quite unnecessary.
So, how to deal with or reduce the stress become a more and more important problem we have to face if we want to succeed.
The most crucial point is facing the stress bravely and having confidence to over come what we face.
Than we should accept the stress we have faced rather than escaping it and compromising to it.
What the most important is that we should not lose the thought to overcome the stress.
One is an attempt to take breaks from the busy work or study.
Doing some sports outside, listening to music or going to see a movie to relax ourselves, chatting to parents and other friends who are really familiar with us, traveling to some places and so on.
Recognizing the harm of the stress is a helpful attempt as a secondary measure.
However, doctors say that there are some easier ways to relieve stress.
Persons should laugh and smile more often.
When you laugh and smile, your body relaxes.
They also say people especially man should cry more often, because crying is a natural way of relieving stress.
In a word, on the one hand, stress is our enemy.
On the other hand, stress just likes our good friend and promotes us to get advanced with the process that we overcome the stress.
I'm Vickey.Now I want to tell you something about my life in Beijing during Spring Festival.First,I often study and communicate with my Chinese friends and I play sports with them,too.Besides,I have went to the historical sites and scenic spots,watched the Peking Opera,tried the tasty food,known about Chinese histories.Third,during the Spring Festival,I ate dumplings with my friends,I'm so happy.
I love my Chinese friends and I love my life in Beijing.Dad,mum,I love you two.
In today's society,is facing many social phenomena.Recently by the media widely reported the phenomenon is someone fell down on the road no one to help.
So,why does this happen?Many people think lifted it up worryied that he will stick to his own, Obviously do good also slandered feel that they can not accept.Therefor,many people not welling to help and don't want to help.It is not a bad social phenomenon.
We should learn to help others happy youself.
It is said that knowledge is power.But where can we acquire the knowledge?
It is so easy to answer this question,which I think the pupils have cognized.To be frank,we have been learning many the proverbs about the advantage of reading books.For instance, book is the ladder of success.
Although we have realized the books play an important role in our daily life, we seldom read a book unless it is borrowed.
It is known to us that schools all over the world all have libraries containing paper book and e-book in which we can find a various kinds of books which range over every field.Nevertheless, only a little part of us make full use of them.Why?
Most people would rather be busy in doing some other things,such as making friends,making money,surfing internet or shopping,than finding a interesting book to gain some knowledge.The books are always be settled aside till the cover is covered with the dust.
In England, some magical book with a particular int has been created.It is said that if you do not read it immediately,you will find that the book has been blank.This kind of book is invented for those who always do not have time to read books.In order our life could not be full of regret,spare your time with a book.
My name is X.
My English name is Cindy.I am 15 years old.l am a senior high school student.My new school is bigger than my old school,and the playground is smaller than my old school.My favourite activity when l was in first grade is Chinese,because it's very simple.My first teacher is Ms. Yang.
She is a kind old lady.My bast friend is Z.
He is still my bast friend new.
Many people love cats in that cats are so cute and reliant on mankind.
But I do hold the completely opposite opinion that dogs are much better than cats.
Since people began to raise dogs as guarders, dogs and human beings have been good friends.
Dogs are widely used in many situations, for example hunting and searching and are always devote all their lives working for their masters.
However cats are always considered as devils and bad luck.
Also they can only chase mice as well as their tails.
What's more, cats' whispers are like children's screaming, which really make people uncomfortable and think about ghosts.
But dogs bark when they presume that there will be dangerous.
Finally dogs are much more industrious than cats.
Dogs can play with us while cats would rather lie in the sun.
All in all, dogs are superior to cats.
And we need to give dogs more patience and care.
when i was a little boy , I would like to explore with my friends , to abandon a house or to go to a cave.
one day , I go to a bookstore, I found a book named Ruth.Crusoe sun shore.
I think that my book what i want.
when i read this book I am falling.
I would like to indulge author from the plot and description.
evenI regard myself as the Robinson, Build a house of my own,I grow wheat and make bread,The winter food storage,Think there is a little excited about it.
Making decisions, must be determined to have a certain spirit of adventure like Robinson.
now ,Now I'm a grown-up,We have to learn to be independent,Learn a person's life,The great success of the men said to loneliness.Learn to persevere,Sometimes success is almost point stick it.
Finally, in the community to learn to take care of themselves, because their most reliable.
"If you think you can ".the well-known saying which my friend always say.And i think he is right .
Sometimes ,when trouble comes people always wanna escape at first .I don't think it is a good choice for us ,we have to face it.
When i was 11 years old my english is really poor so that l can't have a good ranking .I feel very depressed in that hard time ,even want to give up learning english,but i did	n't do what i want.
The result is proved that i was wrong,i am not so bad in english now .
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy,dur during the summer holiday we should use it reasonably,not only studying but also relaxing.
As senior high school students we are,there is no doubt that part of the holiday time will be used for going to school and studying.
Regardless of these time we still have a lot of free time.I decided to go to the university called Saint Martin's which in America for culture communication,it is worth going there, even if I could hardly understand what they say,I will still learn a lot,for example the food in America,the traditional of America and so on.To sum up I will enjoy my life in the Saint Martin's university.
Only with studying and relaxing can we become wonderful.
Using the holiday reasonably,can make us make more progress.
In the competition,there are many athletes,in order to get a better score or a medal,get hurt.
IN my opinion the competition is important but after all,your body is the most important.
due to lifting weights.
There are many examples like this.
I think the most important thing,as an athlete, is my body.
