Just like the growth of sociability and the expansion of independence .only accept the growth and enjoy the collage life , can we have a wonderful and bright future!
Rencently,blog has been more and more popular.
Many people take advantage of it in order to express and exchange their feelings and viewpoints.
There are several reasons of the popularity of blog.
First of all, whoever intends to convey its idea, just registers an ID on the Internet and starts to write.
Even some people who are not good at using computers.
They can make use of it to share their happiness and sorrows.
Then, blog has a powerful impact which can strongly change ordinary people's minds.
Because the blog writers can make their essays known by others and exchange their ideas expediently.
If there is someone who writes well, it will be recognised by others who have the same opinions.
Of course, its idea can be accepted.
Thirdly, more and more notables have blogs so as to improve fame and shorten their distance with their fans.
For example, one of my friend likes Yanglan very much.
She often scans her blog to get more information about her.
However, blog has some shortcomings.
Blog writers maybe lose their self messages easily.
And terrible words are spread.
Therefore, the government should make some rules to restrict it.
Nowadays,with the development of technology and science,different kinds of digital products are being produced,including digital camera,e-book,MP4 and so on.Tell the truth,it's beneficial to improve our living standards.On the contrary,it's bad for people sometimes.
As is known to all,everything has two aspects,advantage and disadvantage.The digital products are no exception.On the one hand,the digital products are useful to work,study and live for people.We can use them when we feel boring and keep something all the time instead of memory.
On the other hand, the digital products has shortcoming.However,the students who spend too much time on them will fall behind others.What's worse!Not only that,listening to MP4 too long time will surely affect people's hearing ability.
In general,I suggest that people make proper use of them.It not only help us enjoy life,but also can improve social progress.
With the popularity of the Interent,a great variety of individuals tend to go shopping online.
Shopping on the Interent has abundant advantages.The most essential of which is its convenience.People prefer staying at home and shopping for things to wasting their precious time and energy on going from one shop to another.Furthermore, the products are probably even cheaper than those in shops which are of the same quality.
Nevertheless,you have to aware the disadvantages of online shopping.Just as every coin has two sides,shopping on the Interent also has its shortage.For one thing, the consumers are neither able to examine the products nor try them on,while others complain that they cannot touch,smell or taste what they are going to purchase.For another,in the online shops,the quality of the products which are sold online is entirely difficult to ensured.
As far as I am concerned,shopping online is convenient indeed.However, we should pour more attention into selecting the products and choosing the most trustworthy online shop.Last but not least,we are supposed to prevent the hackers from stealing our account passwords.
As is known to us,if you want to be successful ,you must work hard .We never see there is a person who can get succeeded without pays .
As a college student , everyone must experienced a hardship period , especial the three years in high school .
We feel pains , and we have gains .
In order to take our university dreams become a reality , we had to study all day almost , that's to say the time that can be used to sleep is only four hours .
The following day we would do a great deal of papers and remembered lots of words from morning to night , and others .
Even though we extremely tired , we never surrendered .
The fact proved that our efferts were not in vain , we were admitted to university we dreamed .
From now on , I began to believe not to move or retreat this truth : No pains, no gains .
Therefor,if you want a good future , you should make pains .
As far as I am concerned, I think high education is not necessary, because no everyone fit on the education.
Furthermore, the drop out guys faced to the difficult situation which can make them do different things more than other student.
The intense passion which I think a good skill to solve any problem is very important.
There are many famous places of interests,such as The Summer Palace,The Tian ANMEN Spuare,The Great Wall and so on.
Last summer vacation,I went to the Great Wall with my parents,brother and their friends.
We sat out at 9 o'clock on Saturday morning and arrived at 10 o'clock.
We not only took many photos there but also bought many postcards to stay in memory.
But the important things we did were climbing the Great Wall.
However,the Great Wall was so long that we didn't climb on the top.
In spite of this,we didn't be sad,because we 'll climb again.
In a word,I feel very happy,and I also know that we should work hard if we want to get satisfied results.
Internet both in 1968 from American.
Originally, internet uses military, but now internet becomes an important in our life thing.
In 1968, it uses military.
Internet exchanges information.
Until 1996, it had 7 international export lines.
Now we use internet browsing some things or information.
The Internet is a kind of suppositional room.
In internet, you can have your own world and you can skin all kinds of information.
Today I will talk about internet, do you want to explore internet with me, you can keep to read.
The Internet is the convenient tool for our life, originally just use military.
They use internet exchange information.
Internet protects military until up to today, almost people use the Internet.
Today, many teenagers like to play computer games.
You can keep read, we will explore internet.
If you ask me what do you want to do in the future, I'll tell you that I tend to be a building engineer.
Because I think it's beautiful work.
I study hard now.
I'm a student of major of machinery, but I don't like it.
I use my free time learning something about architecture.
I read many books and collect some information about it.
In recently, I prepare for my English grad exam.
If I pass it in June.
I'll register for construction crew exam.
I believe I can pass it.
If so, I'll be more and more close from my dream.
I'll be working hard to my dream.
I'll never give up.
I believe I can achieve my dream.Because of everything is possible.
When National Day comes, I Feel so excited, it is not because I will have a vacation,but also I have many plans.
I want to relax myself and find some interesting to do.
I know there will be a lot of people going out,but I will choose go home.
I have two plans on the seven days'vacation First, I will go to visit my grandparents.
My grandparents live in the countryside,and it is the place where I grow up.
I miss the place so much,I want to spend more time with my grandparents,they are a little old now.
I also like to see the countryside's scenery, the trees are so green and the water is so clean.
Then,I will help my grandparents do housework and chat with them,I enjoy the time when I stay with my grandparents.
Second,I will read some about English books improve my English skills.
When I woke up this morning, it was snowing outside.
I drowwed the curtains and was attracted my attention by the beautiful view.
I wanted to record this wonderful moment with my camera.
Then I put on my coat and go out to take photos.
As I walked on the soft snow, I saw a careless man falling down to the ground.
I was afraid other people would full down again.
So I went to home and came back with a broom.
I swept the snow on the ground and kept a safe way to the passer-by.
The neighbers were grateful to me but I just did what I should do.
As one of my most rewarding experiences, doing the puzzle has brought a lot of benefits to my life.
For one thing, it helps me kill the boring time.
Unlike the sleeping will only sleep tiredder more, it offers me much freedom in time to think out my ideas and prepare them well before posting them on the screen.
For another, it makes me feel with a sense of accomplishment.Through doing the puzzle, I have more chances to show me , I can spell out the design that he likes.The most valuable result of doing the puzzle is that it helps me training our thinking and keeps my mind open to better ways of seeing things.
Now I tend to do the something my likes.
In short, there is not anything in my free time that is more beneficial than Meaningless things.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Almost three fourths of my class see getting online as a convenient and modern way to access knowledge beyond school.
It saves much more time than searching a thick book for the information we need ,and that will help us have enough time to broaden our horizons.
Besides , we are allowed to communicate with our friends and share the things like our favorite songs with them via getting online.
There are also a part of students saying getting online makes it easy to get relaxed for them.
Some students hold a negative attitude towards getting online.
In their opinion, it's harmful to our eyes.
And we may lose ourselves in chatting and online games in a easy way.
That is particularly bad for not only our study but also for our body and mind.
What's more, getting online wastes too much time and energy.
Our daily timetable will be destroyed greatly as well.
In my opinion ,getting online is a pretty positive way to study and relax ourselves.It has a great number of advantages, for example, we can get the latest news via getting online, we are able to make friends all around the world.
But we shouldn't lose ourselves in it.
We need control the balance between getting online and our daily life.
If so, life will be more convenient and enjoyable.
As we know, the death penalty is carried out in few countries, because many people think the death penalty is a step back, and in fact, so it does.
Maybe we can detect some reasons to support that idea.
To begin with, the modern society is a civilized society, the democracy exists in our brains.
The death penalty to some degree is very ruthless, and ignore human nature .
As Chinese old saying, acknowledge wrong can change, well great how.
Next to, peace plays an essential role in society.
There are not many offences around us.
Under this condition, it is not reasonable to treat death penalty as the major penalty.
Everybody should know the meaning of peace, but I believe not all person can do something peacefully.
Sometimes, Through he makes a few mistake, people like to punish him with heavy way.
In the other eye,maybe the death penalty is a faster way to end someone's life, maybe you are right, but you do not think about other feeling.
The last but not the least, everybody emphasize human rights which including many rights.
For example, right to security of human.
And human rights is protected by laws, then we see it that they exert great influence on us.
It becomes main stream, but the death penalty against the human rights, so it is not accepted in modern society.
To sum up, it is reasonable thought that the death penalty is a step back.
Today, we should treat the penalty with equitable principle, maybe the death penalty which does not adapt to development of society is really not continue all the time.
In a word, the death penalty is a step back, we should look forward, so it 's necessary to take other methods which can be used to punish people effectively.
With the development of the society,urbanization peocess accelerted,large-scale population movement become a common phenomenon.
however,the population flow in promoting eaonomic development at the same time also brought a great citizen security hidden danger.
for this problem,i have the following view.
On the on hand, i think the punishment is the very important means.China has a old saying about"sticks out under the son".In the same way, i believe that if the punishment is too large will make all the in mind have scruples,afraid to do illegal things.On the other hand,prevention is also indispensable.
Trough safety knowledge publicity an transaction can make people to know how to protect their own safety.
Finally it is obvious the although punishment is the main means shd can not fundamentally solve the problem.
Therefore, i believe that at the same time of guarantee punishment measures to enforce more should prevent the happening of the maligmant events.
Protect the security of the citizens starts from ourself.
Hope that we actively participat,contribute to the construction of a harmonious socity.
After seeing unbroken, I am deeply moved by the spirit of the main character.
He is a brave man, he never gives up any hope that can save his life.
He is angry because his teammate consumed all of the chocolates, but he hasn't push it down to the ocean, which shows his generous.
He has a strong will; He never give up.
He is trained simply because he wants to be stronger.
He is brave and he is smart.
Even when being caught by the Japanese, he is calm and quiet.
I think I should be like him; To be stronger, to be unbroken when I meet any difficulties.
Many people are pursuing a life of more possession and higher reputation.
However, they haven't realized the genuine meaning of life.
In my point of view, everyone should lead a life of simplicity so that they will discover the real happiness of their own.
We can draw it from a great Greek, Diogenes.
He was actually a beggar who did everything shamelessly just like a dog, neglecting others' thoughts.
He had nothing but free without considering those common affairs.
Diogenes' extreme simple life may seem too tough for us modern people that we can't do the same as he did.
But his spirit of seeking free and simplicity is waiting for us to imitate.
First, which I think is the most important point, we should be grateful to life that gives us food and makes us live happily in this magnificent world.
It is always the more you own, the more you want.
Second, we don't have to care about others' mock.
Once you set your mind on your belief, you must persevere in it.
By doing these, a simple life is approaching.
It may be difficult, but leading a life of simplicity may makes you to recognize the true value of life.
i think Traditional Reading or Online Reading each special .the Traditional Reading can make people interested as well make people feel comfortable and have a long historical and people read it until now but it waste tree if it too much will be very heavy ,so now appear online reading .
The person always said practice is the only one criterion for examining truth theory.
In other words, only practice can acquire truth theory.
If you only have amount of knowledge, but you not have been practiced and then you will never succeed.
So I said practice is the key to knowledge.
As we all know, you go to find a job, the company will say the person has work experience prior to inexperience person.
As like me, I find part time job in this summer holiday, the boss asks me whether you have work experience.
From this experience, I deeply understand practice is the key to knowledge.
If you sick, are you willings to let an inexperienced intern doctor to you.
I think you will be unwilling.
Of course, would you want to be a good doctor, you not only have sufficient knowledge, but also you must have sufficient experience.
So only through practice can we truly develop our own understanding about the essence of the knowledge, or else the treasure of knowledge would still be words printed on papers.
In conclusion, practice is essential for everyone, because the only practice can we gain success.
Meanwhile practice can produce enjoyable life and make knowledge truly valuable.
The president's speech is very useful for every freshman who isn't familiar with campus life and try to adapt to it as soon as possible.
There are my thoughts about the speech.
As freshmen,we should realize that we must undertake more responsibilities and appreciate everyone who helped us before,especially our family,friends and teachers.Our primary responsibility is to get more knowledge and use knowledge reasonably.We also should learn to research with passion and initiative spirit.What's more,we should try to accept different thoughts and belief in order that we can adapt to the pluralistic society.
Finally, we should remember that our goal is to make contributions to human and make a better future.
The favorable business and corporate environment in Europe has made the US private equity become a source of new investment in recent years.
However, American VCs need to generate a better understanding of the local culture and business differences if they want to duplicate the success as they did in Silicon Valley and their home country.
Some American VC firms have realized the regional opportunities in Europe, and invested across the whole investment life cycle in specific sectors.
But investments turned out to be more difficult than originally expected.
Since the current market is still attractive for investment, American VCs should switch their attentions from looking for quick money to assessing company's potentials.
Due to the focus on mid and late venture capital of European firms, US VCs can find their niche in early-stage investments in young companies in high growth sectors.
Obstacles still exist in European markets, such as lower risk tolerance and the lack of a big domestic market.
However, the delay in deregulation can be considered as an opportunity for capital investments.
With the rapid development of economy, the problem of living has caused the attention of people.
Recently, more and more people like to live in the city with convenient transportation and selection of work.
City has high wages and high-rise buildings.
In the city, medical techonolgy is very advanced too.
In the evening, the city still lights on, and at this time of night scene is very beautiful.
The city also has a lot of schools and libraries, and the education system is very perfect.
when I was young, I have had many" if " But now, I expect to be a teacher.
As we all know, it is the responsibility of the teacher to impart knowledge to students.
People often compare teachers to hard gardener, and the student is the flowers of the motherland.
It is precisely because of these hard, selfless dedication, gardener, our motherland will be fresh and lovely flowers.
I think, I really became a teacher, I will be a teacher loved by students.
Class time, I will go to the class in different way.
Interesting courses that students will actively raise their hands to speak, let the students feel that the class is no longer boring, but also to make students more like class.
I really want to become a glorious people's teacher, want to get a feel for the teacher 's taste, I want to put all my knowledge to my students.
So, now I must study hard, as the ideal to strive, I will realize my teacher.
I'm glad to receive your email.Great changes have already taken place in our town since you left that people's living standard have been improved remarkably.A great deal of our neighbour have moved into some beautiful and big flats which are full of facilities,such as telephones,color TVs,washing machines ,fridges and so on.We also have our own tractors,trucks and cars.It's been much more convenient after wide roads have been built between villages ang cities,for our government is attaching great importance to changing villages into cities.The educations have become much more better than before as well.
Hope you can come back someday and I will show you around.Whatever,we still have a long way to go.
This year, I am 19 years old.
My dad is 45 years old and my mother is already 42 years old.
As far as I am concerned, they were still young.
Nevertheless, when I see them appear white hair, I found that they are no longer fresh.
There are 1161 kilometers of distance from my home and school, only twice a year for the chance to be able to go home.
However, this year, I went home three times----another time is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Before I received my mother'phone, I'm not about to go home.
In my memory, my mother has always been extremely strong.
When I asked her whether I go home to celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival.
To my surprised, my mom cried loudly.
Even more surprising is that she was crying in front of a primary school.
As can be seen from such a little thing, my mother wholly misses me.
I love my parents as children around the world love their parents.
Because of them, I can see this colorful world.
Besides they make their best efforts support me grow up.
Recently,continual social incidents have been appeared.There is no doubt that the journalism wold report them in time even ahead of time.However,during the process of reporting,there existed a series of problems between the reporter and the person involved.For example,some journalism have distorted or stretch the facts,which cause someone's displeasure.Sometimes the journalist starts or spread a rumour of the celebrity such as the entertainment gossip.I think this behavior invade the privacy of somebody like Wenzhang,who was discovered an extramarital affair with Yao.What's more,the journalism also expose the corruption of the government,which most citizens approve of.But everything should be done within control,if journalist exposes something without curl,it's not allowed by the law.In fact,they have already interfered the private life of some people when they published the report.So we hope the journalism could balance well between the fact and the rumour.
But on the other side,we have to admit the truth that the journalism is the bridge between celebrity and the commoners,between the foreign and the domestic.We can nearly obtain all the latest information all over the world from it,especially on the Internet.So the journalism is necessary.And at the same time,the truth of it appeared pretty important.In the information age,since we cannot distinguish right from wrong by ourselves,we have to believe some opinions that most people hold blindly...
In conclusion,I think above all the journalist should insist to seek the facts,secondly,I wish they had better not express their individual opinion on the issue because everyone has their own likes.Last but not least,as for the privacy,the journalist ought to be appropriate to know and publish it.In a word, they have responsibility to provide the reality to us.
I have been a college student for a year in which I found the college is like a new world,there are many fresh,fancy and attractive things that waiting for you to explore.You may find there are many differences between college and high school life,such as study.
When you are at high school,you have to take at least 8 classes a day,so that you only have very limited time which can use on your other hobby.
But at college,you needn't to take so many classes,even sometimes you're free all day,so you have more time to do things you're prefer.To go to a better college may be the main motive power that makes you exert yourself to study hard in high school,but when you go to college ,the main motive power may be the thirst for knowledge and the self-control.
No matter what the differences are,one thing can be the same that is as a student,I should study hard,and make full use of my time to improve myself,don't just look at the time pass.
Wherever you are, you can see many people equipped with mobile phones.
You could be found wherever you are so long as you take the mobile phone with you.
Some people think the mobile phone necessary and useful to them, while others may dislike it.
Cell phones have become increasingly popular these days.
Wherever you go you can see people using cell phones.
Many college students, even high school students, have cell phones.
Nowadays, there is a widespread concern over the issue that if students should use cellphones in the classroom.
In reality, there are both advantages and disadvantages in it.
Generally speaking, it is widely believed there are several positive aspects as follows.
To begin with, it can consult information to students.
In addition, students can take to their parents when they got into trouble.
It is convenient, for you can connect others easily and quickly.Just as a popular saying goes that every coin has two sides.
Using phones gives teachers so much trouble.
The students sometimes use them to send messages or e-mails in class.
Some students even use phone messages to cheat during exams.
And secondly, many students don't study but playing phone.
As we know there are many games in phone, students must pay attention in games not studying.
Then, they can't listen the teacher say, they can't study anything.
It is dangerous.
To sum up, I believe that the positive aspects overweigh the negative ones.
Therefore, I would like to use phone in the classroom.
My name is L.When I was six year old.My mother told me some advise.She said she hoped me to read some bookes such as some novel by the famous writers.And she said the traditional reading is better than online reading.When I grow up.I understand her meaning,and I agree with her.
I think traditional reading can make you read them a lot of times.As you the more read you can learn a lot of things what you didn't know at you first read them.This is the different withthe online reading.
So,let us reading books by traditional way.you can find that is better than online.
There are several things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.
Firt, you should consult all the newspapers and classified different kinds of information.
Second, discuss the job offered on the newspapers with your friends and neighbors in order to make sure the truthfulness of the job.
Third, log on to the internet and then find more things about your dream job.
Fourth make good use of the relatives to some successful men around you to help in recruitment agency.
Finally, you are likely to find your dream job very soon, remember to register your name at once.
At present,the use of the internet in our lifes more and more widely,people are increasingly denpendent on it.Admittedly,internet with the amount of information, can get the lastet news.
Now,internet is no longer just get information so simple .It appears a variety of net working tools and piatforms.For example,micre-blog .micre messages .on the one hand,it can make us know more people.But between person and persons's language commmunicate less and less.What's more young people indulge in internet.
In summary,every things have two sides.
Above all,we how to the correct use of it.
I love my family and I wrote that in many lectures.
So I want to say I love my boyfriend this time.
My boyfriend is not a handsome boy,not tall,and now he is a little fat.There is some fat on his abdomen.But that can not change my love to him.I love him because he love me.
He protects me to let sadness far away from me.He always has many ways to make mehappy when the tears in my eyes.His love makes me depend on him,as the child depend on the shoulders,the tears depend on the face.When I stay with him I can be myself,do everything what I want to do.The most important reason why I love him is that he is himself.And he loves me because I am myself,too.
Well,the boy who will be gentle to call me a fool is the people that I love much.
According to the chart, the amount of cell phone users had increased steadily during 1999 to 2005.
Firstly, with the development of economy, more and more people have the ability to purchase a cell phone.
That is, they have extra money to afford other things except meeting basic living needs.
Secondly, the cell phone equipped with increasingly humanization functions.
It means that the cell phones are capable of gaining its popularity among people from children to adult because of its various functions.
Finally, it seems to be a tendency that people depend too much on cell phones.But this tendency, to some extent, decrease the opportunity of people to meet each other face-to-face.
As far as I'm concerned, cell phone is just a tool.
It's just a tool to make people's life more convenient, not a master that rules people.
Therefore, for no reason should we rely too much on it.
We are supposed to take good advantage of it and let it serve us better.
Amicable,gentle,and responsible.
Devoting,creating,and stnving.
Blue sky,wide sea and red flowers are all in his dreams.
It's no doubt that books are our best friends.And we all know that we should make the most of the books.But should we read the books read selectively or extensively ?
The question has led to a heated discussion.
One part of them suppose that reading should be extensive .
One reason why they have the view is that they think the way can help them has a wide knowledge of fresh things that they never know .Besides ,they can develop wide to expand their views.
On the contrary, another part of them stick to the point that reading selectively is more useful for our success .
Due to the way , they believe that they can concentrate on getting more knowledge which we want so that they can succeed more easily than those who spend excessive time on reading extensively.
In a way, when we refer to the way how to read,we don't mean that we only can choose one way to learn .We can read both selectively and extensively.Because some articles are extremely essential and others aren't , we should choose the way how to read depend on our situation.
In recent time, there is a discussion about which way is crucial for us to use leisure time.
Different people have different opinions.
Some people suppose that it is important to be active on the leisure time.
They think that do activities, such as reading and doing some word puzzles should be done to improve their mind.
It can keep their mind active and broaden their horizons.
They can obtain additional knowledge from these books.
Moreover, doing these activities can make them think more and train their ability of thinking.
It can cultivate them and make them establish the correct values.
Besides, they can improve their health by going to the gym to do some exercises like running and swimming.
However, other people believe it's essential for them to rest their mind in their free time.
Hardly can we get enough rest, when we are in the fierce competitions today.
We are under pressure.
So we should have a rest in our spare time.
Furthermore, only can we relax ourselves completely, we can be energetic to meet the next day.
In my opinions, not only should we do activities but also rest our mind in our spare time.
To do some activities can warm up thinking and strengthen our body.
Nevertheless, relaxation is also indispensable.
We need to keep balance between them.
I think it's vital to enjoy our spare time and feel relaxed.
The Dragon Boat Festival is one of the important national festivals in China.
It also called the Duanwu Festival.
It is on the May 5th of the lunar year.
As I know, the Dragon Boat Festival is a festival which in memory of Qu Yuan.
Qu Yuan is a poet of the War Period of China and he wrote many distinguished writings, such as Li Sao, Tian Wen, Jiu Ge and so on.
He very loved his country.
When he was dissatisfied with his country, he jumped in Miluo River and passed away.
The local people were very sad and they memorized Qu Yuan by many ways, which became traditional customs in China.
Here I will briefly introduce two important customs in the Dragon Boat Festival.
The first custom is the Dragon Boat Racing.
At this time of every year, people will hold an activity that is rowing boat race.
The boat looks like a dragon.
All of people who take part in this activity try their best to row the boat.
The Dragon Boat Racing is not only popular in China, but also popular in many places of the world.
The second custom is: wrapping Zongzi.
Zongzi is a traditional food in China.
It was said that after Qu Yuan died, local people threw Zongzi into river.
In this way, the fish in the river will eat Zongzi rather than Qu Yuan.
Now the Dragon Boat Festival not only is in memory of Qu Yuan but also spreads the culture of China and promotes the friendship between Chinese people and the other counties' people over the world.
As the saying goes, life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
As far as I am concerned, a man could have a bigger world if he has more courage.
To begin with, I want to share a story that my mom told me in my childhood.
Once upon a time, a man traveled for a long time, tired and cold.
At that moment, he saw a little house made up of wood and thatch.
Upon thinking that the host of this house may be a bad man who will rob him even kill him, he felt very fear.
And the more he thought, the more fear.
What's worse, he was too tired and cold to escape.
The freezing wind pushed him to get close to the house ; he would rather believe his lucky than stay in the wild with the freezing wind.
So he took up his courage and knocked at the door.
In the waiting time, he felt very nervous and his heart beat faster.
When he heard the approaching footsteps, he had the impulse to get away from this place.
Before he did this thing, the door was opened.
To his surprise and delight, a kindly old lady came in his sight instead of so called "bad man".
The lady treated him to delicious and warm dishes and drink.
The man was regretted why he did not knock the door earlier by keeping his courage.
I think courage can help us to live better.
My mom told me this story because of my shyness in my childhood.
At that time, I was very shy and I did not dare to talk with others.
I would be very nervous when I had to talk with strangers.
I thought I was not expert in social communication because of the fact that I had a few friends who I had known for a long time, which depressed me so much.
What a terrible thing.
My parents were also worried about me and they did many things to help me to get rid of the shyness.
My mom sometimes told me some stories regarding courage and communication.
This story impressed me.
It is more important that it gives me some courage to communicate with strangers.
It gives me the courage to make new friends, learn new things, and see a bigger world.
With time going by, I have gone to college for two years.
I can communicate with others very well and I have many friends.
In the past several years, I have made great progress.
I began trying to make new friends after my mom told me this story.
Gradually, I found most of people were very kind and easygoing.
When I talked with them, they were also dear to talk with me and help me.
And I became more and more outgoing.
I deem it very correct that life expands in proportion to one's courage because of my experience.
If it is not for courage, I would be still a shy boy and my world would be the same size when I was a child.
What I am now owes to my courage.
As time goes by,I've already been a member of The NO.1 Senior High school .Everything in the school was new to me,So I feel very excited.
When i first saw the buildings of my school,I felt surprised that the environment there was very fantastic.The school was clean and many trees and flowers are in it.Ithought it was a good place to study.
There were many activities in first grade.Guitar optional course was my favourite.Because I had learnt the guitar before and I'm good at playing it.
My first English teacher was a handsome middle-aged man.His pronunciation of Engliah was pretty good.His method of teaching was nothing like that of teachers in my Junior High school.And I thought I could adapt this rapidly.
I also made some new friends there.Zhang Jiyuan became one of my best friends.We both lived in the same dormitory.I thought I could make more friends soon.
I'm looking forward to studing hard and having good days in the new term.
I suppose it's a good thing to college students.
It's really a good chance to connect with our society.
I often do part-time job during my college life and it's very useful for me.
Do a part-time job is worthy to do that we can see different kinds of people and talk with them, even though to make friends.
This trend may lead to people grow up earlier, even somebody think it's a bad news for themself.
College students should know more information about our society in our eyes, not in mobile phone.
I'd like to go out of college in such a big world.
"Speech on Hitler's Invasion of the USSR" is the speech that was made by British Prime Minister Winston Churchill when Hitler invaded the Soviet Union.
The speech plays a catalytic role on uniting all anti-fascist forces around the world and forming anti-fascist united front.
At that critical juncture, the Churchill speech is the "secret weapon" to change the direction of historical development.
The speech is eloquent and persuadable.
As the British Prime Minister, Winston Churchill's speech is of great authority and effectiveness; people read his speech is actually seeking the interpretation of British foreign policy.
This speech uses a lot of modal verbs that makes the tone sound euphemistically, but at the same time, people can feel the war is imperative.
Through this way, the speech avoids the suspect that Churchill uses his right to put pressure on their mass to take part in the war.
In this speech, Churchill clearly expresses his attitude to Nazi Germany, so that he can establish the authority of declaring a war.
The first paragraph of this speech is excellent that writer uses six parallel sentences, "I see", to enhance the tone showing the scene that Nazis attacked the Soviet Union.
This paragraph not only conveys the information that Nazis has attacked the Soviet Union, but also giving vent to their feelings.
It mobilizes the audience's emotion and stimulates the audience's sense of justice, so that the mood of the speaker and the audience reached a high degree in great unity.
Above all, the speech is very triumphant that it is more easily for people to accept Churchill's action on the recommendations of Nazi Germany after hearing it.
As a college students,i am very happy, and feel very lucky than my students whom never to school or give up to school in some time.but anything have example,study may let us live happy,but thesedays,it is not very obvious.In school,we have to learn variety of course all the time,other thing not at all concern.
Day and day,year and year,we had lose very more due to study,in fact,we have not get anything.On the contry,sometimes,we maybe have some regret,a little of complains.although,we go with to study and never give up ,so i believe there is a will,there is a way.
So,social practice is beneficial for us,we shoud take part in more social practice,in this way ,we can have a progress and continue power,also let our college lives is color.
X lives in W who is my good friend.she will come to visit me on may day.So l write an agenda for her to she have a happy holiday.
in the afternoon l will show she around and take she to taste the local food.we will go to the shiyan museum to know the W'history.last l will she to look around my university.let she look my school landscape.
On the morning of may 3.she will leave.l will see she off.
Today, online shopping has become a fashion,every one loves online shopping.So do I.
Sometimes I will buy something on the line ,such as buy clothes ,shoes,pants and so on.So how about you?
Online shopping has many advantages,for example, you need not out of buying what are you want buy,and there are many kinds of ships that you need not choose on the street that will protect you from the sun or rain when you out of.something ships on the line are cheaper than in the store.sometimes when you buy some dear ship the boss will give you a little gift and so on.
ever coin has two sides, although online shopping is convenient that there are still many shortcomings.for example, When you buy something, the online store's delivery staff delivery is very slow, the logistics is very slow in some times,or what did you pay for that may be a not good thing,there are many disadvantages,such as chromatic aberration,quality of problems,and so on.
In my opinion,we should use the advantages of the online shopping and avoid the disadvantages that will make us use it became useful and helpful for our life.
Thank you for the letter of enquiring price for our fireworks ang firecrackers.
You will find that we have given you the best terms customary in our business.
In answer your inquiry for the article, we reply you follows.
In order to complete our business this time as soon as possible Our quotation will be shown in the attachment.
We offer your firm C. I. F UK together.
Payment by open irrevocable L/C.
It is feasible for us to make delivery within a half month after receiving your order.My company's payments terms,paid in cash,payment within 10 days from the date of the invoice,a discount of two percent.
Nowadays ,with the rapid development of the economy,Pressing problems appear all over the world on a large scale,endangering people's life.It is convinced that extraterrestrials exist in space.Having a talk with them would benefit us a lot on account of their advanced technology.
Looking back on the past few years,people develop blindly regardless of the environment.The problems such as global warming,air pollution and the increasing population,bring about some harmful effects.In this context,it is high time for us to change this condition.Otherwise,these side effects would ruin ourselves.
If we could have a talk with extraterrestrial,we should make the best of the opportunity.For one thing,analyzing the source of these problems is necessary.In addition,we could find effective measures and take them into practice.At length,it would be helpful for us to enhance communication and cooperate in science technology,aiming at solving them in time.
It's our responsibility to save our earth.I hope that the extraterrestrial could give us a hand and everyone should take part in the team to protect our planet.Only in this way could we build a harmonious society.
Nowadays, with the economic booms, it seems that people tend to spend more time on electronic games; they consider it as good a way to kill their time.
Meanwhile, they even get addicted to those games.
However, there are still some people regarding it that playing traditional games are more meaningful.
As far as I am concerned, I prefer to playing traditional games.
When looking back on my childhood, I felt myself very lucky; I can spare my free time playing with my friends.
We are happy and can learn a lot of things.
From playing traditional games, we can learn something valuable, and give our ideas tangible form.
Playing soccer games may teach us a lesson about getting along with others.
On the contrary, playing electronic games does more harm than benefit to us.
When playing electronic games, people are just engaged in their own world without thinking about others.
These electronic games encourage us to be unimaginative, socially immature and crudely desensitized to the world around them.
They just enjoy their own activities and if anyone disturbs them when they are playing, they are inclined to get annoyed and discontented.
Now more people choose to live in big cities, while the living space becomes smaller, children are limited to a small space and cannot have many chances to know other children at the same age, so they have to stay at home playing electronic games.
As for me, parents should spare some time to play some traditional games with their children.
On the other hand, parents should allow their children some time to spend with some friends.
If children do not feel lonely and have more time to play outside, they may feel that playing traditional games with friends is much happier than just stay alone playing the electronic games.
Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
Others believe we learn by doing, because practice is the only standard to examine the truth.
But, I believe that the two are not contradictory.
Practice is the sole criterion for testing truth, that blindly reading and not to practice, finally can only be empty talk.
However, man's life is limited, can not experience everything, that we need to read to enrich themselves, the book is the crystallization of the wisdom of our predecessors, we reading is not only inheriting predecessors' wisdom and experience, is also rich, from my own experience.
For us, not only to read textbooks, but also to practice, because practice is another important way to get knowledge, and is the transformation of books knowledge.
Book's knowledge is ultimately the experience of our predecessors.
If we just standing on the shoulder of forefathers,it only previous heights.
Only through their own practice, knowledge in order to achieve a breakthrough, reaching a higher, farther and deeper realm.
Water Is the Source of Life As the source of life water is indispensable to human beings.
People consume much water in production and daily life.
As the world charts a more sustainable future the crucial interplay among water is one of the most formidable challenges we face.
Today we have World Water Day .International World Water Day is held annually on 22 March as a means of focusing attention on the importance of freshwater and advocating for the sustainable management of freshwater resources.
I think Nowadays water shortages touch a large percentage of world population.
If we could not make proper use of water resources on earth, the last drop of water would be our teardrop.
I have the impression that there is legislation in China but no execution.
In modern society, various kinds of consumption patterns come to existence.
Colorful and attractive coupons and dozens of group-buy activities are everywhere in our life.It seems that these things facilitate in many aspects of our daily life.
But when taking them for deeper consideration, perhaps all the so-called money-saving stuff is not good at all.
As we have all experienced in the daily, we sometimes tend to purchase things that are unnecessary and useless especially when they are on hot sales.
As a result, we waste more money than the amount we want to save ahead.
Only when the huge storage of such kinds of things get in the way of our step can we realize how much we have bought.
In the meanwhile, the quality of the goods on sales with a coupon or in a group-buy activity is probably worse than expected.
Actually, it is just a sale method by the smart sellers who want their goods to be widely known and sell well.As for our consumers, those sale methods can be misleading to us.
We are supposed to choose the right things.
It is hard to judge the benefits of the coupons and the group-buy activities.The price is cut down in fact.
While, I think,as our college students, it is wise to choose the most suitable things rather than focus on the off-price blindly.
Hello , I'm Lihua.
I heard about you were admitted to Princeton University recently.
That we all know , Princeton University is a very good school.
So you can learn a lot fo knowdege.
I congratulations to you and I happy for you at the same time.
I think you have some learning experience that you can introduce.
In order to I can study with you.
Finally , I invite you to come to China to travel.
I make sure you will like here because there is very beautiful and interesting.
I'm looking forward to meet you in China.
Best wish for you have a good life at university.
My home town Qingdao is a seaside city.
She is a very beautiful city.
The food in Qingdao is pretty good.
Such as fired clams.
I think it's very delicious.
The local product in QingDao is famous,too.
For example,LaoShan Mineral Water famous in China and Tsingtao Beer is famous in world.
The scenery in Qingdao is beautiful.
The bathing beach is full of people.
Zhongshan park has a good scenery,too.
It's very attractive so there is lot's of tourists.
Qingdao zoo is interesting.
The wind of May is a mark to QingDao.
People in QingDao are friendly.
Climate in Qingdao is pleasant.
When we left high school life which is filled with plain life with boring routine and advance to the new campus life, our heart are sure to be stirring with foam.
We must be obliged to grow up and no more a child nestled in our parents' arms.
If you have taken the question into considerationt, to some extent, you are somewhat penetrated.
To gain mature is not burying your head in bunch of volumes studying all day long and take it for granted that you have grown with deep thought.
So does falling in love and loafing away time.
As a matter of fact, to take steps to all respects of campus life and not to be indulged in, just take a sip of all sorts of amazing things that you have never done during your high school life, savor the various things of campus life.
Then you have grown.
For you have tasted, for you have understood.
To gain mature is not just hovering over the minor campus and associate with the same people around you, but to get rid of the status of college student and head onto the society.
Therefore.to be a volunteer, to do some part-time jobs, to travel with your passionate heart, to do what you love.
Experiences are the most precious, whatever you have done.
Just follow your own heart, fell in love with the freedom, expand your circle, fill your heart.
In this way, you'll find that life has opened another door to you and you have been shaped to be a mature adult and a man with detached attitude and independent mind.
Anyway, we are fully grown and expanded when we have sublimated and liberated our heart.
Every time I need to describe an important person in my life, I will think of my aunt, my mother's little sister.
She is also an example in my heart.
She is not tall, and wears glasses.
Sometimes, she will adjust her glasses gently.
She is a Chinese teacher in junior middle school.
And she is also my Chinese teacher during the three year in my junior middle school time.
She is a serious teacher in class, but a gentle aunt in my life.
I can remember that was an ordinary class.
She is one of the few teachers who are full of special personality.
When she came into the classroom after the bell, the classroom became very quiet.
She just said "good morning" to us.
Different from any other class, we did not dare to speak one word with desk mates, and did not dare to do little tricks.
We opened our books and read it as she told us.
After a few minutes, we stopped, and she began to explain the text.
She was familiar to the whole text, so she just looked at us not the book.
Her Putonghua was very well.
When she described the story the text said, we all attracted by her.
We seemed to see the white world which was covered by the snow.
She leaded us into a beautiful picture by her vivid words.
She was so excellent that we were all drawn by her special personality.
After class she was a good aunt, maybe a good friend for me.
I had lived at her home for six years.
One day after the evening classes, I came back with her.
That was a cold winter night.
We kept blowing on our hands.
Sometimes, I even thought she was my peer.
She said seriously: "do you want a little sister or a litter brother".
I was in a daze.
"I am pregnant".
She said sweetly.
I was excited.
She raised her head and smiled, "my new journey is beginning now".
We walked arm in arm.
During the ten months, she also took good care of me.
When I was cold at school, she would go to school and give me clothes; after evening classes, she would do something delicious for me.
During the six years I lived with her family, I knew the real beauty inside her; her strong, kind, and many other excellent qualities.
The most important thing was that she treated me as if I was her child.
She not only taught me on the class, but also at home; she not only taught me the knowledge on the book, but also the truth in my life.
Years later I can still remember many details I lived with her.
I even think she is not only my aunt but another mom.
I have thought many times, how to reciprocate her great kindness to me.
Now, I have the answer.
Just treat her as my mom, and just love her as my mom.
My first trip to United States without my parents.I went to America,when I was in grade five.I traveled there by plane with my classmates who are my best friends.
There is no doubt that many person like music.Because listening music can mold our character.
Sometimes music will let us feel happy,of course,music will let us feel sad also.So I think the music plays an essential role in our life.
As is known by all that music have different styles.For example,hip hop,jazz,classical.So we can choose what we like music.Good music will have a good influence on us.So I think we should listen to good music frequently and I hope more singer can write a lot of good music,then, we will be very happy.
In all,I hope everyone can listen to music.It is crucial that we should take in some thing from it.From what I have mentioned above,we can know clearly that the music is important for us.
With the development of society,the life's level of people become better than before,so there are many ways to entertainment people can choose.In my opinion,I have a preference for travelling,which can make us happy.
At present,there is no doubt that more and more people will choose to travel in their life.Because they have some pressures in their daily life,it will let them relax to go to travel.In addition,not only people can widen their horizons but also can they communicate with others from all over the world.For the most,we will reduce our pressures if we go to travel suitably.
All in all,travelling plays an important role in our daily life,we cannot ignore it but we should enjoy it actively.I hold the strong belief that travelling can give us unlimited possibility!
We can see not only the real goat but also the parable goat in our life.
The ancient Judaism took a goat as an essential sacrificial offering, which undertook sin for people.
Nowadays, the parable meaning of the scapegoat is that you bear the fault that other people make.
The scapegoat is innocent but they are willing to bear others' sins.
In our real life, sometimes we may encounter the situation where our friends or our relations make some fault but we cannot do anything to help them, only to take their place to take the responsibility.
Once a time, my sister broke a vase that my mother kike best into pieces, she was too frightened to say something.
As a result, I said to my mother that the vase was broken by me.
Why I lied to my mother owe to her preference to me, so I became my sister's scapegoat.
The scapegoat is that they are innocent more than they can say.
We live in a complicated society so that we may meet some difficulties beyond imagination.
Sometimes we have to take sins for some people in that we meet the despair.
What kept in my mind the deepest was the movie I had seen.
A person who was in the authority committed a crime but he did not want to take the responsibility, so he forced a poor man to take sins for him and warned that if he gave an alarm to the police, the people in his family would be in danger.
The people had nothing to do because he knew little about the law, so he took sins for the rich people.
He is unwilling to be a scapegoat but he has no choice.
The scapegoat is the people who sometimes can save the offender's soul.
Once in a while, when the scapegoat takes sins for the offender and is punished by some people, the offender's soul is uneasy and always feeling something is torturing his nerve.
After some time, he will realize his fault and speak out because he is ashamed and uneasy.
The scapegoat is the offender's God in some respect.
In all, the scapegoat is the person who takes sins for the offender no natter he is willing or unwilling.
He takes all the responsibility but it does not mean it is a bad thing, in turn, it can save the offender' soul.
In the world many people like reading books.
I also like reading books.
I think read books can open our eyes and improve our English.
But we can't only read.
We should also participate in practice.
And we should feel people, things and views around us with our hearts.
In my opinion, we should enjoy reading.
And we must read at the right time.
Good good study day day up.
I believe as long as we keep reading our eyes will big open.
We could never live in the same world.
Our food, lifestyle, clothes would change all the time.
Such as our food.
In the past, we always eat at home, our mother cooked some delicious food for us or we can do it ourselves.
We always eat this season's vegetables but now, we can eat everything whenever we want to.
When it comes to our lifestyle, now we have much more entertainment.
We surf the internet, get a party with friends, singing in the KTV, dancing in the bar.
Of course all of us knew that our parents never touching these in before.
In the past, we wear very traditional.
Today of china, girls wear the miniskirt or mini pants.
The person of the past, we always wear some clothes which did by our mother, but now we can buy these in the shop with A variety of colors.
In a word, The China changes very quickly.
We already live in a different world in a different way now.
The winter vacation is just around the corner, I want to do a winter's learning plan.
It is to complete two tasks.
One is to refine and grasp the key points and difficulties in all branches.
Thee other is to gradully tranform knoeledge into the actual ability to solve English.
At the beginning is to review English.
In vocabulary, ishouldbegin todeeply master usage on the basis of mastering meanning, especially fixed collocation and habits.
I will rote the words and phrase.
I must grasp the basis things about English.
What's more, I tend to improve my English.
On the one hand, I want to know more things by watching English movies.
On the other hand, I will make fri in ends with foreigners on the Internet.
And I can participate in some sentences and the exquisite articles.
The mot important os to writing by heart.
This winter vacation is important and significance for me.
English is the most difficult course for me.
SoI will spend more time on this course.
I am sure I can make greater progress in English if I work harder.I hope what I think will come ture.
I can make it.
I believe.
Different people have various ambitions.
Some want to be engineers or doctors in the future.
Some want to be scientists or businessmen.
Still some wish to be teachers or lawers when they grow up in the days to come.
Unlike other people, I prefer to be a farmer.
However, it is not easy to be a farmer for Iwill be looked upon by others.
Anyway,what I am trying to do is to make great contributions to agriculture.
It is well known that farming is the basic of the country.
Above all, farming is not only a challenge but also a good opportunity for the young.
We can also make a big profit by growing vegetables and food in a scientific way.
Besides we can apply what we have learned in school to farming.
Thus our countryside will become more and more properous.
I believe that any man with knowledge can do whatever they can so long as this job can meet his or her interest.
All the working position can provide him with a good chance to become a talent.
I'm L, a student from Class 1, Grade 3.
I'm writing to apply for the membership in your club.
I really want to have the opportunity.On the one hand, to be an actor is my dream.And I always dream of performing on the stage.On the other hand,I want to improve my communication skill as well as my confidence.
What's more,as an outgoing girl, I get along well with my classmates.
Not only do I love acting, but also I am creative and full of imagination.
What's more, I have such a good command of English.And I can speak fluent English.Last but not least, I am elected as assistant to my English teacher as well.
I do hope you can give me a chance to come my dream.
I would appreciate it very much if I have the chance.
Looking forward to your reply.
As we can see from the picture ,there are two man ,one man stay at his humble abode.
In his humble abode ,he has a computer ,a book and a ping-pong bat.
And other man is a waiter, he offer noodles to the man.
Thus,the man pay the money for noodles to the waiter.
The cartoon show that is humble abode.
It's humble abode.
The reasons are chief as follows.
Firstly, with the development of the society and technology, people can use computer in their humble abode.
People can communicate with each other by the internet.
People can know about some news from the internet.
People also can spread some information on the internet.
It is convenient for us in our life.
Secondly, people like staying at home.
They are lazy so that don't go outdoors.
Thirdly, they don't know what to do when they out.Therefore, they prefer to stay their humble abode.
They think it feel more free.
As far as I am concerned, I think that we should pay attention to the humble abode.
Because it is harmful to our health .
In order to improve our life style, we should take part in all kinds of activities.Not only can make you feel happy, but also you can make more friends.
Or you can often do some sports out of doors.
It can build up your body.
So, don't stay in your humble abode.
Let's change it from now on.
In recent years,Domestic food safety problem is ongoing concerns about.Nonetheless We cannot leave food.To our horror is un-safety food.
Thanks to un-safety food .Some people were got food poisoning,the others were died.For example,tainted milk take baby's life.
Illegal cooking oil, chemical additives in our drink ang the pesticide residues in vegetable are unfavorable for our health.
At this rate, we have to lose our health.
For saving these problems,I will give some suggestions.First of all,government should intensify the attendance to the safety of food .Second,we should try to eat least Fried food.When we purchase fruits and vegetable,we had better wash them several times.Doing this,our life will more healthier.
As we all know, blog showing a rising treng nowadas.
And it not only popular with many youth but also popular with many children.
As the picture showen, the children only let his father her life through her blog.
Maybe blog has provied a platform for children which they can express freedom.Besides,they can also activety participate in the disscussions whith no limition.
There is no doubt that everything is mixed.
It is obvious that children who are addicted to writting make themselves more ana more autism.What's worse,it may lead them lacking of communicating with their parents.Most important of all,to some degree,children spending time on it while avoiding some outdoor actives will affect their manners.
As far as I am concerned,children should be allowed to spend time on blog bu at the same time,they should use it in a appropriate way.And they should mainly to learning.
My father was born in 1973.
His family was so poor that he made up his mind to do something to change it.
He studied hard and did well in school.
Later he succeeded in attending his favourite university in Beijing.
Since then,he has earned money on his own and sent the money to his parents to show his love.
After several years,he went to the university again and completed his doctor's degree.
He never gave up.
He always says:There are many chances,but they only wait for the person who has a strong will and keeps going for it.
I agree with him and that's why I treat him as my hero.
His spirit inspires me.
Everyone should know computer is the most useful things in our daily life.With the deepening of technological development,most of people are more and more rely on it,not only at work but also at spare time or entertainment.
Over-reliance on computers will bring a lot of problems.First of all,computer has a great many radiation that will hurt our healthy,result in cut down our immunity go with we grow up.Then,when we watch too much on computer,our sight will be obscure.Finally,computer is a virtual world,there are harmful messages while we search on the Internet,and those messages can changes our mind.Harm to teenagers good and bad information, caused by the crime rate rising.
In my opinion,Appropriate use of computer is good for us.When we search on the Internet,We must have the ability to distinguish between good and bad information.And we can not easily believe that other people say .We want the scientific use of the computer, we can not rely too much on it.
From the invention of cellphones to now,during which most of people are crazy about using the cellphones.From above we can learn ,the cellphones have advantages and disadvantages.
The advantages are as follows.Firstly,they make people's commiunication convenient greatly.Secondly,students can look for information about everything through them,etc.
The cellphones also play a bad role in daily life ,when students are using them to do something.Thus,students's eyesights and psychosis are usually reduced greatly.
As I'm concerned,I figured that we should use it properly,such as playing games after long study.Thus,they are the real precious deposits.
I'm very glad that my foreign friend will come to my contry.I will take him to visit interesting and famous places.I'm sure that he will have a good time.
As far as I'm concerned,the Great Wall is the symbol of China.It is very long and have a old history.
I always think if I could enjoy the view of the Great wall with him,that would be such an unforgettable and wonderful experience.
The second place I want to take him to is Tian An Men Square.I will be with him together to see the national flag-raising ceremony .With the rapid development of encomy,the Tian An Men Square can show the strength and beauty of our country.And we can communicate with each other to learn different culture.
Finally,I wish he will a joyful experience in my country.
Everyone has different opinions.
So there is no correct key to this problem.
According to insider investigation, there are 40 per cent people think this can work.
People can see different kinds of animals to increase their knowledge.
Some weak animals can be taken good care of.
If animals which are hurt, keepers can treatment them in systemic.
But the other people --the most part of people think it is worse.
Animals are all born in nature, they should live their life in wild too.
As soon as they were put in the cage, they could not play freely.
It is bad for the animals to grow up.
Compare this two opinions, I go along with the second which we can not do it.
Because animals are like us that they should have their own lives and hobbies.
In conclusion, I think we must protect the environment to make a good home to animals, and then they will not die quickly.
In today's society,More and more urban cont-ruction relies on migrant workers.According to a survey,17 from Guangzhou,16% from Beijing,12% from Chongqing,11% from Dongguan,20% from Shenzhen,24% from Shanghai......In the big cities,Many men work on construction sites.While many women work as dishwashers in restaurants or babysitters for city dwellers.There reasons,in my mind,can account for this social phenomenon.
First and foremost,the limited land can no longer produce enough crops for an ever impressing rural population.In the second place,there are far more opportunities in big citys-rural labors dream of earning money through hard work.Last but by no means least,many of them want to live permanently in big cities,because they admire the way of living there,and wish their children to receive good eduction.
I firmly believe that if we try our best to create a healthy social atmosphere,rural labors will make greater contribution to our nation.
Since ancient times, Great men often start from the little things.
The ancient said, a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Only to do well in small things, we can do big business.
But now, some people is not willing to do small things, great things can't accomplish.
Such a person must be without a single success.
Please don't refuse small things.
It's very important to pay attention to every detail, because it's key factor to success.
We should have a down-to-earth spirit.
To do everything from small things can be successful.
Without river and oceans cannot be formed small streams.
It's good for a person to have great ambition, but he can't get the highest level in one step.
He must walk step by step, to do prepare for the future, we would like to do everything, and finally achieve success.
Now,mobile phone is the best comunications in our life,many people can use phone all day,and even in the evening , it's become the serious question distubring our lives,and we should do something to change it.
When people walk on the road ,they often look phone to see their friends's message .as a result ,they often fall themselves down ,and will become other people's talk topic .so I think when people walk on the road they should be careful and should be focus on the public facilites in the road .and know how to use the phone in the correctly time.
Using mobile phone is a model behaviour ,but we should use it correctly .using ccorrectly will be good for our life ,but contrary will go ill with our life .
The meaning of the life is to have a dream.
Having a dream, there is the direction.
On the way to the dream, you will meet much trouble, at the same time, you will gain some precious.
They are success and glory.
Sometime, I specially admire the person who has dream.
Because I think they are the happy people who have idea where they want to go and what they want to have.
Maybe they have doubt that they are wrong.
But they adhere to the dream at last.
They don't confuse their life.
For the person like them, it is much easier to be successful and gain glory.
Life like a travel.
Dream is the end of the way.
On the way to achieve your dreams, you will encounter many difficult.
Finally, the success comes along, the glory is in the train of success, and you will have a feeling of happiness.
In your life,you may meet millions of people,someone leave,someone stay,or just a passer-by.Actually,l believe that someone important will stay in your heart deeply and forever.For me,that's my mother,the one gave me life and teaches me how to conduct myself.
Since I was born,my mum has cared me for 18 years.Though I was very naughty when I was a child, my mother always forgave me.
But she also told me what could be done and what couldn't be done.
With the time going by, I'm not a thoughtless girl any longer.
With the help of my mother, I become a qualified student in school and a kind daughter in family.
I love my mother who gives me life and a warm home to live in.
I love my mother who leads me to a bright and right way in my life.What's more,she makes me be independent of everything,and be a good girl who can control her emotions,face the troubles and never give up.
Maybe,she isn't prefect,wise or rich,but there's no doubt she is the most important person in my life.She just like the air and water which I cannot live without them in my lifetime.And I will love her,treasure her with my life.
"Every student was talk their dream with a light in their eyes.But it is no longer a simple problem when we grow up.
Although I have studying the Faculty of Journalism in collage,I want to be a store manager of snack store.So I want to be a journalist firstly.
It is necessary for me to make career planning.
First step:Feankly speaking,I don't want to waste the knowledge what I got.As a journalist,on the one hand,it is a profession which abound in newness and stimulate;on the other hand,journalist usually haven't breathing space regularly.Even,it is a danger at any time and any place when a journalist have a private interview.For a graduate,I think it is important for me to accumulate social experience,by the way, fund is a key.Meanwhile,as a young people,I look forward to adventure,so,I decide to be a journalist three or five year first.
Secend step:I also want to run a snack store in a beautiful city,small but fine.I can sell spring roll,hot dog,the fruit drink and so on.I am my own boss,running own store,in this way, I will have more freedom,for example,regular rest,free work time and no control by others.Most important of all,I really like cate and want to let people taste the most delicious snack.
Where there is a will,there is a way.We will see different view what we can't predict when we on the way of life.In short,no matter what I become,I believe I will do well if I love it,I will commit my life to my career,because it is becoming my dream now.
The trend of globalization is a distinct characteristic of our time.
Globalization has brought us mutual benefit on economy, cultural exchanges between the east and the west.
However, with this trend, we also face cultural challenges when western cultural dominates mainstream values.That might seem our young teenagers celebrate western festivals more than our traditional ones.
We are familiar with Easter, Halloween, but we don't quite know about Double Ninth Festival, the Cold Food Festival.
Cultural invasion is increasingly serious.
It's time to preserve our traditional cultures.
In China shopping malls are always on sale during festivals.
It helps people to know our traditional cultures better.
Besides at some historical places like Longhua temple, Yu Garden in shanghai, more traditional celebrations can be held, which contribute to further understanding of traditional cultures.
Globalization should give an easy access to the rest of the world rather than cultural extinction.
Diligence is universally recognized as a virtue.
There are numerous references to its advantages in the Bible, and great people talk about the importance of diligence to achieve success in every area of life.
I remember the experience that I won the second prize in the speech contest which happens like yesterday.
I had never taken part in such kind of competition.
Therefore,I must be well prepared for it.
The tune of every word ,the gestures,the expressions and so on were considered.The day was approaching and I felt so nervous that I couldn't memorize one word.
I practised again and again.
I tied my best to win the contest.
Finally,the championship fell on me as expected.
Diligence has a lot to do with simply devoting time and effort to something.I believe that we will gain success as rewarded as long as we work hard.
Reading books plays an important part in our life.
It teaches us how to get life colorful and get along with someone well.
But many persons do not know the importance of reading book in society.
So they do not like reading book.
In my point, I think that reading books is important to me.
On the one hand, it can increase our knowledge so that we can get life better.
On the other hand , it is a window that we learn about world.
In addition, we can also get a good jib .
Now, we are faced with many challenges.
So we must be full of knowledge to face challenges.
Reading book is good to us, and it can make a better man.
Nowadays hot discussion has been aroused over the problem whether the theoretical knowledge people have learned at universities contribute to their success.
Some people never attribute their achievements to the education, while others speak highly of the knowledge that people have learned.
As far as I concern, the later idea holds me better.
The first group argues that most of people's daily jobs have nothing to do with the courses which they have taken in their universities.
Even though some people's work and courses are the same kind, they also have to study lots of new things to satisfy their jobs during the work.
Even the first idea is considerate, there're also many unsatisfactory points to be discussed.
As we all know, several necessary elements are required on the way to the success.
First of all, without a diploma, a good job is never available.
Also, the importance of social relationship is well known.
After all, the ability to solve different kinds of problem is formed during our daily learning at universities.
Perhaps the courses we take seems not unnecessary, but they trained our brains to think about problems that we come across in the correct and various ways.
Considering all the things we talk about above, we can easily come to the conclusion that the theoretical knowledge people learned at universities is necessary for them to reach the success.
We are going to develop a foreign language training.
learn foreign language.So we hope to gain more orders from exporting.
The course will be started on Saturdays and Sundays.
My school is located in Qinhuangdao, a beautiful seaside city.
If a foreign friend of mine is coming to visit my school, I would take him to see library, the building of engineering, the river of tang and so on.
But the most interesting place that I would like to take him to see is the thinker square.
In the morning, there are always some students doing sports to keep healthy.
And there are also many students reading books and English aloud.
IN the evening, there is not only some students skating but also someone walking and chatting with their friends.
And the square is really clean in the ordinary.
So we can really be relaxed when walking in the square.
My friend won't be disappointed in it.
Fast food,akind of west food ,is very popular in China now.people ,especially children and teenagers ,like eating fast food.
But why it's very popular?Here are four reasons.First of all,fast food is convenient and it saves our precious time.I think it's the primary reason.Second,you can not only eat at fast food store,but also pick up them and come back home to eat.Third,almost all of the fast food stores are clean and make customers feel good.Maybe that makes fast food popular.
But fast food has less nutrition.And it's bad for your health if you often eat it.So,in my opinion,we could eat fast food if there is no time.And just eat it once in a while.Children should eat fast food as less as possible.
To increase creativity, you need to do two things.
First, you need to encourage it.
Second, you need to train your brain.
Start on both of these right now, and you can experience greater creativity today.
Encourage creativity and you'll increase creativity.
This is true of most things you want to see more of in your life.
Encouragement can work wonders.
First, by paying attention to it.
Your subconscious mind tends to give you more of what you pay attention to.
If you ignore the creative aspects of your life, you are telling your subconscious that they are unimportant.
If you consciously note when you are creative, and you look for opportunities to be creative, your subconscious mind will start feeding you more creative ideas.
Look for it and you'll find more of it.
Another way to encourage and increase creativity, is to write your ideas down.
If you do this regularly, you'll notice that you often start having more ideas the moment you start to write.
A so-so idea may normally be forgotten, but by writing it down, you may remember it, your subconscious works on it, and it can transform into something very creative.
You can also encourage greater creativity in yourself by putting creative ideas into practice.
If you paint or write, for example, try anything new.
Even just driving a different route to work to see if it is quicker can help.
The point is to get you mind working outside of its regular patterns.
Just changing your surroundings can encourage creativity.
If you want more creativity in your love life, go hike up a mountain with your partner.
If you write, try sitting on a roof to write.
If you need new ideas for your business, take a notebook to the park and sit by the duck pond.
A change of environment can get your brain out of it's ruts.
If you want to dramatically increase creativity, develop creative habits of mind.
Watch a good comedian and you'll see that she has trained her mind to look for the "different angle" on everyday things.
You can train your mind to do the same.
Challenge assumptions, for example, until it becomes habit.
The question suggests other creative solutions, like finding ways to make more money off existing customers, or ways to cut expenses.
These may lead to more profitable ideas.
Challenge assumptions to increase the creativity of your solutions.
As you drive to work, randomly choose anything around you and ask how it may be connected to whatever problem you are working on.
A helicopter overhead might make you think about a way to track where the car goes when you loan it to your kids.
A palm tree may lead to a new design for patio umbrellas.
The above techniques are called "Assumption Challenging" and "Random Presentation," and are two classic creative problem solving techniques.
There are dozens more.
Train your brain to habitually use these, and provide it with a little encouragement, and you really can increase your creativity.
I have always wanted to be a volunteer, because volunteers can be unconditional help anyone, as long as you want, you want to, then you can become a volunteer.
One day, the weather is sunny.
I depart from school to go shopping.
On the bus, my friends and I noisy, and God will test us a later.
After arriving at our destination, I walk while chatting with friends, to see that old woman fell to sit down on the ground a short distance away, next to several person close to close on the sidelines, I took my friends goes.
I want to hold the old woman stood up and walked over and then, but the person are object me to help the old man around.
Obviously, they are resisted those who use the moral heart above money.
I decline their offer after, or the old man will be lifted up.
The old woman very thank me, didn't do bad things.
The people are very suprise for this normal way.
Now I want to say is, although some unethical behavior makes our moral quality to decrease a lot of, but we cannot do without a moral person.
We and the people who need to be helped is identical, you only have to provide assistance to others, others will help you or your family.
Try our best to be a volunteer.
Everything is connected, so we're going to do everything.
Nowadays, volunteer work has become a buzzword all around the world.
Even in many schools, it is regarded as a key requirement of the education process.
Each student would have to follow such "mandatory volunteerism" programs and spend around 30-40 hours on community services just in order to graduate from their schools.
As a result, there is a hot debate surrounding the idea of making community service mandatory for students.
Some people feel that making someone volunteer defies the spirit of volunteering.
Others justify their argument for mandatory volunteering by stating that it has introduced to the youth the rewards of volunteering.
From my point of view, I totally agree with this program because the move will not only improve the students' responsibility, but also enhance their personal development.
Mandatory volunteering, which aims at training students to be selfish-less citizens in the community, is a wonderful part of school that all the students will get a benefit from.
To start with, it makes students take the initiative to find a volunteer position and then to manage their schedules to fit in time each week.
Thus, students would have serious dedication to a task and stronger sense of responsibility as well.
Secondly, with a little extra push by this program, students begin to learn those important life skills which are needed not only in the workplace but throughout one's whole life.
For instance, I have served as a volunteer in Li Huili Hospital and helped the cancer patients there.
During the course of volunteering, I discovered a great joy from helping those patients.
Providing them with company and care, I realized that breaking the monotony of their lives was infinitely more important than the two or three hours taken out of my homework time.
Without this program, I would not have found the rewards of volunteering.
Finally, mandatory volunteering also helps to fill in the space where volunteers are needed.
Without mandatory programs, places such as the hospitals, local festivals, and charity events would all be much emptier.
Our society needs these volunteers, and if giving the students school credits ensures that the demand is met, it is a worthy sacrifice.
In conclusion, mandatory volunteering creates a world of good.
It provides students with needed life skills, fills the void in volunteering programs, and allows students to discover the joys of volunteering that most would not realize.
Now China 's English study of hot have two variety differ opinion.So student English newspaper is host of the discussion.And some of student think that should give English study power.
The reason is that study technology ,the good of international communication understand the east cultural .But,other students think the English study spend most of money,and then the result is down ,the study is nothing to the future,and the main for exam .
In my opinion ,the English study is have the good and the bad,we should two viewslook the question.
Looking at the picture, we can see an American girl wearing a traditional Chinese costume with smiling.
It looks so beautiful that we couldn't find there is anything wrong with her.
As the increasing of community between each country.
More and more peoples from other countrie know Chineses cultures now ,and we awear theirs,too.Our tradition had been accepted by each other.
for us effort so many years.Meanwhile,as a Chinese we should never forget our country.
To develop our economic,we should open our door to accept the international cultures.However ,we should remeber we are Chineses.Our culture is as good as theirs,we should try our best to let it become international,too.China has 5000 years old history.Our culture is not only colorful,but also amazing.
When we learn the cultures from other countries,we also have the responsible to tell them about ours.How can we just trace theirs with lose ours?
In 2008 the Olympic Game was held in Beijing.
There are many buildings built for holding it.
They are all very famous.
However, there is no doubt that the Bird's Nest is the most famous and important building of them.
It was set at the north of Beijing.
The Bird's Nest covers about 258,000 square meters.
And it can let more than 90,000 viewers watch the match during the Olympic Games.
Just as it was named, it looks like a big bird's nest that is made by branches.
And it costs about five years to build this great building.
It was started in December of 2003, and it was finished in 2008.
Although it cost a long time to build it, it was worth to.
It was not only beautiful but also useful, and it has many abilities.
During the Olympic Games the Bird's Nest could hold many sports, such as track and field.
Football games.
And after the Olympic Games it can also hold other huge activities.
There were many advanced technologies used to make it environmental protective.
lost much of hearing could help he concentrate on his experiments.
His first invention was the automatic telegraph repeator.Before that, he already became an expert on the telegraph.Thanks for Edison's invention.
His second invention is electric vot recorder.
When he was thirty he bult an invention factory .
It can made he and his business partners could concentrate on invention .after he improved telephone,he created phonograph.It made so much money to him.
In 1882 Edison bult first electric power station in the word It made New York people can use electric in life.
created TV ,computer,and space travel.
Edison died in 1931 after he died , so many American people made lights dark to mourn the famous inventor .
I think Edison is a great inventor.
he use his life to created what can made people life confortable and help science improving things .He work hard and don't drop.He is a have determination people.
He didn't fear any difficult and he could face up to it .I think we should learn from him.
I read the book on the strengh of my teacher's recommendation.
Frankly speaking,it is difficult for me to make out what he is saying without translation.
It took me 3 hours to skim the book .As we all know,this book with very high quality.
I like Chinese classical literature,so I am strange to type of writing for foreigners.
Owing to cultural difference, we have different thinking modes.But his idea has benefited me a lot.
confident as a creative thinker .That is an exciting book.
He talks about many interesting problems in the book.Some points I have ever never related to the creative thinking.
reading makes a full man,conference a ready man,and writing a exact man.
A broad meaning of love, friendship, affection, love can be......May person are the most amuse is the love?
That I may desire to talk about love.
Love is the most pretty words, how many person are struggling in pursuit, sometimes person see love is more crucial than life.
Love is perhaps the first fall in love at first sight when the feeling of heartbeat, maybe love is trust when I go in terms of thick and thin together, maybe love is the feeling......Love is also the subject that does not say.
When you have a love of a person, your heart is fear and anxiety, do you not realize each other's feelings, you have to hide their feelings, because are you a reserved person.
Maybe you love is your heart 's a shadow, you put on him a piece of cloth of dream, do you not want to wake up in a dream with the illusion, lingers, turned, when you know each other's feelings, everything is clear, because you have walked out of his shadow, his coat is not gorgeous,can you embrace love also have lost their luster, your life into grey.
As long as the heart of light, the world would not have the dark.
When others need assist, reach out your hand, put the love spread out, with the light to illuminate the others, let beauty in relay transmission.
Outside the window, the wind is blooding strongly.
The huge wind reminds the kind old guard of our community.
During my life in the senior school, I go to school alone by bike.
In my third year, I have to go home at 9pm because of the request of school.
He waved his hands with a bright smile on his face, which made me feel so warm on my way to home, especially in the winter.
With the seasons changed, it became colder and colder at night, and the night got darker and darker.
But the old man seemed to wait for my coming back every night.
He turned on the flashlight, lighting the road ahead.
Though he felt cold, covering himself with clothes tightly, he still smiled, saying hello to me.
Meanwhile, I saw so much white water vapor appearing in the night.
Currently, I have gone to a new place.
I still remember his smile though I have no chance to meet him.
Maybe he just thinks it's his duty to do so.
His act really brought warmth to my heart in the cold winter.
Kindness hides in the details.
Dear Mary, I'm glad to know that you're going to our school, however,The Fourth Middle School is around the mountains, view is a very beautiful or students friendly middle school .
The No 16 Middle School covers an area of about 20000 kilometers and has populations of over 2000.
The more school at ZunYi county.
It's pool and out school, but it have kind teacher, him can make you happier, it has a big house at school in centre, school south is XiangShan .
I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun there.
I am L and I am a student who study at you home in the USA.Now,I just come back my home to have a rest.However,I have forgot my dictionary in your house.Please send the dictionary to me.
The dictionary is important to me because it is the first present which my wangshin give me .the dictionary maybe at the bookshelf in the badroom,it is easy to find.I hope you will send me the dictionary quickly.Don't worry about the postage,I will pay the money myself.
I wish you will have a great time.
Nowadays,more and more people want to go to big cities,in which they think can find good jobs and have better lives.However,some problems arise in this case.
One obvious problem is that the cities become more and more crowed.This will lead to traffic jam,lack of housing,unemployment rate increase and so on.What is more,the city environmental pollution,such as the air pollution,the water pollution and the noise pollution,will be more serious.Last but not least,the interpersonal communication will be more difficult.People won't even know their neighbour's name.
Along with the emergence of the phenomenon ,more and more people who live in the cities now prefer to live in the suburbs because of the good environment and no noise,unless there is some improvement.
Some days ago,I witnessed a traffic accident.I will write an eye-witness account about that.I can guarantee what I will say is what I saw.
It was a sunny Sunday morning.It was about 9 o'clock when I was walking with my dog.
Recently, more and more cities are facing pollution problem.
When it comes to pollution problem, air pollution is considered an urgent problem that needs to be solved.
There is no denying that the use of burnt fuel aggravates air pollution.
As far as I'm concerned, one way to solve air pollution is to employ clean and green energy, such as solar energy.
Firstly, solar energy is a clean and green energy which can take the place of gas.
As we all know, when people drive vehicles, they need to use gas.
And burning gases will produce a large of carbon dioxide.
On the contrary, clean energy won't produce polluted automobile exhaust, which to a great extent decreases the air pollution.
Secondly, solar energy is cheap and available.
It isn't limited by places and it's easy for people to adopt.
There are kinds of energy, however, solar energy is a renewable resource.
Compared to other energy,therefore, solar energy is the better choice.
In a word, one way to deal with air pollution is to employ solar energy.
It is not only friendly-environmental but also economical.
So I strongly hope that use of solar energy will be prompted and more new clean energy be exploited.
Today I want to share my opinions with you.
No, I think is politeness.
Every day, when I get up, I usually smile at my parents and say good morning to them, because I think if we want to be a good student, we should respect our parents first.
We are not only to be a filial child but also to be a good student.
I think our class is like our family.
When I feel bad they will give me hope at first time, so every day morning, when I meet them I will give them a big hug,when they help me I will say thanks,because I think they are one of the most important person in my life.
January15 afternoon,we had a football match in the NanKai Middle school to play against the Yaohua Middle school.
We prepared much for the match .
Because it was cavery important for us .
The first half , I was the qualifying GK and I sealed up 4 shoots at the goal.It was my first time to miss no ball in the GK career.
I was very excited.
The second half ,WuBoyang was the GK and he also sealed up some some goals.He was my 'football teacher' and very excellent.
At last,the score is 0:0,the penalty shoot-outs began ,we lost by 4:3.
That was a glorious defeat because football is all of my life.
With the rapid growth of China's economy,the quality of our lives has been considerably changed.
From then on,happiness has become a focus of attention.
As an old saying goes,"happiness is the source of creation".
From my perspective,happiness depends on our working efficiency,no matter, writer,reporter and teacher etc.
If you dismay,your life is affected.
Happiness is an easy way.
We can listen to music,read books and talk something with your friends.
The most important is to grasp now.
As a roll,we think too much.
We care about what other people think of us, the comparison will make us lose happiness.
How successful life will be depends upon job,friends and such factors as happiness.
Everyone has different means with happiness.
Someone thinks,if I have enough money,I will be happy.
While others think that they don't care about material satisfaction, but only on the spiritual satisfaction.
I believe that happiness is not only material satisfaction is always the spirit of the meeting.
In a sense,without happiness,it would be difficult to imagine what modern life will be like.
To sum up,happiness is the major problem to be solved to make our world a better place in which to live.
