Friendship is produced because you want a helper and he is willing to be an assistant.
Friendship is estranged because it has served both of your purposes.
The fact that a friend can become an enemy is demonstrated by the historic nature of friendship.
So when your friend don't understand you, don't be sad.
What you should do is to cherish the friendship that once existed between you and your friend, and be grateful to him.
With his help, I overcame the difficulty and became a college student.
I could not express my thanks in words, because he did too much for me.
He told me that he felt happy to light a path for me and wished me to have a brand-new future.
I was lucky enough to have such a good friend.
I love and respect him.
In my heart, he is ray teacher, ray father, and above all, my best friend forever.
Life is a bouquet, friendship is the flower.
Born in a notable family, he was paid more attention than other ordinary people.
Since he was a child, he was forced to do what he disliked, such as taking photos smiling, behaving pleasing in front of the public.
Years had passed, and the boy was already 14 years old.
In accordance with his father's advice, he ought to go to a high school and receive a normal education, but he could never followed anyway.
"No, you don't.
said his father.
"But I don't like the normal education at all.
I wouldn't study at school like that.
The boy shouted with anger.
The father kept in silence, for it was the first time his son shouted at him, he felt he behaved like a mature man.
"I want to learn music.
The boy answered calmly.
For the first time the father begun to think the way of the way of treating his son, another time, he hesitated for a moment.
Yes, I know of course.
But I like music.
I enjoy the course when I listen to music, when I play music.
No matter how difficult it would be, I would persist.
I hate the way of doing what I was told to do.
I hate the life of no passion.
It's life.
"Oh, I am so happy now.
The boy continued.
"Oh, my boy, you've grown up.
From now on, I would't prevent you from making your own choice any more.
Everyone has a dream and only he himself can find it.
Now you succeed.
"Hahahaha-" There followed a hearty laughter.
As we foreknow, with the development of science and technology, shopping through media is common.
You may be helpless smiling.
You get used to that life.
People around you are also getting used.
On the one hand, shopping through media has lots of advantages.
First, it is convenient.
It can rescue we lots of time.
Because we can shop at home.
We can shop in classroom, buses and everywhere you wanted with our phone.
Second, we cannot purchase the things that we lack though one supermarket even one city.
We do not accept so much time from one city to another city just for buying one thing.
But we can purchase all things we wanted by shopping through media.
On the other hand, shopping through media also has many disadvantages.
The beauty in TV always said that things was health and this things was also health.
We believe.
We purchase.
Nevertheless there something is not so good as we realize.
That things we cannot touch, smell, taste.
We cannot determine that what she said is right.
In my proposal, shopping through media is better.
I like shopping through media.
It saves time, and the liberation of the Indoorsman Indoorswoman who doesn't like shopping.
Shopping through media expresses delivery.
The convenient of modern life thus.
It can salvage much time.
I like shopping through media.
When I was a little girl, my parents found it difficult to cope with childcare and work at the same time.
Therefore, my grandma began to take an active part in bringing me up.
She delivered care, protection and education that person needs most in childhood.
As a matter of fact, it is beneficial not only for me and my parents, but also for grandma herself.
Grandma's involvement in childcare meant I had an additional source of love and care.
On my birthday, I always receive another "mystery present" from my grandma such as a new pretty sweater she wove.
And whenever I have done something wrong and was punished by my father and mother, I can turn to my dearest grandma for comfort.
Grand-parenting can also ease my parents burden.
When grandma gave me a night off by baby sitting, she gave the busy couple a much-needed break from the daily stress of full-time work and parenting.
Grandma herself may also benefit a lot.
It is tremendous fun for her to watch my eyes sparkle as she talking about interesting stories in family history, or what my mother was like when she was my age.
She feels the life more fulfilling when she took part in my education, such as bringing me to swim, to read or to dance.
It is definitely the right approach that my grandma and parents both are involved in raising me, as I get more love, my parents were relieved from heavy workloads, and grandma found life more meaningful.
Graduatiao for us,is no longer far away.For after graduation,what to do, I also began to think about now.
I often ask myself, whether to go to which city.
To live and work in big city and small city I also have some imformatiao.
According to the data collection, I live and work in a big cities and small cities there are some advantages and disadvantages of each.
In big cities, Traffic in large cities, on the one hand, the life convenient, on the other hand leisure places and more at ordinary times, life is rich and so on.
But in the big cities the air is not good.
The air is very good in the small and medium-sized cities.
In view of the above I understand, I still like to live and work in a big city.
Because I like people populated place, also like the leisure.
I want to challenge myself, and so on.
At the same time in a big city life.
sales volume slower than solo.So I think the solo is the best product.
If I were the mayor of GuangZhou.
I will not use a lot of money to do some useful and unnecessary things.
I will pay more attention to the traffic problem.
I would make full use of my professional skill and intelligence to make a contribution to the development of Guangzhou.
As we all know, Guangzhou is a prosperous city with a large population.
As a matter of fact, the transport system can not provide enough help in the rush time.
Especially the line 3 of the subway.
It is serious crowd all the time.
The same situation of the bus.
We are constantly struck in a traffic jam at rush time.
It is serious obstacle that prevents people from arriving in the place on time.
It definitely influenced people's daily life.
So I will send more traffic police to direct the traffic in order to prevent some traffic accidents, input more bus in the busy route.
Meanwhile, we should plan to expand road capacity and the intelligent transportation systems equipment.
Of course, it will spend so much time to design.
The above mentioned it just a part of the reason cause the traffic heavy.
And the other is parking problem.
With the development of the society, most people has their own car, but some time they can not find the parking lot or the cost of park is too high.
So they would rather found somewhere to parking.
So I will plan to increase the number of parking spaces and try to cut down the fees of parking subsidies.
Maybe I am not the best mayor, but I will try my best for Guangzhou.
I hope the problem will be solved in the near future and our home will become better and better.
I would like to introduce my classmate Huang Yunxia.She comes from ShanDong province.She was born in YanTai and grew up at that beautiful city.There are three people in her family and both her father and mother are loved her.So happiness they are.When she was a student in high school.She was working hard in English so that she always got good grades.Unusually,her math is also very well.In her spare time,she has many hobbies such as chat with friends ore swim at the pool.Now Huang Yunxia has become a student in USU and thinking about to get the Master's degree.She decide to spend more time in English which could help her to learn more about the world.
Along with the development of society are faster pace,due to all kinds of social facors, times require us constantly learning progress.The idea of intent is good,but at the same time,lead to some unreasonable policies come up,for example, exam-oriented education college entrance examination policy.It is for this reason,many freshmen dong nothing all day long after they enter into the university.
I do not think this is a good phenomenon, If you don't take this issue seriously words,it is very likely to influence your own future development.So we must take the problem seriously, first we must have a positive attitude, we must have a single heart longing for the future.Then try to let ourself busy, whether course or community activities, we all should actively participate.
Because once busy, some boring mood will be reduced, at the same time you will feel the value of time.
Gradually, we will feel sufficient,then we can pinpoint their interests and to walk in the future.
So you in the course of study will have power, when you learn to have power and goals, you will go higher and farer, have a bright future.
The learning process is full with difficulty,but once we pass the difficulty, so to meet our will is a bright future, so if you want us to have a bright future, so work hard.
decrease, maintain, or increase body weight.
Transformed into the Chinese , the"diet"means isn't original intent-and now, dieting often be used only eat a little instead of the original intention.
Accordingly, people eat little foods for losing weight, conversely, people don't notice like this is harmful to human.
It has been proved that if one begins to eat less to keep slim, he or she will be much weaker than those who don't.
Young people's bowels must work in an orderly every day.
If 20-year-old girl eats less than what her body needs, her metabolism will slow down because there is not so much food to be digested each day.
As a result, this young girl will become both physically and mentally slow as a 40-year-old one.
Therefore, dieting refers to an unhealthy behavior caused by obesity.
Going on dieting to lose weight not only failed to successful weight loss, even if successful, it could be harmful to health.
Initially, food is extremely important on the human body.
It is one of the continuation life of the material.
If people don't eat food for three days, they will die.
In this modern society, people need to be very energetic to face severe competitions in their study or work.
Dieting will surely reduce their energy and in turn affect their lives badly.
The pressure of dieting can not always be controlled through ignoring the emotional factors.
Moreover, Physiologists think that the diet result is the body lack of nutrition, such nutritional lack, so that more and more serious damage to brain cells, and the direct result is the influence of memory and intelligence.
Dieting longer and losing weight could cause body more serious on the memory loss.
However, we don't be naive though.
Losing weight is a marathon, not a sprint.
Dieting is not a good way to people.
When people start to diet, they may feel hungry and have strong desire for eating.
It may cause people to eat more.
Thereby, people would increase their weight.
To summarize, it is not possible for decreasing fat through dieting.
Conversely, dieting makes people fat.
I believe that dieting is not advisable for most people, except for those who are told to do so by doctors.
Actually,this is the universal phenomenon in today's society.As the economy developing,every younger wants to earn more money so they all want to work in the developed city,which leaves the older at home.As time passed,almost all of the younger leave their hometown and this is the reason that cause the above phenomenon.
abandon them in order to chase the success.No matter how busy we are,we should spend more time accompanying them.Everybody's life is too short to imagine,so don't make yourself regret.Don't be aware of cherishing our parents until you lose them because this is meaningless.
In short, we just have one father and one mother,please cherish them and spend more time staying with them.
As a cultural-exchange envoy,I'm here in China now,living with my Chinese friend.Things have been going great.I've met many Chinese teenagers.Everyone is so friendly that makes me feel like at home.Some of them have become my close friends now.
Through these days,I've been studying with my Chinese friends and doing sports together.I visited places of interests in Beijing and watched Peking Opera.From those I learnt a little about Chinese history.I've always been curious about it.I also tried Chinese food.They are really awsome.
Here in China,we are celebrating the Spring Festival,which is reguarded the most important festival by Chinese people.We ate jiaozi and light firecrackers as a tradition.
I've fallen in love with life in China.It is such an incredible expeience that I wish you can be here.Let me know if you want me to pick you up any souvenirs!
Now, we just spent the summer vacation.
Many students take part in the social practice, more and more students to be worker.
They went into a restaurant to work or to enter the factory practice.
With the development of the life more and more good, I think many students are lack of social experience, this experience is valuable lessons for them, we should catch this opportunity, this experience helps ready for us to enter society.
In my opinion, I think the college students should take part in social practice.
This can not only exercise their body but also exercise their minds, You can experience the hardships of life.
In the process of practice, you can know about how to do it.
However, social practice can make some problems, for example, the social practice may bring security issues, some students may be injured in the process of practice, and some students spent much time.
This will affect their learning, so, if we can make good use of experience of social practice, It will have great help to us.
When it comes to left-behind children,l think this is a sociably problem now.
In our state countryside,many parents work out for life,left their children at home,or left their children and grandparents,but grandparents do not care for their children.
For this reason,many children do not grow up happily and healthily,cause many psychological problems.
These left-children do not have parents' care and love, they may feel lonely.
For this problem,so society masses high attention to these children.
A lot of people donate study and daily necessities for them.
Nonetheless fundamental,parents should go home regularly and look after their children.
As a college student,let us donate our benevolence for them.
Now.more and more younger people even elder aults are love to shopping online,online shopping becoming a fashion.but just every coin has two saids,different people make different opinions about it.
some people think shopping online is a good way to shopping,because online shopping is ont only save time and energy but the selection of goods more.So online shopping is more and more popular.
But others don't think so,they think shopping online is easy fall into cheat ,return different and shoes,pants,ect unable to try is if suit.
in my opint,i think online shopping is a good way to shopping.but we need enough experience to protect us,and the government should take the management to online shopping to give us a safe online shopping environment.
Previously only feel that AIDS is very terrible .Watching the video ,I think that life of after AIDS more terrible.
On the one hand to endure pain of torture .
you.Even if your dearest person.
was no one place really accept them.
I don't know those people of poor areas in west Africa ,who rely on what and contiue to live.
can do it.
In past days, we buy tickets in the bus and train station.
But now it is never the same way.
Buying tickets on line or through the telephone is also very common.
Different ways need us to do different preparation.
If buying tickets on line, we need to open an account on line.
But I would like to explain the process of buying tickets through telephone.
First of all, it is obvious that we need a phone and sufficient preparation.
At first, we should know the ID number of the train taker and how many tickets we would like to buy.
But the most important thing is that we should know the train number.
Then we need fix when we would like to take the train.
What's more, we also need to have a pen at hand to write down the code the train ticket seller give in order that we can get train tickets with the code.
When the main preparation is ready, we can call the number 95105105.
The second step is to get through the phone number 95105105 and do as what the seller tell us.
The seller will point out a series of choices which applies for us to choose, for example, the type of train, the kind of ticket.
Then the most significant tip is the ID number, train number and the date.
We must ensure the rightness of these series of numbers, every time end with a number sign.
When the code is given, we need to remember it carefully.
The third step is to go to the train station to get the tickets.
Before stand in line, we need to make clear which sell window supplies this kind of service.
When it's our turn, just give the ID card and the code, of course, including the money.
In addition, we should bear in mind that getting the ticket that we order in advance for 12 days, so it's very convenient and quick.
In order to improve the whole process, we should be prepared for it sufficiently.
Even though we know the process explanation, we need also be careful to every step.
A new system for the English subject in college entrance examination is going to be on trail,which enables students to choose when and how many times should we enter for it by ourselves.For me,I am in favor of the attempt.
When it comes to college entrance examination in China,most of us come up with the concept of'One exam,the whole life'.No doubt,the most important exam in us students' lifetime leads to nothing but enormous stress.Once we fail to achieve a good mark,we will never have the chance again to enter the ideal college.In other words,our future may be ruined.However,if we can take the exam more than once and choose the best result as our final score,we may release the heavy burden.It also helps our score to reach the best standard,giving more equity to the exam.
Moreover,with the sections divided into several parts and each part contained in one single exam,more emphasis can be laid on a certain section,maybe our weak point, before the exam,adding up to the opportunity to obtain a better score.
To sum up,the new flexible examination system is more than beneficial to students and is worth trying.
Hearing one BBC broadcast every day.As for me,I believe that BBC broadcast is the professional and its help is more than watching English movies and English program.
Talking with partners in English on a daily basis.In my view,like designing a project,scaning and printing is necessary.They two make a project complete.So it pays to make English situations with colleagues regularly.Find a fellow and impart with her every day.In this way,our listening and speaking will both result in a higher standard.
After finishing these,if I have free time,then watch an English movie or TV program.Each program must be seen three times.The first time,watch it as usual;The second time,see the film in both Chinese and English sub-stitle.Manage to repeat it.
Look up the new words in a dictionary.The last time,look at Chinese sub-stitle and say English.
Learning English is like building a house.Laying a strong foundation is the first and the most important step.In other words,you should read and speak every day.So,don't be impatient.Take some time to learn English every day.Remember:Rome wasn't built in a day.The above mentioned is my plan to evolve my listening comprehension and speaking.
Last year,I went to Beijing by train.
I had a good time.
There were many sights.
The Great Wall is very beautiful and very long.
I liked it very much.
So I took many photos.
Then I visited Tiananmen.
It was very big.
There were lots of people in it.
Iwent to Beijing Hutong.
The people were friendly to me.
They gave me lots of food.
It was very delicious.
This trip I felt excited.
But I have never been to Xizang.
I will go to Xizang next year.
We warmly welcome your enquiry of April 11 and thank you for your interest in our fireworks and firecrackers.
We are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and price list giving the details you ask for.
Also under separate cover, we are sending you some samples which will show you clearly the quality and craftmanship.
We trust that when you see them you will agree that our products appeal to the most selective buyer.
We can give you appropriate according to the quantity discount.
As to the terms of payment we require Letter of Credit payable by sight draft for the most part.
If you intend to purchase large quantities of it, I promise you, after we have received your order, delivery within half a month.
And price and delivery time guaranteed to your satisfaction.
Thank you again for your interest in our products.
We are looking forward to your order and you can rest assured that we will very carefully.
Please be assured of our continued cooperation.
Amy Chau, the writer of "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother", a chinese borns in America with the honor of the professior in Yale.
The books talk about how she teach her daughter with traditional education.
It is beneficial to us to read the book which including much words.
The ways of education appeal to comments, because most of Chinese mother disagreed with her.
Though her 17 year-old daughter was admitted by Yale and Harvard.
Having noticed the enclosed advertisement in today's "Yangcheng Evening News"that you are seeking several internship as the English interpreters, I should like to apply for such a job.
I am twenty-four years old and male.
I am at present a senior student majoring in International Trade include International Marketing, Negotiation Techniques, International Business Law, the study of Etiquette, Psychology, English for Foreign Trade, English Interpretation, etc.
These courses are of great help for an English interpreter as an intership in the field of foreign trade.
Further-more, I have gained some actual experence in English interpretation over the past two years when I worked as a part-time English interpreter for a few companies in Xiamen.
I do not care much about the remuneration you will offer.
The most important thing I pay attention to is to get an opportunity to put into practice the knowledge.
If you would like to talk to me, I shall be glad to come at your appointed time.
I am looking forward with great interest to hearing from you regarding my application.
Now more and more students likes studying English, for it is the best popular language in the world.
I am one of them too.
Plans are always very essential, so we must make some elaborate and workable plans before study.
For English study, I think study hard is important.
My English study plan is as follows.
Every morning I should read an English article, because of read an English article I can know many new words.
At the same time, it can make me interested in learning English.
I hope that I can improve my English level.
Every day recites ten words, it can make me increase my vocabulary.
I can speak English fluently to others.
Every day I should listen to some English articles, I can learn pure English pronunciation.
In some way, watching English movies is quite necessary, at the same time, listening to English songs.
Try to find some partners practicing oral English together, study together can promote each other.
If I meet some things, I can write it down in English.
I am sure if I stick to do it a long time, I can make big progress in English.
Learning is one thing that is the most important in our daily lives.
In fact, we can learn whenever want.
But people who are old are not fond of learning.
They think learning is too difficult to learn.
For the scenes of people, I have a suggestion: never too old to learn.
So you should study hard before you are thirty years old in case you will have awful future.
If you study hard when you are young, you may successful and get the dream job.
If you don't study hard, you can't be successful and can't have a good job.
Learning is good for your future to a certain extent.
You can't imagine that how many difficulties are behind a famous person.
For example, the president Xi once was a student of Chinese No.
 college.
Anyway, if you are successful in the future, you will appreciate your hard-working on your early life.
Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill was regarded as the greatest politician of England in 20th century.
When Germany invaded Russia in June 22, 1941, Churchill made a speech about this.
At the beginning of this speech, he made his purpose and theme clearly with the succinct summary of his points.
He used lots of writing methods, which made his speech more persuaded.
He showed his steel-willed as a leader with the steely voice.
"The Russian danger is therefore our danger and the danger of the United States just as the cause of any Russian fighting for his hearth and home is the cause of free men and free peoples in every quarter of the globe.
"This sentence showed his justice and his urgent expectation of the world peace .
At the end of his speech, he appealed to all friends in the world to support Soviet Union and defend the Germans.This speech made very forceful repercussion in society and even in the whole world.He got the supports of English and many patriots who love peace in the world.It made very crucial effect on organizing people to fight against fascism.
Dieting often refers to the behavior of having food in an adjusted fashion to reduce, keep, or increase the weight of the body.
Some dieters think that the easiest and most effective way to lose weight in the majority of people is dieting.
However, some researchers claim that dieting cannot lose weight while keeping or increasing fat.
First of all, dieting makes dieters feel hunger and have strong desire for eating food.
Some studies have shown that whether dieters are fat or thin, dieting will make them feel very hungry, and produces a more intense desire appetite for eating food, such as sugar and fat.
When the dieters begin to lose weight, they think that the reducing weight is due to consuming of body fat, which does not affect the body's metabolism.
However, the first reaction of body on the diet was immediately available from the energy to gain energy.
The available the energy reserves immediately in the glycogen.
At the beginning of dieting, decreasing weight is mainly consumed glycogen, and only when the body is adapted to the requirements of the diet, their body begins to burn fat and muscle.
If dieters have successfully suppressed this desire for eating food in a short time, it is very difficult for them to keep this state for a long time.
If dieters cannot control this desire for food, their fat will increase and cannot decrease.
It is contrary to popular belief.
Most of the recipes are unhealthy diets, and are close to malnutrition.
The dieting can force the dieters to do extreme things, which makes the dieters give up their favorite foods, or omit the staple food to lose weight.
The dieting for a short time is an unsustainable practice.
The body right is deprived, which makes the body lose weight.
However, once the body overcomes the troubles, it will adapt.
To conclude, it is not possible for the dieters to decrease their own fat through dieting way.
On the contrary, dieting can cause the dieters fat due to the influence of lots of factors.
Dieting makes dieters feel hunger and have strong desire for eat food, which causes the dieting to fail easily.
The pressure of dieting cannot always be controlled through ignoring the emotional factors.
It is very difficult for the dieters to change their eating habits due to the dieters' own their diet culture.
There is a lot of love around me.For example,my mother always cooks for me.When I get love from them,I always feel happy and thankful.And I think I should do something to show my love.Now I have decided that I will study hard because I think it is the best way to show my love.
Many students ask for advice about how to improve their English, let me introduce some good ways to all of you.
English,an interesting language,is used to interflow.
First of all,you should always speak and writing English in class.
What's more,you should write down your mistakes in your notebook.
It's not only useful but also easy.
Finally,you just need to listen for key words as well as main ideas, it's more important than writing and it's very important for you to learn English.
In a word,you can ask me any questions.
I think you can improve your English and expect you can have obvious advance.
The "Foreign Cultures" newspaper is very popular among us students.
It carries articles written by foreign friends about the cultures of their home countries.
And we would especially welcome articlesabout how Americans spend their holidays and festivals, and the life of American high school students.
You can write anything relevant so long as it's interesting and informative.
 words would be fine.
could we have your article before June 28?I'm looking forward to hear from you.
Recently,Numbers of Ameirican captical and private equity are growing to set up shops in Europe where offers interesting,albeit challenging and opportunities to companies outside silicon valley.These Americans venture captitals are maily interested in their impressive developing in telecommunications and biotechnology which they believe can bring them decent return for their investment.
Most of the Americans venture capitals are carefully targeting their investment in European market.they set up different financing plans for different countries for their diversity in cultures and marketing environments.
As the number of global companies emerging in Europe ,we can see the future trend of VCs is quite promising and clear.Meanwhile,we can not be over-optimistic for there are still some obstacles in Europe which need to be removed.
Spring Festival is a very traditional Chinese festival.Some people say it is a combination of Thanksgiving, Christmas and the new year in western countries.China's Spring Festival from the lunar New Year began, lasted for fifteen days.Preparations usually begin a month before the for date of the Chinese New Year,similar to the Western Christmas.
During the Spring Festival, every family's main colors are red, because red represents happiness.All the family members usually unite at home and enjoy all kinds of delicious food and the warmth of home.Family members also watch the Spring Festival Gala, to the middle of the night at twelve pm,family members will set off fireworks, they are very happy.
This is China's Spring Festival, a happy and beautiful festival.
As is vividly showed in the picture above, there is a teacher and a student standing in the classroom.
When encountering a literature book given by the teacher, the student looks quite unwilling and shocked.
This picture reveals a common phenomenon that more and more students dislike reading literature nowadays.
As we all know,with the development of technology, we use technology to communicate with the outside world, to become informed, and to keep in touch with one another.
An overwhelming majority of students read E-books instead of reading literature,moreover, it will contribute to lack culture literacy.
In the long run, Society will become electronic where not exist in literature.
In my proposal, it is indisputable that reading literature is crucial for us.
In the first place, it can broaden our horizons and enrich our knowledge.
So you may benefit from reading literature.
AS we can see from the picture, people at the dinner table focus solely on their smartphones, showing no interest of having a chat with others as if they were strangers.
This phenomenon that people are more attracted to their smartphones instead people around them, is increasingly common now and even gives rise to a new term for it-phubbing, namely the combination of "phone" and "snub".
A survey shows that most young adults admit that they are more comfortable talking people through the screen, which produces worries among society that smartphones are now robbing people of the ability and, more importantly, the willingness of face-to-face interaction.
I agree that smartphone is a genius invention of our time and it creates a brand new way of entertainment-sending messages, listening to music, playing games and many more functions that we cannot have imagined before smartphone.
Even so, we cannot afford to ignore the downsides of this phenomenon.
Our original intention to invent a phone is to make a tool that allows convenient communication affordable by the general public, but when we have managed to popularize this brilliant invention, only to find that it estranges people from their loved ones.
It is high time that we should put away the phone and shift our attention back to people around us who we care the most.
Nowadays, more and more people swarm into cities,bringing about many problems.
Some issues are very fierce.On one hand ,cities become crowded so that traffic tie up and influence people normal lives.On another hand,the house is another embarrassed problem.Because so many peole in the cities,the price of houses is increased day by day ,which make people have no money to buy the house increatly.What's more ,many peasant workers can not get their salary,so the society security is so poor.
In my opinior,firstly, people should observe the rules which lives in cities.Secondly, the government shoule control the price of house in order to let people have their own house and have a feeling of family.
Today, as the development of technology, people can change their faces by doing plastic surgery, because of the commercial ads, people are highly effected by the exaggerated facts that they can be the shining stars.
So people pay special attention on the outlooks, they want to look perfect, as far as I am concerned, the true beauty is nothing with perfect looking, only the inner beauty makes you shining.
In the fairly tale of Cinderella, the prince chooses the poor girl instead of the beautiful girls, because he admires Cinderella's inner beauty, though she is nobody.
Though it is just a story, it tells people that inner beauty makes one outstanding.
In my opinion,People can make their faces perfect, but there is no way to fulfill their inner beauty by technology.
Inner beauty is the most precious thing, beautiful outlook will fade away with the time, but inner beauty won't, it only getting valuable.
We cannot live without technology.So,it's necessary to develop modern technology.Though the development of modern technology has made people's life more complex and beyond our control,we also can choose our own life.
In my opinion,to us the impersonality of electronic communication has little or no relation to the significance of the matter at hand,we still have right to communicate face to face.Of course,as long as we have enough time to communicate,there is nothing trouble for us to choose our lifestyle.What amazing us is that we can enjoy complex life as well as simple and easy life for one time.What's more,we are supposed to have knowledge of the advantages which modern technology had taken for us.Owing to it,we are living comfortable and convenient life.
To put in a nutshell,I disagree the view that we give up using modern technology.On the contrary,I hope we can use it as much as possible.However,we have to use it in the right way.
In the picture we can see a ragged old man with a thin child in the begging, a man turned away after begging bowls midpoint put a "like".
Here is a sentence: You can do more than clicking 'like.
This picture reflects a phenomenon: now, people see those who are suffering except for sympathy no longer have any substantive action.
They are afraid of being deceived.
, we need to show sympathy for those who are suffering.
But this can't solve their problems, they are still suffering.
We need to do something that we can help them, for example, we can donate them something that they need, such as money, clothing, books, etc.
Perhaps the things which are useless to you but are their most desired.
I'm a new senior high student in Y school.
I graduate from the No.1 middle school,so I don't think the new school is unfamiliar.
My first memory of school is silence,because there was only grade 10 students in school at that moment.My first teacher,Ms Liu is very friendly and enthusiastic.She introduced everything of the school to us.And the girl seated in front of me was my first friend.At first,I thought she was a little shy.but when I talked with her I realised she was lively.
In a word,the new school is great,and the classmates are lovely.
I think I will have a happy high school life.
and I'll bear it in mind for good.
It happened in my junior high school where I knew nobody from the start and didn't do well in the final exam.Not only my teachers but also my parents were worried about me,and so did I.It was at that time that I felt at a loss.Thanks to my decimate,he seemed to have sensed my difficulties.He told me a story about a person who learnt to play chess.He had poor talent but he wasn't afraid of difficulties and practised much harder than anyone else and eventually he reached his goal.I learnt a lot from the story and studied much harder to overcome my disadvantage which contribute to my success.
There is no shortcut to success.Only though hard work can we succeed.
College life is a brand-new beginning of all the freshmen .To make full use of the golden time to improve their abilities thus better fit in society after graduation, nearly all the students have their own plans.
Some students, believing experience plays an essential role in their future career, grasp every chance to take part-time jobs and earn some money,which also help relief their family burden.
But a large number of students still put most of strength into their schoolwork, taking all kinds of tests to gain various certificates,limiting themselves in the campus.
As the saying goes, all roads lead to Rome.
In my opinion, both experience and academic performance count a lot.
For me, I make up my minds to try my best to do well in schoolwork and take some part-time jobs to enrich my experience as well as broaden my horizon.
Nowday, more and more people take civil service exams want become government employees.Most of people think the civil servanth have paid well and imporant a point reason with it every steady.In the case of this and other reaons with take civil servant exams turn so much .
I think that this phenomenon is correct.In our country with a large population, such phenomena as normal.Not only such, such a good job of civil servants is good in today's competitive society.As college students we, no matter whether you go to take an examination of civil service should be to decide on their own future struggle.To understand their own advantages, the interest is there will be more power.
In a word, where there is a will there is a way.Don't blindly follow suit is right, the struggle is king.
Hello,how are you?I am very happy for you letter.Spring Festival is a traditional Festival in China.It Is often in Match.On the eve of the festival,we bought lots of delicious food.We will make a traditional chinese food.It names Is dumpling.I realy like It.In Spring Festival we eat dinner tought,and then we see Spring Festival Gala.Then we sleep in In twelve o'clock.In Spring Festival we can have lots of lucky money that's a fantastic thing.We will very happy today.
In my opinion .Enlish is very important .
Because English is an International lanuage, At the same time ,Learning Enlish we can increase the ability of writing ,On the one hand ,We begin to studying from we are young ,So can study very happy .On the other hand ,We study English can improve the ability of what we are talking about the people who comes from abroad .So ,I realized the importance of learning English ,I must learning carefully and I will give up my parents.
This is certify that Miss Sunsan Hobson in our office as a secretary for two years.
She is honest and work hard so that she is a competent secretary.
She has a good command of English and German, and can speak them fluently.
So she can competent interpertation work.
many years later .I can recall my childhood ,which was filled with happiness and cheerfulness.
I lived on the side of the road and there was a big tree that had a swing .I was used to playing on the swing by myself nightly .I was keen on going back and forth on the swing and I felt I was flying.
I was free as an eagle ,then on through the clouds ,farther and farther until I came to the low again .
Once I tried to catch them ,but they flew away .To my surprise ,all night I dreamed of flying .
Children enjoy blowing bubbles and I was not exception .We frothed up the soap mixture and then blew the colourful bubbles.The bubbles would flew away with the wind and we could raced after them until they broke .Sometimes ,we would hope that the bubbles could fly to heaven and angels would leave a message in the bubbles to us .
Once I recall the technicolor childhood memories ,smile would come to my faces secretly .As a child ,I learnt everything with happiness and interest .And now ,I will do it all the time .
In our life,everywhere can see the pursuit of figure.For example,some people the pursuit of material life,the pursuit of some spiritual yearning,And I is the pursuit of pleasure of the mind,not superior life,material comparison.
Young students tend to like the pursuit of new in order to be different,likes to think of himself than others is a ''high'',So they often buy some brand-name clothing to dress themselves,to meet their own competition mentality.Although not desirable,We cannot blindly denying,opposition and criticism.
In the 21st century today,All over the world in pursuit of fashion.But now the media and so developed,the students psychology of imitation strong.How many students can really do not care about''opening the bodies from''?So,with the pursuit of psychological treatment is right,wrong is not the ability to control.Cannot treat correctly the family economic situation and the reality of their own due to the strong psychological and emotional conflict,And I always do it yourself ,happy to do their own thing,do everything in one's power.
Today,my roommate and I were staying in the room.He was a fan of football match,so he turned on the computer and watched a football match.At that time,I was going over lessons.But he was watching and cheering for his favorite team.The match sound and his voice was getting bigger and bigger.The noise influenced me,so i didn't go over the lessons.The noise made me so angry.So I told him to turn down the sound and keep the voice down.He was so sorry and accepted my advice.
There is a great man in china,his name is Mao zedong.The reason why I want to write a biography of him,because he and I are fellow.
Mao zedong's hometown is Hunan Shaoshan,born in 1893,he had a harbor great ambitions,finally in 1949 established the new china,became the leader of the people's Republic of china.He led the Long March,the AntiJapanese War,the liberation war and other major activities.
< > magazine named him one of the 100 most influential twentieth Century.He is a Chinese pride.It is not only a politician or theorists,military strategist and poet,he made great contribution for the development,Marx Lenin's military theory and literature.
In recent year,due to the impact of the economic crisis,the subject of employment is increasingly concerned by people.
In view of most people,someone who has high academic qualifications will have a better chance to get a good job.
According to the chart data, this view is proved correct.
In addition,we also find that the higher the degree is ,the higher income will be.
For example, those who possess a doctoral degree earn 1,551dollars median weekly.
However,the median weekly earnings of people with the associate degree and below can't reach the average of 797 dollars,ranking from 768 dollars to 451 dollars.
In my opinion,the enterprise administrator need people who can create more economic benefits for the enterprise.
People with a high degree tend to be more intelligent and qualified.
So they have advancements of learning new technology and adapting to stressful work environment.
In generally,gaining education is very necessary for people's life.
It can help us have a better competitiveness compared with others and lead a comfortable life.
As we all know, with the technology of communicating developed rapidly, many a Social Network Site has turned up and becomes more and more popular with people all over the world who have been addicted to the happiness which those websites have brought.
Some people are fond of this kind of website and support its development.
They think Social Networks provide us with a platform which we can use to keep in touch with our family and make contact with our friends whom we have been losing contact with for a long time.
However, every coin has two sides.
Some other people oppose.
Although it is convenient to communicate with people, they think, there are a lot of problems which remain to be done.
The more people use them, the more likely it is that their information will be given away.
Almost eneryone has their own opinion.
Personally speaking, Social Networks are convenient and practical for us to communicate with others indeed, but we ought to use them properly.
We are students, what attaches importance to us is not playing on Social Networks, but study.
Therefore, combining entertainment of Social Networks with study in school, I believe we will learn and live happily and creat a bright future.
With the culture develops.The TV Program become more and more colourful.For example,the weather foreast,serials,film,sport,the news,and so on.
However,my favorite TV Program is the news.There are a few points that are worth mentioning.Firstly,it covers news about important events both at home and abroad.Secondly,it broadcast in the evening,people can use their spare time watching the news.Thirdly,the news it provides is timely and reliable.Watching the news,it not only open our horizon,but also improve our knowledge.Therefore,it is important for me to watch the news.What's more, it is very useful and helpful for my life.Besides,we can realize the foreign information by watching the news.Do you like watching the news?If your answer is yes,let's meet at 7:00 every evening and enjoy it together.
All in all,the news is my favorite TV Program.Watching the news becomes part of my daily life.
On the first day we were born,my parents will give us the name.The name is one of our logo.Our name ofen represent our parents a expect of us.A desire for parents hope we success in the future.
so the name is very important to us.
My name is X,just as its name implies that tend to reprsent their parents hope to have success in the future.
Wei said some great meaning.I quite like my own name.Name is only two words.short and concise.After the good name my parents gave me my name and my life is tied together.She gives me a special meaning.My name is X, I quite like the name.
I don't want to change my name, my name in a certain sense to represent me.An important feature of she belongs to me.I prefer my name.
I hope chinese can know more about different kinds of architectures that including easterns' and westerns'.At the same time,I hope you can connect arting and architecture and the students who majored in civil engineering can creat a lot of brilliant stuctures.
As we all know,if you want to creat someting that can make people paid more attention on your architecture, you must have an open mind on the architectures all over the world.So I advise you appreciate various kinds of architectures.If you only focus your eyes on architectures,you also can't make out a wonderful things,so we should connect different elements with architectures.
Michael Dell's road to success really leaves a deep impression on me.
His great talent and the courage to face the challenges attract me a lot, so I begin to think about the factors of success.
On the one hand, I think the most crucial factor is diligence.
Even if lots of people believe that talent makes up a great part of success, I always prefer to believe that diligence decides whether you can be success.
In fact, one's talent only chooses what you are good at, but can't mean that one can make full use of his talent and achieve success.
However, if you don't have a great talent, for most of us are common people, diligence also gives you another key to open the successful door.
When we read the magazines or watch TV, we always look at the phrases like "a talent painter " "a talent musician " or "a talent engineer ".
It's true that someone may misunderstand the word "talent ".
They may think that those successful people have the abilities to do the special things since they were young, but actually the "talent " means that they are superior in their own areas.
Therefore, we shouldn't overlook their diligence on the successful road and only focus on their talent.
On the other hand, I think passion is also an important factor to success.
Passion is the mind which pushes you to pursue what you want.
Passion is kind of energy in your heart.
Passion is the faith to go through the difficulties.
Without passion, we will feel we are forced to do the disliked things and we lose freedom at the same time.
Actually, successful people throw themselves into their career with great passion, so they can meet the difficulties easier and find the shining points of them.
What's more, their optimistic attitude can make influence on their partners, so their partners can also support them better.
As far as I am concerned, one should depend on himself to success.
Maybe there is someone who know you well or gives you a hand, but you should make it clear that your advantages and disadvantages and well prepare for the challenges.
No one can help you through a life long time, so we should be equipped with diligence and passion to pursue success.
Nowadays, many university students in order to complete the university teacher's work, such as writing, are copying online text, not to write it, become more and more lazy, this is a very serious phenomenon.
Internet plagiarism will cause students abandoned their studies, self-consciousness, learning is becoming more and more lazy, indulge in fun, and the final Nothing is right.
At the same time, copying paper, would infringe on the original.
More importantly, he let you become dishonest, make others trust you doubt.
First of all, plagiarism phenomenon we should strictly deal with the students, give them some severe punishment.
Secondly, the teacher assigned homework should avoid online you can find the answer.
Finally, to complete the work to guide students to consciously.
school of foreign languages student union On december.
th, 2005.
Programs have singing, dancing, recitation, drama, games, etc.
students to attend.
When participants will have special gift.
building, room 308 to receive.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival in China and my Spring Festival is very speical this year.
It came in the middle of February.Compared with last year,it is a little later.
On the eve of the Spring Festival,my father and I pasted the red antithetical Spring Festival couplets on our doors.The family got together for the sumptuous dinner.It is jiaozi that I'm fond of eating the most.After the dinner,what made us enjoy ourselves was the Spring Festival gala which start at 20:00 every year and it's traditional for us to set off firecrackers at 0:00.
We had a good time and the happiness would last forever.
At last,I wish everyone can live happily in the New Year.
Books are the ladder of human progress, and to the question of the study and practice, I think the two or cannot little, reading can enrich our knowledge, broaden our horizons, practice is the sole criterion for testing truth, what we read is to verify through practice, we can not only pay attention to read books rather than practice, also can't practice only and does not pay attention to textbook knowledge, both of which are exchanged.
Some people think that college students should pay more attention to practice, practice is helpful for college students' social role transformation, strengthen its role types of resolving power, role playing sound ability of mentality, the role adaptation ability, practice to improve students' practical ability to work, but personally I think the two are equal, reading books is mainly study theory knowledge, but practice is the application of knowledge.
Must understand in theory to practice.
First, by contrast, to learn the theoretical knowledge and apply it to practice should be a good choice.
As a physicist Galileo, he drop out of school after still dig at maths at home, this experiment provides the foundation for his later.
So I think read is equally important with practice, the two are complementary.
It is universally acknowledged that saving money is a good habit for our students.
However,the point concerning it vary from person to person .
A great number of students hold the view that saving money is a good habit while the rest of them are strongly believers in the claim that using tomorrow's money today is better .
Yet as far as I am concerned ,I believe it that saving money is of great importance .
Foremost ,it is said that saving money is a virtue of the Chinese people.
Only get into the habit of saving money can students gain the basis of good moral .
Besides,the money that we cost is derived from our parents for the reason that we have no income.
Our parents work hard such that we ought to own a higher standard of living ,which in result to keep us from wasting money .
Last but not least, there is no point using such a sum of money as students ,we spend money either on study or food and I firmly believe that" No good today ,no good future".
All in all .
from above reasons we can safety come to a conclusion that saving money is a good habit and I will strongly recommend that students should save for the future ,also ,only in this way can we behave ourselves in a rewarding way .
I had a long holiday of National Day.
I was very happy.
Because my holiday is very fruitful and meaningful.
My home is in the countryside.
In my hometown,National Day means harvest day.
It's very busy.
Nonetheless farmers are very happy.
It's time to earn money.
In the first two days,I help my mother do some housework.
Because my mother didn't feel good.
She had a headache.
She was very trying.
I loved her a lot.
Except helping my mother do some housework, I also help my little brother with his lessons.
Because his results dropped a lot.
I should help him.
In the third day,I began to help my parents do some farmwork.
I had a long time not to do farmwork.
So I was very tired.
I also had a cold.
We grilled corn and cut corn.
My parents done more faster than me.
And they done more than me.
By this,I realized they were very toilful and difficult.
They devote everything to us to make us happy and healthy.
They expect nothing in return.
They are very great.
We should award them a lot.
I had a fruitful and meaningful holiday.
Although I was very tired.
I like my National Day holiday.
Microblog becomes more and more popular these days.It seems that everybody has a Microblog now.
Here are some key reasons why people like Microblog.
First and foremost, microblog allows you to communicate with thousands of people scattered all over the globe.
The youth loves to stay connected and microblog is just another way for us to stay in touch.we can find and creat a hot topic,and then talk about the topic with others online.
What's more,it is really a convenient way.
And our friends can know our recent conditions soon after we release microblogs and give us opinions or leave us messages.Hence,it is a good way to keeping in touch with our friends and maintaining the friendships.
Last but no least,connectivity without restrictions of time and space is a great deal that technology has offered the bloggers.
You can also use cell phone to connect to the microblog.Thus we can stay connected to the blogging universe all the time and then get news and information quickly.
From what I have mentioned above, microblog could surely attract greater numbers of people.
It will evolve more with the convergence of technology, and become a regular part of our lives.
There is a kind of people who is always worried about things going to be bad or be a failure .they are unconfident .in a word .they are pessimistic.
Pessimise would get mang disadvantages of pessimism .Fristly.it makes themself unhappy .Because they don't believe hope and success.second.They would get rid of the courage of overcomeing the difficulties .So it's hard to be be excellent and it will be a ricious spiral .thirdly.due to unconfident.they would not believe others gradually.it makes lose friends and partners.
if you are pessimise.On one hand.you should make friend with positive people and learn their optimistic .On the other .you should do something to make youself to approve self.For example.you could try to help others.it make you feel you are useful .You also could travel.it makes you more love life.if you do it .I bekieve you will be better.
My dreaming destination in Europe is the country which lies in the center of Europe,named Switzerland.
Switzerland covers 41 thousand square kilometers land ,filled with wonderful scene and fantastic creatures.there are 7 million and 5 hundred thousand people live in here.It's capital is Berne,but the most famous city is Geneva,which has many international organizations.That is why some people think Geneva is a independ country.Switzerland has four neighbours.they are Austria,France,Italy and German.
Switzerland is famous around the world as the "World Garden" because of the beautiful scene.That kind of make Switzerland an unbieveble wonderland.
But in the oher hand,Switzerland has quite high level industry in watch making,chemistry and food processing.
Yuan Longping, born in a poor farmer's family in 1930, graduated from Agricultural University of Southwest in 1953.
In his childhood, hunger is a difficult problem in Chinese.So, finding a way to get rid of hunger is his dream.His thinks it is important to increase the output of rice.
In 1947.He became the first agricultural expert about high output of rice planting in the world.According to his research, the grain output expands from4*10^7 to2*10^12 tons.It's mean that China use just 7%of the farmland fed 22% of the world's people.Yuan Longping is now circulating his knowledge in many other less developed countries.He is known as the father of the hybrid rice.
Yuan Longping is satisfied with his left.And he doesn't care about being famous or wealth.He devoted himself to the battle about help people get rid of hunger in the world.
I am writing this email which is want to check some details for next week event.
Please note that we will take part in meeting room on Sunday afternoon in our office.
What's more you should confirm the schedule with security before the event.
Please pay more attention to that Dr. Brown will be late because he has a meeting on Sunday morning.
If you have any questions, please call me as soon as possible.
Wishes all the best.
I am Li Hua,and is a Chinese student study abroad in London.I want to tell you about my require to the host family.I hope you can refer to this.
First house must very comfortable and broad.And the house be located downtown,advantage in transports just can go to places very fast and convenient.Then the master can speak fluently English.Above all the master approach paople enthusiastic,merely and mild.I hope the host family be able to wash my clothes and give cooking for everyone in the family.
This my advices to the host family.
I hope living well in family,with became good friends and learn more something.
Best wishes.
Happiness is the only goal of the pursuit of life, improve well-being is happier.
Life is the pursuit of happiness, the outlook on life is happiness.
Although this problem by philosophers and men of literature and writing were very difficult, in fact, it is easy to solve, "life is the pursuit of happiness" that in itself is the ultimate view of life.
To solve the outlook on life can make your life direction, to eliminate the sense of life astray.
Life Qi error is often thought, the pursuit of the meaning of life of people's happiness is a big barrier.
Personal life rich happy, money earn more, it can guarantee that your material needs.
Love to get is a major factor in the life is happy, it can bring great joy to people, a part of love is the sense of self value.
Nowadays,many college students are facing a problem:on one hand,they want to achieve academic excellence.On the other hand,they are eager to earn some money or learn about society by working.However,it is not easy to combine this two things well all the time.Problems of combining work and college have already aroused students'attention.
Firstly,working results in little time for studying.As a college student,I have a better understanding of this problem through my own experience.When I was a freshman,I took a part-time job out of the desire to increase my pocket money.The more time I spent on work,the less time I had in studying.Sometimes I even left my assignments undone.At the end of that term,since I had not made a full preparation,the scores of the final examination did not give me any satisfaction.
Secondly,college students tend to have little time for enjoying social side of college once they let study take up a lot of their time.For instance,no matter during school or after school,if we only focus on study,we will miss some opportunities to improve our social competence and learn other useful practical skills.
Thirdly,we will have no time for personal pleasures.With work and study filling up the schedule,we will have no time for our favorite TV shows and other entertainments.What 's worse,sleeping late is inevitable ,which is bad for our health.
Based on those problems mentioned above,we can safely draw the conclusion that it is high time that we should make a better arrangement to balance work and college.As far as I am concerned,college should be put more emphasis because we are college students.
Nowadays,with the rapid development of society,the race between people become more and more fiercely.
However,the ideas about how to make themselves be a winner in their competition vary from person to person.
On the one hand,some people hold the view that they should take their effort to be superior to others.They see their competitors as a target.
On the other hand,a great many people insist that being superior to their former self is more valuable.They based on self-improvement.
Only target our former self,can we be far away from puzzlement and be a winner in the rat race.
My first trip was that I was nine years old.
It was summer at that time,my parents decided to take me to the beach.We went there by train and I saw lots of beautiful scenery on the train.My parents was awimming at there but I don't like swimming.So I stay at beach and enjoy the sun.I saw the sea and all kinds of shells at there.
We ate lots of fish and I like eating fishi very much.I enjoy this trip very much,even though I am really tired,this trip made me feel happy very much.
When I was fourteen,I have witnessed a traffic accident that two people was dead.In the spring,the whole incident that told me some truth about traffic rules left one indelible impression.
In the sunny day,when I went to the shopping,I saw two cars on the road.It was a large damage in the front of the car and the other's damage in the middle of the car.The cars' driver already have been send to hospital.
When I have been so much blood on the ground,I was very scared and seemed to have the shakes.
The reason for this accident is a driver disobey traffic rules.He can't stop when red light tell him to stop.So two cars was met and two life were disappear.
Finally,I know we must obey the traffic rules.We should cherish life and don't drink before drive cars.
Hi Mark,my name is L.I am the representative of our school.And then I will you what I think.
I want to form three aspects to open this activity.firstly,cooking culture.Form now on,delecious food is very attractive people.There is no doupt that traditional food can show our culture.Secondly,secondary school education.Different school have different teaching method.We can communicate and learn each oter.Thirdly,language learning experience.Needless to say,we have different language.I support the idea that we can learn language each other.And then we can exchange experience.
This is my idea.In my opinion,this Cross-cultural communication project will succeed.I hope we have a good cooperation.
It's a very cold day.
When I got up, I open the curtain and saw every thing turn white outside the window.
So I want to go outdoors and took some pictures when it shop.
Than the snow stopped, so I went outside with my camera and to took some photos.
All the ways are covered with heavy snow.
So I walked slowly on the road.
Suddenly I saw a man fall down in front of me.
Than I thought it was too dangerous for person to walk on the smooth road.
So I came up with a good idea to solve it.
I went home and took broom went outside.
I went the road where therehas many people walk on it.
And I began to sweep the snow on the ground.
When I finished to clean it, I felt very proud of myself.
And I saw my parents came up to me, than they saw me sweep the snow.
So they praised me, and made me very happy.
There are more and more students using cellphones at school.
This can be one of the problems for every student and teacher.
Different people have different thoughts.
There are some advantages.
If you use phones to learn English, you can improve very fast in English grammar and listening by using phones' app.
When you use cellphones, you can know news at home and overseas.
A coin has two sides.
There are also some people disagreeing it.
Firest, many students may chat online or play games in the classes as they use cellphones.
What is worse, some students even use cellphones in the bedroom after night.
As for me, I think it does not matter for me to use cellphones at school.
It does not depend on whether the phones can be allowed.
But it depends on if the users use it in a right way.
Let us use cellphones rightly.
I'm writing to analyze the sales data and claim a remedy of $1, 000 for one of our important VIP client.
You can see the graphs in the attachment.
Firstly, in page 2, you can see a bar graph which describing the number of profit, expense and income in 2011 and 2012.
Except the operating expense and gross profit, the earning and pre-tax income in 2012 are all higher than 2011.
Although the gross profit in 2012 is a little bit lower than 2011, the operating expense is controlled and fell down.
Secondly, in page 3, the pie graph compares the ratio, we can find the difference is very small, but the pre-tax income margin has grown from 0.20% to 1,00%.
Thirdly, the line graph in page 4 reflects clearly that the sales is increasing year by year since 2009.
We have a stable increasing trend.
It means that the brand of Lenovo is well known to more people.
What's more, we can find more progress in chapter 4, the chart shows the trend of profit and expense from 2009 to 2012.
The operating expense is dropping year by year, and the gross profit is keeping going up, although there was a small decrease from 2011 and 2012, but I think it won't affect our growth trend.
And a similar trend is seen in pre-tax income and earnings before interest,tax, depreciation and amortization.
Finally, the last two pictures introduced the new product we plan to launch, and hope to get more investment.
Then I'd like to talk about the remedy.
A week ago, we sent a second shipment of 100 pieces of laptops.
But no one at that address accepted the shipment.
Mr. Kolin wrote me to claim a remedy for the late shipment because it affected their business, they cannot finish the work on time.
Although it's his fault, Mr. Kolin has kept cooperating with us for years and brought us a large profit.
Next year he will also largely affect the sales.
If he keeps working with us, we will get a large profit greater than $1, 000.
So we can not try to save a little but lose a lot.
Please approve the remedy.
An army of well wishers in San Francisco made a little boy's super hero dream come true.
They turned out in droves on Friday to help 5 years old Miles whose leukaemia is in remission, become Batman for one day.
The Make-A-wish Foundation make it all happen, creating the fictional Gotham City for Miles to save as Batkid.
Even the city's police chief become the commissioner Gordon.
With the help of full-sized batman, Bbatkid fought with evil villains in the series of elaborate capers around town.
He rescued the damsel in distress.
He jailed the Joker behind bar and tackled the penguin .And of course, he rode in the Batmobile.
Saving the world makes you hungry, so the little capped cursader re-energized with a man-size meal.
The day- long event took a life of its own on social media.
And organizers were overwhelmed with the supports from the public.
'When I was fifteen, I had leukaemia and I got to make a wish.
So absolutely I have to come out here to support Batkid' All of San Francisco came out to help little boy imagine his world of make believe .
And in return, little Miles captured the imagination of an entire city.
I am standing here to tell you some details about the competition.
We hold this match holding out the hope of improving students' listening and speaking skills.On the other hand,this activity is extremely significant for us to cultivate the good habit of reading,which will give us a convenient way to accumulate a great amounts of knowledge.
I suggest that you should make adequate prepare before the competition,on account of the standard of reviewing is very strict.You are required to make a emotional introduce of your favorite novel,and give your argument.Besides,it would be best that your speech time can be controlled at the limit of 5 minutes.By the way,fluency and accurate pronunciation will give you extra points.
At last,wish a complete success of the competition and I congratulate all the contestants beforehand on your outstanding performance.
The remarks had not only touched me a lot , but left me some spiritual enlightenment as well .
It is said that man who can't take his responsibility isn't a real man .
In the speech , the president had put responsibility above anything else .
As freshmen , we shouldn't simply focus on the superior facilities we were given , but the contributions we actually made to our campus or even the world .
However , a noble spirit is based on a good behaviour .
In my opinion , we freshmen made a point of being tolerant and adapting ourselves to the pluralistic society .
Besides , we were supposed to appreciate the surroundings from the bottom of our heart .
Shortly speaking , only if we improved both our sense of responsibility and behaviour , would we worthy of the name as hopeful of a generation.
The passion is a violent outbreak, rapid, transient emotions.
three passions I have lived for knowledge, health and love.
Knowledge can change our fate.
The books make us progress and they contain a lot of knowledge.
So everyone need read books to improve our literacy, broaden our horizons.
At the same time, knowledge can also make our passion for life.
Health is an essential part of life.
For purpose of continuing to live, we should keep a healthy body.
In order to keep healthy, we may choose to do a lot of physical exercise, and keep a balanced diet.
Loving relief human loneliness, relieve the heart trembling.
It can bring person into a beautiful and harmonious world, paradise.
When I meet with difficulties or setbacks in life, I will deal with love and knowledge to keep the passion of life.
We all want to learn to use a positive and optimistic attitude to face life's the passions.
Treat everything with indifference.
With the development of economy and the increase in our income,more and more people are living a ecological,environmental and healthy life.
Along with healthy life,the wealth plays an important role in our life.With the help of money,we can do a lot of things that we can enjoy our life and be away from social pressure ,that we can eat many diversities of delicious green food,that we can also go on a health checkup once a month and find problems in time .If we don't have money ,others will be probably to look down on us.For ourselves,we will work continuously to make money so that our health will be affected.
However,happiness doesn't always go with money.we can't buy health with wealth.Aroud our life,we can meet with many people who have much money,but they aren't happy.they're worried about their work and stay up to late for work.As the time passed away,we can't see happiness from their faces.As a result,theirhealth will get worse and worse.
In my opinion,every coin has two sides.One side,weath can bring us many befits and we can experience many thing that we are unkown before.For the other side ,it can also result in criminal crime,physical health and so on.So it remains to be seen that money can buy happiness.
On my ten years old.
I went to Beijing with my parents.We had a good trip there.We went to there by car.Quite a nice welcome to Beijing.
Actually, it was daylight flight for most of the time.
we went out and expected our tour guide in Beijing.
But the first things I saw were a Starbucks and a KFC framed in the doorway.
Later in our trip in Beijing, we found lots of Starbucks and KFCs.
we walked through a lot of people.
When we got to the end of the Square nearest the famous Tiananmen gate, our tour guide had a photographer take a picture of our whole group in front of the gate.
That evening, he took orders for the picture and a Tianamen Square book for 120 RMB to be delivered the next morning.
Afterwards, we got some 10 minutes free time, but that was probably 5 minutes too long.
As it happened, there are some requirements of teachers are changing gradually.
As a result of that students' evaluation of teachers is distinct from the past.
At present, students don't need a teacher as a babysitter, but a guide who can guide them to a good way of study.
So the teachers too powerful to make students confront with a great burden.
Students may be more fortunate relating to a teacher who can broaden their eyes of study or something out of study, such as some interesting things about the world.
It's absolutely that teachers should teach students build their own right value of life, even of the world, which makes students benefit and respect teachers from their heart.
In my opinion, teachers should learn some new knowledge of current affairs, in this way can they guide students flow the contemporary trends.
The most important thing is not only the students effort, but also the teachers' proper guidance.
If there are some people who influenced my life deeply, it must be my primary school teacher Miss Yao.
Miss Yao was my Chinese teacher, a young lady with glasses and business suit, who always impressed us on elegence, graceful and benign.
To me, she was just like a moon enlightened us but never made too close relationship with us.
However, an important thing changed my mind of her.
I clearly remember that it happened in the spring at the beginning of a semester.
After the Chinese classes, Miss Yao ordered us to write a composition, so I decided to copy one from the magazines.
With the nervous feeling, I handed in the homework.
What was worse, Miss Yao read alound my composition in front of the class and said it was excellent.
When she nearly returned the homework to me, a classmate stood up and told she that the composition was copied from a magazine.
At that time, I was extremely feeling ashamed and waiting for the ground to open up and swallow me.
Having had the hard class, I even didn't know how to face her.
Unexpectedly, Miss Yao gave me a fine notebook and asked me to keep writing dairy about my life and read more books to improve my writing skill.
Although several years past, I still remember her saying.
I learn many things from her, such as tolerance, understanding, width and consideration.
Social Practics is a kind of ability.
So,it is a reason that many school leaders encourage students to have Social Practice.
Social Ptactice of college students is popular in many universities.
Most of the teacher thinks it is an important activity in college students life.First,it can promote student's ability of practice.
Second,it can expand they social range.
Third,they can learn something what they can't learn in school, because practice is the basis of knowledge.
Anyway, no matter what we do,I think we should pay attention to something we don't know.For example, we should abide by the rules of practice.
It's necessary to alert to strangers.And the last is contact to in the end is successful.
So trying to do it and believe ourselves.
he is a lovely bear.he likes having jam best.Also,he is smart and honourous.This is what i think after watching "paddington bear" and i have found that i have been fond of it.
This film tell us a story about something happened in London that role is a bear who is rare in the world.At last,the bear is savd by his intellgence.
As a result, as a combination of animation and live action movie.
When the main line is not bad, not bad after effects and Technology (motion capture and hair effect bear class ah).
A global audience is waiting for the bear Paddington Dunlai sale show Meng the, after all, when Garfield is nagging eat capture all of humanity and the Paddington whenever can be pertinent to the adorable, is still super nice animation role.
After ten years,I will be 27 years old.I will be a teacher in a senior high school.My students are quite clever and active.I lead a busy and meaningful life.
What is more,I will have a family with two children and a husband.
On workdays, l am too busy to do houswork.
Instead, in the holidays ,l like to wear more casually.l will do a great deal of exercise to keep fit.As far as l am concerned, l will have a colorful life.
Inll a word,after ten years, l will lead a much richer and more wonderful life.l cannot wait to grow up quickly.
The college life is wonderful.
All life in school are fresh when i frist come here.
There have new teachers, new classmates and fresh friends are around me.I've felt their friendship,wide knwledge and opening mind.NOw,i com here have one years.
I fell our school very beautiful that the buildings have Europe and the United States style.
Someone will fell that college life is boring.As we don't know how to deal with the plenty of spare time.
But i don't  think so .
Frist.
I am a girl who like freedom.
In my college life, I can play computer very late, Whitout worrying my parents asking me to go to bed at the midnight.
Second, I like rock'n'roll, I can play the music very loudly in my dorm.
On the contrary , my mother will be angry when I listen to the music in my home.
And then , You can join a lot of associations and University Student Councils In our college.
It is a training for collegers.
I join in atheneum with a lot of lovely girls, so we chat very happy.
As we held several parties, I felt very successful and seeing everyone united, I was very glad and deeply moved .
Another , I am absorbed grand library, school buildings and wide playground.
Our campus obtains beautiful environment and good atmosphere to study .
My school's library has a lot of different books and magazines.
At the weekend,i take part in some part-time jobs.
Otherwise ,our school have a lot of foreign teachers, In you free time, you can go to the PETER HOLL and visit the foreign teachers.
The Students' Union will hold the Psychological Health Week next week.
They will invite some famous actors and play a theater.
The aim of the activity is to relieve our psychological pressure.
In my opinion, there are too much pressure during our daily life.
It's a good idea to hold an activity to relieve our psychological pressure.
Take part in this activity is a good way for us to relax.
We can forget the trouble from our study, keep away from the disturb from our life, and we can smile happily during the theater.
There're many troubles here and there in our daily life.
We should try to give up some terrible things and try to laugh during the theater.
As we all know that Forrest Gump is a disabled boy and his intelligence is lower than his peers.He was often made fun of people when he was a young boy.Different with those people who laugh at him,his mother use her smart heart and optimistic mind gives his a deal of positive energy.Tells his that everyone is unique,he should be himself and does not care about what others think.
Now,we are entering a new area which fulls of opportunities and innovation.One the one hand,to the extent,we will meet a lot of difficulties.Such as the nature of disaster and the pressure of work.But everyone is special,where there is a try,there is a hope to fight with the difficulties .Just like Forrest Gump,although his body is defective , he is still strong alive in his mother's encouragement.As a result he becomes a successful man.So I think we should learn from him.One the other hand,disability discrimination phenomenon becomes more and more serious.Just like the headmater,he does not want to receive Forrest Gump because he think he is a diasability boy.In my view,I think this kind of behaviour is very bad.
All in all.Whatever times we are in,we should have optimistic mind like Forrest Gump's mother,have a tenacious perseverance like Forrest Gump,and do not have an eye for discrimination like the principal.
My name is P.I'm from X,and now in the class 14.I am pretty outgoing and active.If you want to be friends with me, I would be happy to.Also,I have so many hobbies,such as playing basketball,table tennis and badminton.If we are friends,we can play these together.I prefer the people who are friendly and easy to get along with.
I pretty like English all the time when I was in middle school,although I was not good at it.But I would be hard to study it.I have got two English classes in this school up to now.The teacher was really Easygoing,and the classroom is active.
I really like this atmosphere.So,I want to make friends with the classmates,also the teacher.
I am very happy to meet my foreign friend who is going to visit my nation.I will try my best to take him to visit great places of china.
As is known to us all, Great Wall is one of most wonderful wonders in the world.
So the first place I will take him to is Great Wall.
It is made of pieces of stones.
It shows that how talent and clever ancient people is.
Nowadays , when getting the top of it, we will find how beautiful our country is, and it also confirms the long histsory and culture.
The second place I will take him to is forbidden city .
It is also well-known and represents the rapid development of our country.
I think my foreign friend can feel the beauty and strength of our country.
Finally, I really look forward to is that he will have a great fun in this travelling.
Recently,numerous students treat on their homework.They surf on the internet and download something that can help them finish the paper.This time- honoured phenomenon could not be eradicate in a short time.
Some people claim that there are a number of virtues entailed in copying the answer.For example,students do not have to travel to and fro on a daily basis instead,they can devote their traveling time to play games,shopping on line,chat with other people and so on.In additiion,computers furnish an even richer variety of choice so that pupils can get a large number of information that can in favor of them got higer score in their average grade.
Personally speaking,I regard as teacher should arrange class assignment as far as possible,and increase the oppournity of classroom questioning,encourage scholastices to think independently and blaze new trails in a poineering spirt.
As pupils we, must understand it is easy to be dishnest and deceive other people but it is much harder to one's self.One reason why I,personally,do not advocate cheating is that I would lose my sense of self-respect.I prefer to earn what I want based on my own ability and efforts rather than bec0me a second-rate person by cheating.
In my high school, I have thought about my future English teacher many times.
My English teacher has told us that we should call the people who taught us in high school teacher and we should call the people who taught us in college professor.
So I always think that college English teacher are all 40th or 50th.
However, I want my college English teacher like my high school English teacher.
She use some special ways to improve our English ability.
What I admire is she makes out class from the bottom first towards the positive first.
I think my college English teacher should be wise.learned and proficient in English.
Just like my high school English teacher.
Only like this, we can be stronger and more power.
I think our college English teacher should treat us mildly and effectively.
The last but not least, I want to learn some foreign culture and harder grammar from college English lessons.
I believe that I can be more outstanding.
Thank you for your letter.
We regret to say that we refuse claim on office supplies.
After going into the matter we find that the 1 office supply is attributable to the shipping.
The cleaned on board B/L has indicated the perfect condition of the goods when they were transferred from us to the carrier and we therefore find no reason to accept your claim.
And, our delivery it is on time.
So that the shopping company was delay of delivery.
The responsibility should rest whit either the carrier instead of us, and if you need, we would like to lodge on behalf of you, a claim gainst them.
We look forward to your reply before May 25 2015.
This is my first time away from home,alone in the face of this winter.When I confront the coming winter I feel lonely.Becasue I will alone to confront the coming winter,one of my relatives in a strange environment,friends are not in the side.
Before winter comes,I think about my hometown,the golden rice fields,fruit crop and flying all over the sky leaves.I remember, grandma in the sun shadow, Grandpa and his tobacco pouch.I think about my friends,think about the time we spent together,and those whom picked up fruit.Nonetheless this winter I will think face alone,there were no relatives,no partner.
In this city,a lot of old houses stand in the winter.The first field study will cover them,make this world a painted white.In my hometown,the sown is our friends.So we like snow, because it represents hope and harvest.There is a saying in my hometown, mega Ruixue year.
The winters coming,the first sown coming.My beautiful hometown,whether there is downing?
Library is a place for us to study quietly.If you don't make any noise no matter what you want to do, it's fine.With the development of science,Mobile phones come to everyone's daily life.Nowadays, there are more people who use their mobile phones in the library.
it can help us to contact other people.
But We can set the phone to silent to avoid disturbing other students.Some people think that the students went to the library's main purpose is to learn, instead of finding a comfortable environment to play cell phone.
In my opinion,As long as the consciousness wheather you take mobile is unimportance.
We all have trouble every day.
Some people might said that suggest from people who in our own age is valuable than old people.
Because we are in same place and we know each other better the old friends.
I disagree.
I believe that answer from old friends is more available than young man.
Firstly, old people have lots of knowledge.
They have been living a long life then us, so they read more book then youth people.
So, they can find the answer through the knowledge they have.
As instants, our parents always told us the things that we don't know, teach us the things which is benefit to us, which is not.
What's more, old friends accumulate a lot of experience.
Though the long life they have lived, they can think about the problem deeply.
They know the consequence about what they did.
For example, when we are in some trouble, we turn out to our family.
Our family will analyze the problem, and tell you "take it easy".
And they usually tell you the point about the issue and let you understand the meaning in that point.
Besides, old friends might tell you the way to deal with it, instead solve the problem for you.
And that would be a good chance to learn how to solve the problem indefinitely.
At time gain the skill, knowledge and experience.
As I have an old friends, and he often share his stories with me.
He explains the idea in his stories and analyzes the benefit he had got, or the hart he had suffering.
All in all, my answer is suggestion from old friends is more useful for us.
Not only because they have lots of knowledge and experience, but also they allow us become independent.
friendship is likely to be formed.
should listen more to their students.
to get closer to each other.
My classmate Ann is fourteen years old.
Her good behavior towards everyone does leave a good impression on me.
She is fond of reading, writing, and scientific knowledge.
Moreover she enjoys pop music.
Owing to her tasteful interests, she is slim and tallish.
Consisting of watery eyes and flat nose, her round face looks quite pretty and gentle.
Her black straight hair fits her well.
Her fair skin, together with suitable clothes, shows her a good student.
She wears glasses as well, and she has a bright and sweet smile that can affect us.
She is modest indeed.
What's more ,she is enthusiastic and always shows good mannered to others.
She is indeed a friend in need.
To sum up, Ann is an excellent student and friend.
My best friend,I am very happy that you can ome China to visit my hometown.that locate Huai Nan ,An Hui.
This is a beautiful city.
Of course, my home is far away from central city.
So the air is fresh.
the sky is blue.the river is crystal.
It is important that the people is kind.
I like my hometown very much.
Do you know Ba Gong mountain and Jiao Gang lake.
Ba Gong mountain is on behalf of a period of Chinese dynasty and culture.
Because a emperor lived this mountain ago.
It is a historical place.
Jiao Gang lake is a popular area.
The lake have too much lotous flowers in summer.
Withe flower is my favorite.
But my mother love pink flower.
If you like one, I can steal one for you.
Do not worry.
My uncle manage this place.If you come, you can not miss this chance to know my hometown interesting and significantive culture.
With the advent of e-book .
It's more convenient for us to read books .Many people like read e-book because it has many advantages than tradition book .but some other people don't think that .
There are many advantages about the e-book.
You can easily download through the Internet if you want to read article.
Traditional books are required to type on papers .However, you read e-book ,no trees are required to manufacture paper.
At the same time ,e-books are more easily carried from one place to other and it can keep more time than traditional book .E-book also can widely spread and more people can share it.
Some people like traditional books and don't like read e-books .They think that ,if you read famous books or long articles, you should keep your eyes on the Internet and ,it will be harm for your eyes.
Some people think read e-book may lose the feelings of achievements.
In my opinion ,e-books are have many advantage for us ,When we need to search articles ,it will provide convenient resources .But in most cases ,I prefer to read books because I was used to reading traditional books .E-book may become more and more popular in the future ,and we should make the most use of advantage of e-books .
Nowadays, E-book has become more and more popular with us.Some people find there are many advantages of it, while others think it brings about many problems.
Those who are against E-books argue that such kind of electronic products will do harm to people's eye sight, especially for pupils'.
Meanwhile, some parents worry that they cannot supervise their children's study process when they are reading the E-book.
Also, booksellers complain that their customers' consumption declined since the widely use of E-book.
On the other hand, people who are in favour of E-book point out that compared with the former products, the new generation provides the user a better feeling when reading.
Besides, they claim such product can unload the heavy burden of students.
A E-book store all the textbooks and reference books is much lighter than a bag full of books mentioned above.
What's more, some press are willing to put a few pages of their new books online to attract more reader to purchase.
As for me, a student gets used to read and use books, I think no matter how fast the development and how popular the E-book will be, the library will never be useless.
I'm sure any student will never apply to a university without a library even though it proclaim it has a great amount of E-books.
That's the value of books.To sum up, I prefer books to E-books and I'm sure I will continue to buy the books I need rather than download them from Internet.
With the development of the society,our life is getting better.However,like the coin has two sides.Enough attention must be paid to the air pollution from all walks of life.
It is well acknowledged that it can affect our health.For instance,people who live in the cities where have air pollution are incline to get the respiratory disease.
Therfore,air pollution is an essential issue that must be solved.In my personal perspective,people are supposed to use feet or bicycles instead of cars.As we all know,it is benificial to the air quality.Futhermore,owing to the heavy traffic,if people whose home is not far away their walking place,they are worthy of driving cars.
What is more,less driving cars can reduce the cost of the gasoline and the repairs.In addition,people are in the stress of the work.walking is a good method to reduce their pressure.The most important thing is protecting the environment which is protecting ourselves.
by walking more and driving less.
With society developing,helping strangers that used to be considered as a virtue are ignored by people nowadays.Nevertheless,as for me,I always think it is duty for us to help strangers.
Facing this circumstance,we should rethink ourselves.Although era is in progress,some persons utilize the kindness of people to gain profits improperly.Therefore,most people gradually believe that helping strangers probably can let them be in trouble.However,this is the behavior of tiny minority people.Moreover,they are at the mercy of other bad guys.They are unwilling to work on what they are forced to do.Sometimes we ought to sympathize with them.When thinking like this,even if you are doubting whether you should help them or not,you will lend a helping hand to them.In my opinion,people thinking of themselves more than others may be the reason why there is a lack of trust.Meanwhile,because of this one,people are suspicious with each other.Slowly,love and being friendly are replaced by indifference and selfishness.No matter how reality is, as the saying goes:people at the beginning of goodness.
Most important,helping each other is a traditional virtue of China.It is high time for us that improved our awareness of being an accommodating person.Only in this way can we lead a better life.
Recently an increasing number of individuals are talking about reading or practising, some people contend that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
However, the others argue that we should learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using our senses, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.
Some people hold the opinion that when reading the right book at the right time we can light an emotional spark within us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
To begin with, it is of great significances for individuals to read the right book at the right time.
Such as reading literature, reading literature is important in that it can not only broaden our horizon but also enrich our mind.
To be specific, reading classic works is a real eye-opener, from which we can acquire knowledge of different historical events and cultural traditions.
In addition, when that happens, the world opens.
Everything becomes possible.
The others argue that we can use our senses to explore our environment of people, things, places and events.
For one thing, it is an important and valuable opportunity for us to do by ourselves.
For another nothing, we are strangers to a wealth of activities, so it is high time that we should do.
As far as I am concerned, this belief does not hold water, because the essences of learning are not simply about obtaining information, but rather discerning and applying information.
So I will read lots of literatures before doing exercises.
First, whenever I'm confronted with obstacles, I will reflect the books I've read, imaging that the heroes would do if they were in my situation.
Then normally I will get the power and overcome my difficulties.
In conclusion, the doing can serve as our servant to find out information, but it can never replace the education we need, which instruts you how to think.
My hometown Maanshan is a beautiful place.It lies in the south of Anhuu Province.The famous industry of my hometown is steel industry.So,the first place I want to belt you visit is Maanshan Iron and Steel Co.This company is famous for its iron and steel technology.Because of this reason,my hometown is rich.And it is also the symbol of Maanshan.Then,the place I want to take you to is CaiShiji park which is a well-known view spot.And there are many beautiful views in this park.The famous poet LiBai wrote a lot of poems when he live in here.So lots of people came here because of respet for the fame.
My hometown is very clean.And its also win the title of National Hygienic City.My hometown also has a good traffic order.
At last,I want to tell you that Maanshan is developing very quickly and people here are friendly.If you come here,they will welcome you with their enthusiasm!
So,in my personal view,my hometown is lovely!And it is a nice place to live in.If you come,I will show you around this beautiful city.
I live in a nationals neighborhood where more and more people are popular with the servise organization which called the Dream House.
The organizer, the volunteer of the community, they will help the pupil who is not given considerations to for their busying parents.
The volunteer will supply the delicious food on time so that the pupil can have a healthy body.
Besides, they will coach the children until they finish their difficult homework.
What's more, they will also organize the beneficial activities which give them a more colourful time after school.
Last weekend, I participated in the program which was community service.
It was actually interesting.
I brought my grandmother with me, though she is about eighty years old, my friends gave a plenty of compliments to her.
So, about the community service which the main purposes are doing the assistance around this community, visiting the elders who are living alone, and it can also count as an exercise to me.
It is cheerful every time we are together.
We have fifty people in our team, and surprisingly I have never thought our team leader whose profession is a butcher, I am not discriminating about his background, but it is a surprise to me.
The first time I met him, it was three years before I left town.
I thought he might be a teacher or someone else like white collars.
To tell the truth, I really like this atmosphere, I really like this team, and no exception for this weekend's meeting.
It is not only his conduct, but the ideology he taught us was also important.
And certainly the union within our team became a positive symbol to this community.
The reason why we are here is not seeing people's smile or what they should repay, and more importantly is because we are as a volunteer, and I appreciate everything what I have learnt in these three years.
Seeing the humanity which is exactly what I have absorbed so far, and right now, our determination is solid still.
People like beautiful,happiness,health and safe.But not everybody can take it.Keeping fit is the most important thing between this,because it's the basic.
There are a lot of ways to keeping fit, such as sporting.Yoga.Eating foods and so on.
But my way is keeping my heart calm and cool.
What the world is what do you think.What you would be is what do you think even your body.Human are the kids of earth.The earth is the kid of the universe.If the earth run the way, it will be safe.The same, if we run the way, we'll be health.
The universe has her way.Everybody can learn it.Because it's exist in your own body, in your own mind and in your own heart.How can you get just listen to your heart?
Follow the little sound with your heart.
When you be patient and silent,the sound will be louder and you'll get it easily.So,The way is a philosophy.You should learn it by yourself.
In my words, the philosophy is: Be calm when you succeed,be cool when you fail.Keep competition inevitable,let nature take its course.
That's my way of keeping fit.Best wishes to you,I pray you well as me.
Nowadays,low-carbon life has been popular with people.Meanwhile,low-carbon lifestyle has been a focus which people be concerned with.But what is low-carbon lifestyle on earth?Low-carbon life means a kind of lifestyle in which people try their best to reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.
With the development of our economic,more and more factories are built which pour polluted gas and water into the environment.That makes the environment polluted, which has a bad effect on human .So it is necessary for us to form a low-carbon lifestyle .
Every big thing comes from the subtle.Firstly,we should use fewer plastic bags to reduce white pollution.Secondly,we should turn off the lights the moment we leave the rooms.Thirdly,as a student,we may use second-hand books to protect the forest which absorb the carbon and reduce the greenhouse effect.
Only by doing these can we create a world where the human enjoy a clean and tidy environment.
Recently,an increased number of people choose the internet to do some shopping.That way is called online shopping.
There is no doubt that it is much more convenient .In term of the internet,you don't need to go out and walk on the street or go to the store to choose what you tend to buy.
Online shopping can save your time and the money you pay on the rood .
The details will be announced on the web.That will include all details you want to know .On the web,there are also many pictures of commodities.
So you can imagine it basing on the description of it ,what you see is almost a completed thing.If you decide to buy it ,Just import your address and your phone number ,and then the seller will post things what you buy to you .When you receiving them,pay it is acceptable.
But online shopping still has some shortages.After all you can't see the true thing, maybe you will not be satisfied with its color,size,or shape .And there many sellers deceive customers.In fact,they will give you nothing .So some people are frequently disappointed eventually.
In a word, online shopping is a fashion in these years ,but we should use it in a right way .Don't let it bring your lives worry.
In the passed week, I read the book< The Beach >.
It's an amazing tale.
The tale is about an English man called Richard.
He went to Thailand for a trip.
There, he heard a man mentioned a beach every night.
However, one day, Richard found a map of the beach and the man's body.
Richard encountered a French couple, and they went to the beach together.
Before they set off, Richard drew a map for another two men.
When they arrive at the island, they found that there was a very large dope field.
And there are many people living there.
The smugglers and the villagers reached an agreement, so none of them would delate the things happening in the island.
Everything seems great, but some days later, they had to face the disease and a shark.
Two men died and one was mad.
Not long after the two disasters, the two Americans, whom Richard drew the map for, took three germen to the island, they didn't realize the danger from the smugglers, so they were killed.
In the end, the villagers found Richard drawing the map for the people outside.
So they poked Richard by their knifes.
But Richard succeeded to escape.
In my opinion, the book is a little meaningless, even a little twisty.
It is a sarcastic tale about the society.
It tells us that there is no freedom, and the most lovely paradise can sometimes be the Hell.
As is vividly shown in the picture, it is universally accepted regarded that nowadays the phenomena of excessive usage of electronic communication are prevailing in our society.I am absolutely opposed to it.
There are several causes of excessive usage of electronic communication.Initially,as electronic communication is not limited by space.Where there is Internet,there is convenience.Additionally, an increasing number of people consider that electronic communication can manifest their identification and status.
In my perspective,excessive usage of electronic communication has catastrophic consequences,including the loss of friendliness,warmth,love and humanity,excessive consumption of power and precious resources,and unnecessary extraction of scarce.
Consequently , laws and regulations must be made to restrict excessive usage of communication,simultaneously,the government should advocate face-to-face contact.
My hero isn't a great person.
My hero is my mom.
SHe always makes me happy.
She is a helpful person and she does his best to help others.
She is good at month and English.
Every day,she gets up early to make the breakfast.
Then she wakes me up and sends me to school.
After that she goes to work.
So she is very hard and tired.
Some times she talks with me.he often finds out ways to make my life better,but sometimes she is strict with me, I know she loves me.
She cheers me up when I am bad.
She will do anything for me.
He helps me a lot when I am in trouble.
I think she is a true hero.
There are already many websites that allow you to learn English online.
As a matter of fact, English is now more commonly referred to as the world or international language because many countries adapt it as their official or second language.
While it may be true that English is not the official language in most parts of the world, it is officially taught as the second language in most countries around the world.
To improve your English, you have to learn the meaning of many English words and need to understand the usage of English grammar in great detail.
Reading English books, newspapers and magazines is the best way to increase one's vocabularies.
If we read regularly, we will pick up many new words we come across.
Most online dictionary not only can instantly look up the meaning and definitions of the word, it also has the audio pronunciations of the word selected.
Using online dictionary is just like having a teacher beside you.
You can also test your knowledge of English language with the many free interactive grammar and vocabulary exercises platform available online as well.
Besides learning English by reading, we must also learn to speak in English.
Practice speaking in English with your family members and friends is one of the best ways to learn spoken English.
Online learning usually is interactive and you should be able to hear the word being said to you.
It is a well-known fact that people learn faster when they see and hear things together.
If you ask me which European country I prefer, I will choose Switlzerland.
It is located in central Europe .It covers an area of 41 square kilometres, having a population of 7.5 million.
Its capital is Berne.
