However, we all learn to get rid of this bad habit of relying on their ability to take a test to prove themselves.
In recent years, there are more and more college students starting to use extra time to do some part-time jobs.
And the development direction was very soon.
So we should think why this kind of phenomena occurred.
Maybe the changing has slowly developed in China and integrate into part of our daily life.
First, the number of college students is becoming more and more and they have more free time, so students have a lot of time to do the things that themselves like.
So college students do not feel university life is too boring.
Then, due to the development of social economy, social demand for talents is bigger and bigger.
This also brought favorable conditions to college students part-time jobs.
College students can be easier to find in line with their own work part-time, and also reduce social talent gap.
Finally, college students do part-time job can also exercise their talents.
So more and more students choose to do part-time jobs.
So the trend of taking part-time jobs in college students is a normal sign.
In a word, the trend of taking part-time jobs in college students is a good sign for our society.I think that college students should do more part-time jobs to enrich themselves.If we touch society earlier,we will be more familiar with our neighboring environment.
For a member of the encounter groups, it's a problem that how to share his or her time with the others.
The relationship between the members is difficult to build up at first.
But with the time going, the communication in the groups will be normal.
Although there will be some bad feeling when one person tries to involve with others, the relationship revealing to the participants will be a special feeling.
And one person will find the meaning of himself or herself in the groups.
It talked about some drug problems.
As we all know drug abuse is a serious social problem and has been increasing nowadays all over the world.
Different people have different opinions as to how to solve the problem.
And I also have my own opinion, I think drug is obviously a kind of temptation.
Temptation is always hard to completely forbid, but we can identify them and choose which kind of temptation could be the pursuit of and be good to ourselves by thinking advisably and deeply.
Since people birthed on the earth, the temptation has also been birthed.
When people grow, the temptation was also grow, just like twins.
Although most of temptation have never be kindness to people.
In this respect, they even like the enemy.
Temptation always tastes so quite that as seems as the apple in the garden of eden and it is the personification of evil.
As the weakness of human nature such as envy, greedy and selfishness is like the snake, it leads people to the indulgence of the abyss.
However I want to emphasize a question--I think just most of the temptation are bad to people which can make people get crazy.
But there are also having some good functions to people's development.
Because of people have an instinct to seek a better life.
So some beautiful things are also attract people to aspire after or bring about it.
At this time the temptation can be regarded as a good friend.
So whether the temptation is there or not is not important at all.
Even if it will always exist, as long as we have enough identification and self-control, we will always can protect ourselves and never be hurt by anything.
I'm glad to know that you're going to our school.
I'd like to give you a brief introduction to it.
Four Meddle School, the smallest meddles school in our town.
It's in the west of Nanbai.
And it lies in the west of the Xiangshan and a lot of mountains and few houses surrounding its south, east and southeast.
And a pool lies on the southwest of Four Meddle School.
Our school covers an area of about 60 square kilometres and has student less than 3,000.
It's famous for many bad things in Nanbai, and it is terrible for students' live environment.
But the scenery is so beautiful and the climate is so pleasant.
You will surprise when you saw those faraway mountains on the education building.
I'm sure you'll have a good time there and love the scenery.
Last Friday,something happened in our school.In a rest a student fainted in the classroom.Every student was surprised at first.Sunddenly a student sent him to the hospital immdiantly,so that he was helped by the doctors in time.All the students were very happy about that.
Some times later the teacher called his mother about this things.His mom was very worried.When she heard that the student sent him to the hospital in time,she get relaxed.
When his mother came to hospital,the student who fainted is waked up.The parents was very thankful to the student and the teacher.
The student get well now.I think we should help each other when someone is in trouble.And our school wil be better hd better.
I'm in Beijing and live in my friend's home now.
Febrary 19th is Spring Festival this year.
During Spring Festival, Chinese always do fireworks and visit each other.
In Beijing, I make some new friends.
We often study, talk and do sport together.
We visit some place of inerest, watch Peking Opera and eat some Chinese tridtional food.
They tell me many history of China.
It's very ineresting.
On the eve of Spring Festival, we have Chiese jiaozi as dinner.
There are some difference with Canada, I like Chinese life and my new friends.
With the development of information technology,we change the way of communication with others.In the past,people wrote letters for others who were far away from him.When Bell invented the telephone,we used it more often.Then,the mobile phone was invented.We could send messages anytime.It was very convenient for us.But now,we can communicate with our friends online,even making new friends.However,is it wise to make friends online?In my opinion,I think so.
First of all,since the advent of QQ,facebook and other information exchanges,our circle of friends become more and more widely.If we get in trouble in reality and don't want to tell our friends,we can tell our friends in the network.And we are never worried about that people talk to any others,because we don't know each other.What's more,making friends online is a convenient way to communicate from different social classes and foreigners.In spire of never traveling,we can know a lot of beauty spots and plenty of custom.And it's a good way to expand the field of vision.Finally,nowadays,more and more people have a blind date online.It solves a problem that many people can't find a right spouse,but they can find them in other area.So,many dating shows are on the rise.It also can bring great benefits to merchants.
In general,it is wise to make friends online.We can learn and play with others.
Last Friday,The thing which is moving took place at school.
A student fainted suddenly during the break between classes,but other students were calm when they saw it.Some of them called"120" at once,others looked for the teachers at the same time.The teachers knew it and arrived there soon.They saw the weak student and then noticed that it 's serious.At the moment the car came,and the student helped her go into the car.And they sent her to the hospital.She was treated in time,and her life was safe.The teachers also call for her parents and told them good news.Her parents appreciated a lot.
From the thing,we know the students are calm,kind and helpful.They helped the people who are in trouble.I think their thing can be admired.
According to the china export data of phosphorus ore from 2008 to 2010, the export volume of the first half of the year usually occupied about 50% in each year, and the total export volume of each year is quite lower than the government's quota volume, which released by Ministry of Commerce and effective as of 2009.
There are many places in our school,for example:the playground,the experiment.
But my favourite place at school is the classroom,classroom the place of study.
We can learn a lot of knowledge,the classroom is the place where we are most often.
So the classroom is my favourite place at school.
I know how to make a good impression.
As a result of that it is essential to us to make ourselves to accommodate the present social environment.
We can make a large number ofpreparetions to make a good impression.The preparetions are consist of lots of aspects what are always thinked about attach to your personality,such as the behaviour,the dressing habit,the access of talking and so on.
We always say that the first impression is very important.So we must keep a good figure to face the daily life.Because we always come across with many person who are important to us.
As far as i'm concerned,we must stress the importance of that how we can m ake a good impression in others' mind.
Generally speaking, we usually define a volunteer as a person who offers service or help of his or her own free will.
In fact, volunteers don't just meet this demand, they also need to have some skills and devote their heart and soul to .
First of all, taking the initiative in the volunteer service is the most fundamental as a volunteer.
Enthusiasm from the button of one's heart is to a volunteer what interest is to study.
For example, in our daily life, when we are asked to do something, we may feel unwilling.
Even though we finally finish the task, we may not take it serious and feel any sense of achievement.
Therefore, only when we are full of passion and interest can we do our best.
This goes for volunteers as well.
In addition, a volunteer should be qualified with certain abilities.
In reality, we often pay much attention to whether a volunteer is voluntary, but attach a little importance to whether they are equal to the work.
Then at times it is hard to carry out the volunteer service smoothly, they may encounter many problems, such as how to take full advantage of the human resources and material resources and so on.
As a volunteer, they also need to equip themselves with some skills.
Only by this way can they devote themselves to the volunteer career and make the greatest contribution.
Above all, a volunteer should whole-heartedly serve others.
Volunteers should aim at improving themselves and offering help for others.
As is known, nowadays a lot of individuals and organizations enact defraud at the mask of volunteer or charity services, which lead to more and more query about the true purpose of volunteer services.
Faced with more and more material temptation, a volunteer should be more decisive and purer.
Only with this quality can we be a true volunteer and preserve with the volunteer career.
All in all, a volunteer is a person who is ready to help others and also have the ability to offer help whole-heartedly.
If we would like to be a volunteer, I hope we can try our best to make ourselves a true volunteer.
At the same time, we should respect the unsung and unselfish volunteers.
As one of the undergraduates,we can see all kinds of appearances in the schoolyard,especially bad.For example,arrive late,leave early,truancy.Not only break the school rules,but also developed our bad habits.
If we want to change this situation,we must know the importance of keep students' attendance rate.
From now on,as an undergraduate,we should restrain our actions.Keep a good job and rest habit.First,go to bed early so as to get up early,we can attend class in time.Second,in the classroom,listening to the teacher carefully,concentrating on what they say,and we will finished the class on time.Third,for avoiding truancy,we must overcome our laziness and study hard.
The battle between Hanhan and Fang Zhouzi began when a popular blogger, Maitian, claimed Hanhan's works might have been written by his publisher, Lu Jinbo and said there is a team of ghostwriters behind Hanhan.
However Maitian apologized to Hanhan on Jan 18, admitting he didn't have sufficient evidence.
At the same time Fang Zhouzi joined the fray and said that he noticed Hanhan had deleted all his articles from December 2006 to September 2007 from his blog.
According to this view, Hanhan responded the next day, offering 20 million yuan to anyone who could prove his works were ghostwritten.
"Posting a reward to look for evidence, while at the same time deleting the evidences, makes people feel his claims lack sincerity," Fang said on his micro blog.. Hanhan responded by saying the articles were deleted in 2008 at the request of his publishing house and to protect his copyright interest.. Fang Zhouzi also questioned Hanhan's ability to write such mature works at a young age and to write well enough to win a national composition writing contest in 1999.
Fang Zhouzi also alleged that Hanhan's father, writer Han Renjun, is the most likely suspect as young Han's ghostwriter since Hanhan and his father have the same writing style.
Hanhan's father posted online his own works that were published around the same time as Han's first novel, Triple Door, so readers could compare the styles.
Fang Zhouzi also questioned why his comments are not consistent in his novel.
Hanhan said those are fabled.
Hanhan also said "Fang Zhouzi concluded that I had someone else write on my behalf.
For a writer, such an accusation is the most serious of all kinds.
So Hanhan filed a lawsuit to the court but according to a lawyer, it is hardly to win a libel suit against Fang Zhouzi.
As for me, I'm standing in the Hanhan side.
Not only he has a talent in writing but also Fang Zhouzi's speech can't be convinced by me.
It is serious and becomes harmful when someone claims the writer had others write for him, with no hard evidence and illogical proof.
I supposed that Fang Zhouzi is irresponsible for his opinion.
With the evolution of the technology and educational,people experience more and more pressures in today's society.Nevethless without the confidence you could not stang in your life.When you meet various problems,you will sense frustration.So build up Self-confidence is a very important thing.
As we know,confidence is one of the foundation of success.For example,a musician joins the music competition.In the play,he found that music has some problems,but all the judges say music there would be no problem.After much hesitation,he believes that his judgment is right,so he said in a loud voice:no,a certain wrong in the music.The words sound just fell and the judges left the seat clapping,and they said, you are the champion of the competition.In today's society,we have to confront more and more pressures,if you want to beyond others,self-confidence is one of the most important basics.In the past,a theater group need to pick up an actor,most interviewees are shy that they cannot believe that they can success,in addition to a person looks very young.The director asked him:Why do you dare to look me?
"And the young man asked the director:Why cannot look straight into you.Finally,the young man is selected by the director.This is the reason that build up self-confidence.
On the whole,maybe we do not take the most comprehensive knowledge,but we should have great assurance.Only in this way,we can accept a bright future.
Jobs,a successful entrepreneur,who has a miracle of life is become the focus of the public now.Not only he found the Apple company in 1970s but also the iPhone become the fashion.What We can really say today,that the Jobs had change the world.
The Apple products's successfully isn't accidental.Thare are some reasons accounting for this fashion.Firstly,He was the first people to see the potential that selling computers to ordinary people in the 1970s,Secondly,the design of the iPhone is so popular that which become a fashion quickly.Thirdly,with the rapid development of internet technology,people more care what they can use convenient,and the iPhone do it actually.
In my mind ,I think the Job's life is a common life ,he just did what he best.In a recent survey, Jobs' Iphone became increasingly popular, thanks to his invention, people can have more entertainment options now.
Everyone is keen to win success,but sometimes we can suffer a failure.It's certainly usual that we come across success or failure,so we should take it peacefully.Put in another way,failure is not necessarily unfavorable.
First of all,we feel disappointed when failure happens to us.That might seem extremely reasonable.On the other hand,we could obtain some experience that is beneficial to our development later from failure.Otherwise, failure has a positive contribution to our life.Usually,most people will get into trouble when they meet failure,and they even get hurt.In fact,it may be an opportunity to improve yourself.For example ,most characters have these experiences,like Luxun.
In a word,once failure occurs to us,we should adjust our attitude to it.Then,face failure.Failure is not necessarily bad.
I even thought that I had just done the schoolwork when I was the pupil.And it was the sole one in my brain.However,it's wrong.Nevertheless the past time went,importantly,it can't go back.
Thus I must make full use of the following four years.
First,the grade is the most crucial part of my school life.
supports.The key to be the top one is my disbursement in my study.Wherever I am,the library,the computer room,ever in my room,I can take in my time.
something by myself.
Third,I have to support myself by my own's labor as I have grown up.So I can do some jobs to earn money to pay for my life.
I believe my support will pay off in the future.
That is a boy,he is so young.His hair is longer than the general boy.He has a pair of watery eyes and a straight bridge of the nose.His legs are thin and long.This is a very handsome boy .He is keen to help people in need of help.He kind of let me very moved.I like him very much.
He is a kind,generous,honest,clever boy.Sometimes he let a person feel very strange, it's not like that, because he was thinking that ordinary people couldn't thinking of problem.He told everyone around him is very good.He is a man who have a passion for sport.
He likes playing basketball, table tennis, running, swimming and something like that.But he was also a very love to eat, every day he eat a lot.Sometimes, he also like a joke.Remember once,he dressed up as a ghost to frighten the class a female classmate all cried.It makes me feel he was naughty.But he is a man who like a genius, various branches of learning achievement is very good.Anyway, we all like him.
Nowadays,the problem of the relationship in dormitory has drew many people's attention.Because many students don't get along with the roommates very well.Some feel very lonely and some are abandoned.It's bring about many psychological problems,even has bad effects on lives.
There is no better time than the present to patch up the problems.The first thing you have to do is to find the problems and summon the courage to face them.Second,you need to have a talk with someone.Third,no one should allow himself to be emotionally abused by anyone.It may be best if the wronged person take the initiative and apologize.
Everyone is different,everybody ought to contain others and has the correct attitude to those who are superior than you.
Nawadays,mobile phones have become one of the most important tool of communication,and are becoming more and more important.On some degree, the role of mobile phone cannot be replaced.
With the popularity of the mobile phone,almost every college student owns one.
Mobile phones offer much convenience to college student.But there are also some problems.A research concluded that what the students like most about their phones was that they could reach other people and what they like least was that other people could reach them.This result seems contradictory,but in my opinion,it means that college students want to reach other people while they are afraid of reaching other people.
Generally speaking,college students are far away from their parents and their old friends,and the mobile phone is a convenient tool to contact with them by phone calls and test-messaging.It is very necessary for the freshmen to have telephones to contact with their old friends when they can not be accustomed to the new surroundings.Meanwhile,they want to make new friends with other people.
Mobile phones can provide opportunities to make new friends.
However,some students are afraid to make new friends and lose contact with their old friends.They cannot adapt to the new conditions.
They are not good at communicating with other people.
Those students would probably fail to adapt to the new environment when they step into the society.
Anyway,the mobile phone plays an important role in our life.We should make good use of mobile phones to colour our lives.College students should communicate with people more,it is a skill to live a better life.
There is no doubt that college students take part in social practice is becoming more and more important and meaningful.
But, It is a common weak point among today's college students that the majority of them have little knowledge of social reality and short of the ability about social practice.
College students should take an active part in social practice.
For college students to participate in more social practice has many benefits.
Firstly, More social practices may offer you an opportunity to improve your ability and communicate with others.
Secondly, social practice can open our eyes and make friends with others.
Besides, social practice will help students develop a sense of independence and increase our confidence and responsibility.
Thirdly, though the part-time jobs, We can earn money and relieve our parents of financial burdens.
It's wonderful.
In my opinion, College students should take part in social practice, of course, we should balance our study and social practice.
When in our class, we have many acitivities, especial in English class.
In some activities, we can communicate with oue clssmates and share our opinions.
When I have opinions that is differrent from others, I will give up.
The reason why I give up my own opinion is that I should respect the opinion of the majority.
The more people agree with the opinon, the more important the opinion is.
Once I play outside with my friends.
Though I wanted to swim, some of them were afraid of water.
Finally, I compromised and we went to the cinema.
Sometimes giving up may give us more happiness.
One day,a quarral happened in my family between my mother and me.
I tried to explane to her,but it didnot count.
-unite with parents as soon as possible.Only when parents know our thoughts,can they understand us.
The relationship will be warm.
When it comes to "The Way to success", different people have different ideas.
The remark "Give me six hours to chop down a tree,and I ill spend the first four sharpening the axe' shows that if we want to be succeed, what we need is do as much as preparations as we can.
In short, to learn what we can learn.
I have the following reasons to support my idea.
Firstly, The way to success is a long task to perform and a long road to go.
As an old saying in China goes that "Haste makes waste", we must keep calm whatever happen to us.
When we confront difficulties, we should be couragous and keep the bilief in our mind that we can make it.
Secondly, we need to pay attention to our own study.
In conclusion, I believe that the way to success is fullfilling ourselves with knowledge and keeping holding on.
When I saw this sentence ,I have to said that I maybe just the one .
The opinion would cause a large debate.What can we say ?Different people have different opinions.In my opinion,it is correct in a large part .My opinion will be proved by the following reasons .
Firstly,most of the people have inertia .If they want to insist on doing something ,they must learn to control themselves and have perseverance .But most of the people always can't insist on one thing for a long time such as reading book .Many people would put them in a corner or just read a part of them but not finished them after they buy several books .Because they always have the thinking that the book could not run away and they can read it at any time if they have free time .So ,day after day they haven't read them completely in the end .Secondly ,books is a motive power to a certain degree .As we know ,if we borrow a book that means we should take it back to others one day and we just have short time to read it .So ,we would try our best to read it in our free time .Of course,this is no deny that some people must be read a book when they get it in spite of the book borrowed or brought only if they have perseverance.But I am sure that they almost read the borrowed-book faster than brought-book .That's the charming of the borrowed-book .
In a word ,I support the opinion that above just was debated in a large part .We should learn read books with our heart ,putting them as our friends in our life rather than read them under the press .I hope and believed we can do it .
Now, I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.The Spring Festival is one of the most important holidays.It is not only several days off,but also a symbol of Chinese culture.
Spring Festival in Chinese's heart means reunion and happiness.
Before Spring Festival people write or buy couplets to attach.People prepare for the Spring Festival about half of month before the Spring Festival.They clean the whole house,sweep up all ash.
In the Spring Festival,people make jiaozis to eat.They fire firecracker to celebrate that the new year is coming.
As time goes by, the science has made great progress; people's life quality has improved than before.
Almost everyone has a phone to contact others including students who need to study.
On the one hand, cell phones are very convent for us.
To give an example, seeking information on the Internet can save much time to while using the dictionary or other books.
And the cell phones can also give us fun and inspirations.
On the other hand, students whose minds are not hard, they may get drinking in the phone games.
What's more, it's bad for eyes.
According to the report from the Students' Union,there are some safety problems hidden in the dormitory such as the floors and the steps are too wet,charge while playing mobile phone.Climb up and down on the starrs.To keep us safe, we should prevent the possible dangers.Firstly,you shuold keep the dormitory clean and tidy,pay attention to the wet floor and steps,don't use some dangerous electrical equipment,take far away from fire such as candle.
Fake products have sprung up like mushrooms in market in recent years.
First and foremost, producers are obligated to assume the major responsibility for fake products.
The producers disseminate the advertisements on various media to attract the public.
Besides, the celebrities also exert a profound impact on augmenting the sale of the fake products.
Additionally, consumers are incapable of differentiating the fake products.
Most of them attribute it to the lower prices of the fake products.
Besieged with various advertisements, consumers are easily deceived to purchase fake products.
Moreover, the supervisory organizations don't actively involve themselves in supervising the market.
The bad effects the fake products engender are overwhelming, which is far beyond our imagination.
Overall, fake products jeopardize the rights and interests of the consumers and producers.
As for the consumers, they should have deserved the fine quality and after-sale service that the producers have promised before.
Thus, it is no wonder that consumers' complaints and grumbling are accumulated to the inferior quality.
Then the producers embroil themselves in the judgments .They disgrace themselves and even their reputations are in tatters.
What's more, they are also denounced for not complying with the professional ethics with which the market endows them.
In a long term, the fecundity of the fake products shatters the order and tranquility of the market.
Active involvements are required to establish a vigorous market.
To begin with, the producers should discipline themselves to make qualified products and adhere to the guidelines that the market sets up.
Furthermore, the supervisory organization should formulate strict rules to rectify and reconstruct a vigorous market.
Those who obtain wealth by illegal means should be punished seriously.
Then the consumers are supposed to enhance the awareness of discerning the fake products and purchase products with discretion.
At present, an increasing number of college graduates are faced with the problem of inability to hunt for an ideal job.
It is to be realized that it is essential to have a proper solution to the problem so as to achieve social stability.
Therefore, it is urgent to discover the underlying causes and take constructive measures to improve the situation.
The unrealistic expectations about jobs for the part of graduates and the limited positions available for graduates are mainly responsible for the increasing difficulty in hunting for an ideal job.
On the one hand, some graduates expect too much from jobs.
They expect to get a secure job with a high salary.
However, they can hardly meet job requirements.
On the other hand, comparing with the number of college graduates, the posts available for graduates are rather limited.
Effective measures are to be taken to solve the problem.
Above all, job hunters should be encouraged to develop positive attitudes and throw away their unrealistic expectations.
In addition, the government should create more job vacancies available for graduates, which has been accepted as a crucial factor to solve college graduates' employment problem.
I'm happy to hear from you.
Your math teacher Mr. Green is so interesting and enthusiastic.
Now let me introduce my favourite teacher.
My favourite teacher is Ms. Li.
She teaches math, too.
She is about 40 years old and her son is study in America now.
My first impression by her is kind and intelligent.
She usually tells us something which makes a lot of sense.
Some days later.
I found her also strict with us.
She wants to train us to take care of ourselves in study.
In the class.
She don't show us the answer but teach us how to solve this problem.
Once upon a time.
I worried about a math problem.
I asked Ms. Li for help.
Ms. Li led me to solve this problem step by step.
At last, I solved this problem by myself.
And I never worried about this kind of problem.
I really like her.
I hope to hear from you soon.
From my point of view,it's not necessary to require students to do written homework every day.The assignment is just a method for students to review the thing they learned in class.If they have got everything that teachers taught clearly,there is no need for them do written homework any more.
There is a common scenario that students in China go home with a lot of homework after school.In order to get all the work done,students have to spend plenty of time on it.However,actually some of the task is so easy that int's a waste of time for students to do it again and again.So I think there is no necessary to require students to do written homework.
My best friend is Z.
He is very friendly and handsome.
He is a little thin and has a height 1.7m about.
Just like me, He is also from X city Z province.
We know each other for 2 years.
After my university graduation, I worked in a company in Hunan province.
Luckily, have him as my colleague.
There are many reasons for us to become good friends.
First, when I entered my company, had many things couldn't understand, so he helped me with my work.
Second, once upon a time, I was very busy in my work, so I failed to take care of myself and got sick, and he looked after me.
He has also done a lot of things for me.
All in all, he is my best friend.
Time went by,and the first year had gone quickly in my crazy college life.
There were many interesting and memorable things that happened during this year.
As a flash man, when I came to college during the first week,I was interested in anything and wanted to try anything as much as.
Usually made friends with everyone as hardly as I can.
Suddenly I found many differences in the college.
For example,we ate the food that was so peppery for me,because my mother's food without any hot at all.
In the past year,I had changed a lot in many aspects.
First,I got more active than before.
At the least three students'associations I joined after the first mouth.
Second,I became friendly to other,because I believed that friend is wealth.
Third,I knew the importance of positive to reading.
One of the most differences are college's environment much freedom than senior high school' environment,so it is becoming more and more important.
As for funny things,I remember that my friends and I joined the color run in an activity.
We throw a variety of colors flour to the other participants.
Then,you will become a color person quickly.
After that,my friends and I had travel to Wuhan some day.
We were eating all kinds of delicious snacks and visiting various buildings during the those fantastic days.
In a word,the college period is the wonderful day in our life.
We could be as possible as cherishing it.
These year, many people choice traveling by themselves.
I think this is a good chooses to practice yourself.
And I have some reasons to prove that.
First and foremost, it is an opportunity to travel independently and experience total freedom.
You don't have to compromise the travel agency's plans.
You have enough time to do what you want.
Second but as important, it is a valuable chance to become more assertive.
Because you will meet many uncertain conditions, such as the traffic jam or the fight delay.
You should make a correct decision when you get in trouble.
It will let you become a better decision maker.
The last but not least, travel on your own can forces you to tackle that language barrier.
When you visit America you will meet a lot of people and you can talk with the local people, it can increase your colloquial ability.
It will help you to find your job in the future, because of your perfect pronunciation and the faculty for making friend.
But it also has many people to choice travel with a companion.
In my opinion, there are some shortcomings.
Firstly, it cannot offers flexibility on your trip.
You should obey the plans that you will miss some interesting things.
Secondly, it maybe have some strange man is your group.
Maybe someone else can be risky too much, that will make you get in trouble.
All in all, travel by yourself has more benefits than the team tour.
So I will choice to travel by myself.
Beijing is in the north of China.Beijing is the capital of China,it's so beautiful as well as nice!There are a lot of people,about 1961.24 million population.
Summer in there is hot,and winter is cold.Do you know the Tian An Men or the Great Wall?I think Beijing is famous for these.
Final if you want to come to Beijing,autumn is the best,because you can go to the Fragrant Hills to see the red leaver,and this time you will fell cool.
Nowadays, with the development of our economy, our technology also has made great progress, so it becomes more and more common that people publish some articles just on the Internet.
As far as I am concerned, it's really a good way to bring the Internet's advantages into full play.
For I Internet is helpful for our daily life including living, working, as well as studying.
On the one hand, net-writing is very convenient for our readers.
For we can read any kind of things that published on the Internet at any time once you log on the Internet.
On the other hand, net-writing also can help us save money, since if you want to read some famous works of masters, you don not need to buy the book, instead, all you need to do is search on the Internet, then read them for free.
Or you can just download them, and then read them at any time as you like.
What's more, net-writing offers an equal opportunity for the people who like to write things.
Because the threshold to the Internet is very low, so everybody has the chance to log on it.
To tell the truth, some net-writings are really gems, and we can learn a lot from them.
Some novels even have filmed for television.
For example, "Beauty of Deceit", it offers us a complex royal life between beauties in the palace including intrigue and calculation.
And as for females, we are fond of watching TV series of such kinds that related to our life, and as a result, such novels that have been filmed for television are very popular among us.
Last but not least, net-writing can be regarded as a bridge between Eastern and Western cultures.
That's to say, we can not only take advantages of the best parts of Western culture, but also can make Chinese culture oriented towards the world.
In a word, there are many advantages of net-writing, and in my opinion, it's a good way to accelerate the diversification of our culture.
Everyone has his own secrets of study.These secrets make great contributions to their study.From my point of view,what is illustrated for a secret is something that someone have in private.Besides,a secret is applied by one in secret.Someone can complete tough tasks with a secret by his own.
One of my secrets of study is being industrious.
Working hard does not mean that you will be sure to be triumphant.However,dropping industrious personality must be your damage of study.When I work hard everyday and never drop in,I am going to have a chance to chase others and defeat them.In addition,making the most of time is another secret to my study.Obviously,wasting time means killing oneself.Because my time is limited,I must do my best to divide it into each subject,and I can take great notice of time in order to soar the speed of studying each subject.Each subject is very crucial,they each needs to be paid enough attention to.What'more,they each needs essential time to be completed.Because of this,I must make the most of time.I believe that a man who can take advantage of time does count for something.
Surely,the two secrets above are so useful to me that I can achieve high grades and win great honour from teachers and classmates.
Secrets need to be stuck to by me forever.If I stick to my secrets,I will have more chances to achieve higher and higher grades and be much more brilliant as well.Sometimes,I may feel too tired to stick to them.But they are useful to me and they are my own secrets.Only by using my own secrets can I be a brilliant student and be greatly triumphant!
Hi, my chinese name is C, you also can call me Vivent.
I am 19 years old.
There are 5 people in my family, you know, my parents, my elder sister, I and me little brother.
My father is a painter, my mother is a housewife, of course , my mother always help my father do something when my father is busy.
My sister is working now , and she is a beautiful girl.
And then is my little brother, I can truly tell you that my little brother is easy to get on, he is learning painting, because he must success my father career.
I love my family, I love them very much.
I have many hobbies, just like reading book, dancing , playing table-tennis etc.
When I am free, I like reading some books about the late Qing Dynasty, I do not know when I have this hobby, but I like this hobby.
I like dancing even though I can not dance it well.
Of course, I am a girl, we have the same hobby is that I like shopping, I enjoy the time I went shopping with my friends at the weekend.
In order to improving my handwriting, I signed up my name to the handwriting association.
What is my dream job?my dream job is being a translator,I like English,I appreciate those people who can speak English well.When I was a child,I wandered how they can understand what the foreigner said.Now I chose the business English,I hope I can do it well and achieve my dream.
I want to go through something special,so I join some associations,just like dancing team.I think I will grow mature.I expect that I can learn how to be more independent,not only the daily life,but also the money.
When I was a senior school student,I was full of curiosity about the college life.In order to become a college student,I studied hard in my senior school.With my three years' endeavor,I turn into a freshman in the college eventually.I have been in the college for a month until now, knowing the college life is totally different from the senior school.
As a matter of fact,the college life isn't terrific as we thought before.Although we have much freedom,we lose our directions of study.College teachers are not similar to those in senior schools,they nearly do not ask you whether you understand this question or pay attention to their qualities of classes.In a word,they always finish their classes casually without responsibilities.Many teachers said we should be independent as a college student, getting much knowledge through studying by ourselves.I am agree with that opinion,but it cannot be an excuse for those to be irresponsible.
As for the changes,what really interests me is all kinds of communities,and we can make some friends who have the same hobbies and improve our capacities there.Colleges have some similarities as the social,and we should learn to how to expand our social circle instead of living in our own worlds all the time.
All in all,as a college student,we should make good use of our time to chase our dreams rather than idle away.So,working hard from now on,trying to change something.
First,in the onlinelearning english your vision will be more open.You can improve your ability in play at the same time.You can make some foreign friends and they use english dialogue in this way .You can not only understand the local costoms and practices abroad.You also can be more skilled use of english.
Second,online-learning can save a lot of money,when people want to take the course,they have to had in a lot of money buying books paying for the teachers.While studying online can skip over these unnecessary stuff.People can listen to the course immediately ,they just need to dlck on the button.
All in all,I think it is a great way to learn english online.
It's very important for our health to do some exercise.
I like doing sports and it makes me relax.
My favorite sport is playing tennis.
I always play tennis on Saturday with my friends.
I like tennis because it makes me strong.
I enjoy myself when I am playing it.
It made me more confident when I beat someone.
It also helped me make lots of new friends.
And I still keep in touch with most of them.
Tennis changed me a lot.
Now I am much healthier than ever before and have more friends.
I love tennis.
It changed my life.
My best friend June will comeing to Shandong this Sunday.
I am very happy that her comeing, I have told my parents and are happy about it too.
I will tell her Shandong is a long cultural place.
First,Shandong,Qu fu is the hometown of the great philosopher Confucius.
Many of the major cultural sites in the city are all as sociated with Confucius.
I am very like there.
The other place that we must visit is Mount Tai.
It is one of the Five Sacred Mountains.
and Ji nan is also visit the Baotu Spring park in Ji nan.
Then I will biring her to enjoy great food.
because Shandong is famous for seafood.
That very delicious.
I look forward to her comeing.
University study can be divided into two parts.One part is to learn knowledge in the book and another is to learn skills which can be helpful for your future career such as the capacity of communication.So you should use different ways to learn.
For the first part,you should acquire knowledge in the book by yourself a lot.Because teachers in university are quite different from teachers in high school.They don't often check your assignments as well as your attendance.So if you want to acquire more knowledge in the book,you should be self-disciplined.Library and self-studying are good places for you to study.As for the second part,the knowledge is invisible so that you can't learn them in the book but in outdoor activities.So when you have finished your assignments,you should go out to meet friends to establish your own community.What's more,you should participate in some clubs to improve your ability to plan,organize and operate.
In a word,you should keep a balance between outdoor activities and book study.Never focus too much on one part and ignore another.
My school is very big with many places.
Such as playground,radio room and reading room.
But my favourite place at school is reading room,because it is very bright and clean.
It has many useful books, such as newspapers,magazines and so on.
I like reading books because they not only provide me with knowledge but also help me learn about'what is happening around the world'.
Sometimes,I think I can talk to people in books.
When I feel tired,I think reading room is the best place to go to.
It makes me relax,so I like reading books very much,so I like reading room very much.
British-American relations encompass many complex relations over the span of four centuries, beginning in 1607 with England's first permanent colony in North America called Jamestown, to the present day, between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America.
The relationship goes back almost two hundred years before the United States declared independence from Great Britain.
Although several European powers explored and formed settlements in North America, the British soon controlled the most lucrative sea ports on the east coast.
These thirteen British colonies were the seedlings of what would become the United States.
The English language, legal theory, and lifestyle were the starting point of what became a diverse, multi-ethnic, American culture.
The United States and United Kingdom fought each other in the American Revolution and again in the War of 1812.
During the Civil War, the British were thought to have sympathies for the South, but this did not lead to a military conflict.
In World War I, the U.S. and the U.K. fought together, and in World War II the United States entered the European portion of the conflict in order to defend the United Kingdom and other European allies.
The two countries were also strong allies during the Cold War and first Gulf War.
The United Kingdom was the only top world power to support the United States in the Iraq War.
The American-British relationship has been marked by close friendships and working alliances between top leaders.
These include the links between Prime Minister Winston Churchill and President Franklin Roosevelt, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and President Ronald Reagan, and Prime Minister Tony Blair and President George Bush.
Today, the relationship with the United States represents the "most important bilateral partnership" in current British foreign policy, and the American foreign policy affirms its relationship with the United Kingdom as its most important bilateral relationship, as evidenced in aligned political affairs, mutual cooperation in the areas of trade, commerce, finance, technology, academics, as well as the arts and sciences; the sharing of government and military intelligence, and joint combat operations and peacekeeping missions carried out between the United States armed forces and the British Armed Forces.
The UK has always been the biggest foreign investor in the USA and vice versa.
The two countries combined make up a huge percentage of world trade, a significant impact of the cultures of many other countries and territories, and are the largest economies and the most populous nodes of the Anglosphere, with a combined population of over 370 million as of 2010.
The United States and United Kingdom share enormous trade and economic relations.
Each country is among the other's top trading partners.
On the diplomatic front, both are among the founders of the United Nations, NATO, World Trade Organization, G-8, and a host of other international bodies.
The U.S. and U.K. remain as two of only five members of the United Nations Security Council with permanent seats and veto power over all council actions.
As such, the diplomatic, economic, and military bureaucracies of each country are in constant discussion and coordination with their counterparts in the other country.
The United States shares with Britain many threads of cultural heritage.
Since English is the language of British and the Americans, both nations belong to the English-speaking world.
However, the common language does come with small differences in spelling, pronunciation, and the meaning of words.
The American legal systems is largely based on English common law.
The American system of local and government is rooted in English precedents, such as the offices of county courts and sheriffs.
Although the U.S., unlike Britain, remains highly religious, the largest Protestant denominations emerged from British churches brought across the Atlantic, such as the Baptists, Methodists, Congregationalists and Episcopalians.
Britain and the United States practice what is commonly referred to as an Anglo-Saxon economy in which levels of regulation and taxes are low, and government provides a low to medium level of social services in return.
Independence Day, July 4, is a national celebration which commemorates the July 4, 1776 adoption of the Declaration of Independence from the British Empire.
In modern society,more and more teenagers begin to use cellphone.but using cellphone is good or not,there are many different opinions.
Many people think that using cellphone is a good thing.It is convenient for us to communicate and connect.It is also a good way to search for the information that we need.
On the other hand,some people believed that teenagers use cellphone is a wrong thing.Because some teenagers play it all the day so that they can not study better.And it is not only bad for our health but bad for our thought ,so lots of adults forbid their children play cellphone.
In my opinion,every coin has two sides,we should use cellphone properly.And then it will help us a lot.
Today is the last sports meeting in our three years' high school life.
I signed up for the 800-meter long distance run,which was demanding.A case in point was that I failed to pass it last semester.Nevertheless,I hold the firm belief that I could accomplish it.
All the participants set out with the gun went.I've never felt that the time past so slowly.I was not a little exhausted after half of the distance.I was taken over by other participants one after another.So tired I was that I wanted to give up.
Finally,I came up to their exceptions that I stuck to the finishing line.I didn't get any ranking.On the contrary,I realized what matters is the process,not the consequence.How I wished time hadn't passed so quickly!
Last week,My family and I went to qingdao to have a trip.
To begin with,we went out by bus at 7.00 on saturday morning.Our destination ia golden beach.In the morning,we went to swimming in the sea.swimming is a healthy sport.besides,there are all kings of seafood,so we ate seafood on the beach.The seafood tastey very delicious.In the afternoon,we walked along the beach and enjoyed the view of the sea and took some nice photos.In addition,we went shopping to buy some sourenirs.
This trip left adeep impression on me.Though it was very tireed,we still felt very happy.we all think Golden beach is a very besutiful place.
Today my penfriend Mike who comes from England travels to my country China.
He called me to show him around the places of intrests.
I am very glad to be a guide.
I will take him to Beijing the capital of our country.
There are many places of intrests there.
One of the most famous places is The Great Wall.
Our first chairperson MaoZheDong said before that a man never visits The Great Wall is not a good man.
The Great Wall was built to against enemies in Qin Dynasty.
The length of The Great Wall is about twenty-one thousand kilometres.
It is very firm and wonderful.
Every one who has visited it think it is amazed that it was built by hands without machine and The Great Wall is considered to be the only man-made project can be seen from the moon.
We are all proud of it .
So i eill take my penfriend to visit The Great Wall.
My favourite animal is deer.
It has a pair of beautiful and large Antlers.
It has spotted coat pattern and sleek, slender limbs strong.
Temperament deer days in kind, gentle, restrained, deserves praise.
The deer in the ancient times is regarded as sacred, that deer can bring good luck and happiness and longevity.
There are many species of deer, the legend of Santa Claus riding is elk.
It comes from exoplanet.
I love deer.
Today,as more and more students use the mobile phone,and they have the habit of carring on the body all day,so it's common phenomenon that they use mobile phone in many public places.However, they don't seem to realize that their behaviours puts people's backs up in library and the like.
There is no doubt that this behavior will have no good effect.On the one hand, students who use it can't concentrate on their own studies when they constantly send or receive messages.
On the other hand, with the ringing of the phones and people's talking over the phone, students around them may be distracted from their reading as well.
As a college student I am,confronted with this phenomenon,I think we should use mobile phone in a proper way,Firstly, whenever you enter the library, turn your mobile phone into the mode of silence or vibration so as to avoid the disturbance of other students.
Secondly, if you do need to make a call or send or receive messages, you'd better go out of the reading room or at least try to reduce the volume of your sound and your phone's sound.
Respect yourself, or no one else will respect you.
We need to have an editor at school.The work includes two parts.
Firstly,you choose some articles for student which from English magazines and Internet.Secondly,you need to choose and editor articles.
We hope that the students meet demand.Previously,you are happy to contribute free time for students service.What's more,yours English level and arts are making satisfying.And you can use computers.
If you are interested in it,you will connect with Students'Union.
SRC-3 is a member of the p160 family and functions as a transcriptional coactivator of the nuclear receptor, especially ER.
Our understanding of SRC-3 and its contribution to cancers has been widely expanded since the deregulation of SRC-3 was primarily found in breast cancer in 1997.
Increasing clinical evidence show that deregulation of SRC-3 is associated with hormone-dependent cancers as well as hormone-independent cancers.
Both in vivo and in vitro studies reveal that SRC-3 is a bona fide oncogene and may promote cancer initiation and progression in a nuclear receptor signaling-dependent manner as well as a nuclear receptor signaling-independent manner.
Here, the focus of this review is to summarize the role of SRC -3 in cancers independent of nuclear receptor signaling.
Nowadays competition is becoming fiercer and fiercer.
However, education experts have different attitudes towards competition.
Which some think that competition is necessary.
Others think otherwise.
Competition has drawn extensive attention of the society.
There is consensus among person as to the view that nobody can avoid competitor in the school or the future life.
Competition has lots of advantages to children.
For one thing, it is an encouragement to cultivate the spirit of competition and cooperation.
For another, competition can give us a chance to be involved in all kinds of activities.
We can not only have access to more opportunities but also develop out abilities to the full.
However, a coin has two sides.
Eventually they become negative because of coming great pressure.
From my point of view, competition is important for us.
If we success during its process, we will gather experiences.
Although we failed, we can study some skills from our opponents.
On no account can we ignore the value of competition.
A very touching thing happened at school last Friday.
I believe you will be moved after reading this passage.
At that time was the second break, A girl suddenly fainted.
Sdudents were very panic, they didn't know what to do.
But a boy quickly thought a way to save the girl.
He found the nearest teacher and borrowed his mobile phone, then he called 120.
The ambulance came soon, and the girl was sent to hospital in time.
She was saved at last.
And her parents appreciate the boy a lot.
They wanted to give the boy something to thank him, but the boy refused.
In recent years, the domestic food safety problem is continuing concern.
More and more unsafe food filled in our side.
As people living standard rise, become to pay more attention to personal health.
Food safety to the society and people life to bring a lot of bad influence.
People 's consumption of food is always heavy-hearted, worry to buy health food.
Although the government introduced many policies to curb the unsafe food production, but there are always a few people for the sake of is not a means of.
I like the sincerity.
Sincerity people thermal property such as fire, are their eyes, the world of good, the heart is pure.
Sincerity is real sincere.
Sincere, honest to touch others from the bottom and eventually get the trust of others.
Only abide by sincerity, the world will become happy, beautiful Life will be filled with understanding and warmth life is a joy and happiness.
So in my heart sincere the heaviest.
Last weekends were very busy.
When I fished my homework,I helping my mother do the dishes and do some chores.
I helped my mother do the dishes and sweep the floor.
While I was sweeping the floor,my mother was making the bed.
When my father got come he helped clean the window.
In the evening I helped my mother made the dinner.
After dinner I helped my mother do the dishes.
According to the picture, it can be seen that food safety has become a hot topic among people and created some serious problems as well.
Melamine, Clenbuterol, Tainted steamed buns , which have brought a lot of harms in our daily life.
Nowatodays, the team has a new member to join in.
These harmful food additives although to bring tremendous benefits to illegal traders, but also to the consumers' body caused the damage.
Facing food safety to run this problem, we must take a series of effective measures.
If we can not take useful measures, we may not control this trend, and some undesirable result may come out unexpectedly.
How can we solve the problem?On the one hand, we should formulate relevant laws; on the other hand, we should punish illegal traders.
In a word, the whole society should pay close attention to the problem of food safety.
Only in this way can we have a healthy body in the future.
I'm glad to hear from you.
I'll give you my plan about the summer vacation which is coming soon.
As you know, after a long term's study, I may be really tired.
So I will have a good rest to relax my tried body and feelings at first.
Then, I plan to learn to drive.
Also, I will take some oral English courses so that I can improve my spoken English.
Finally, I'm going to visit some places of interest in Beijing.
Nether the Great Wall or the Summer Palace is a good choice.
I think it's practical plan and I can't wait enjoying the summer vacation.
NOW,in our life,we uausuly ues the computer to our work.
we became rely too much computer.
However, overreliance on computer may give rise to some problems.
One is that people are more likely to make spelling mistakes when they have to handwrite something.
Another is that people are so dependent on computers that they have lost the ability to think for themselves.
In my opinion, we can turn into a meaningful activity if students and the school make joint effort.
First.student should have a correct understanding of graffiti and find a proper way to relax themselves.
Hello everyone my name is D. Today let me tell you something about my best friend.
My best friend is an enthusiastic boy,his name's Tony.
He is sixteen years old.
And he's not tall but he is a very smart person.
We have too much resemblance,but we also have some differences,just like he is interested in too many other things.
For example,he likes playing football,listening music and playing computer games and so on.
In the school,he really is a good student,he studies hard,he is also modest to everyone.
And he is always helping the other people.
Remember before,he had patience to help me improve my English.
I really appreciate him.
So everyone in the school like he very much,he is very popular.
I think you like him like me.
As can be seen from the photo,a man is writing an application for getting a job.When he is writing,he is thinking of what job suits him.His left hand holds his head and his face is full of sweat.There are Plenty of papers in the table,most of the papers have wanted column.Obviously,this man has difficulty in hunting for a job.This is a common phenomenon in today's society.Actually there are some reasons.
First, the opportunities are not enough for increasing number of colleges.
It is hard to find a high-paying job.
So many graduates want to stay at home and rely on their parents instead of seeking job by themselves.
Besides, lots of graduates have highly standard to choose a company.If they choose a small company,they think they will lose their face and work they do unworthy of their talents.
Furthermore,when they study at university,they don't work hard and have no idea what they would want to be in the future.With clear plan,they will have motivation to work hard and to do what they are really interested in.
Last but not least,A majority of professors impart students too much theoretical knowledge.They are lack of practical skills,and when they enter into a new occupation,they need to make a fresh start.So many companies will make fully consideration whether to hire graduates.So employees need to have efficiently learning ability.
There are some tips.First,you should collect much information about finding a job and acquire job opportunity.This saves your time and money.Second,according to your interest and major to choose a job.
Interest is the best teacher.If you are interested in the job,you will be willing to spend more time in doing it and you will have a good mood which promotes highly efficiency.Third, you should write many applications to lots of companies which you choose and you also can write on the internet.Many people will see it.The words you write should express your confidence.Finally,It is important to have lots of knowledges to do the job and know company well which you would like to apply for.
Although the job is hard to find,the opportunity is only for the prepared mind.As a college student,you should have a clear plan and hard work to learn more knowledge and some skills to hunt a job.
Every one has a dream.My dream is to be a doctor in the future.
Doctors are nice and kind.
They devote all their lives to helping patients.
They are always dressed in white, so we regard them as White Angels.
It is said that doctors are always tired and busy working in the hospital , but it can't obstruct me in realizing my dream.
I'll study harder and read more books about medical science.
No matter how difficult, i will never give up my dream.
Why do I want to be a doctor?Because I want to save more lives.
I believe my dream can come true,if I study harder.
To studying art education in Chinese kindergartens and elementary schools, the author's family lived in the Jingling hotel in Nanjing where they occasionally find the contrast between American and Chinese.
They find that when their son tries to insert the key into the key slot, any Chinese staff member would come over to assist him, which indicates that Chinese would prefer to show children what to do rather than leave them to solve problems on their own like American.
According to his investigation, Chinese teacher stress that skills should be acquired early and creativity can be picked up later.
On the other hand, American educaator attach great importance to children's self-reliance and originality.
However, In my opinion, no one can get a great inspiration or accomplish enormous achievement without enough knowledge, so I think it is a good idea to receive knowledge first and then learn to creative.
In a word, it's apparent that the fostering of basic skills and creativity are both worthwhile goals, we can't afford to neglect either of them.
So it's high time that we found a superior education mode.
With the development of society, the car becomes more and more common in our life.
It makes our travels become more comfortable than before.
On the other way, the popullation of cars anb traffic are bad for our daily life, too.
road and streets become so crowded that people's daily life have been influenced.
The problem of traffic is really terrible.
Everyone knows cars play an important role in our life, cars make uc comfoetable.
In my opinion , people should usee their cars lless, and liant more trees so that the qualiyt of air will be better.
We should care about our environment, only in this way can we live in harmony with nature.
Reading is important in the whole life for people.
Reading always has influence in our life.
As far as I am concerned, reading is more important than practice.
There are many benefits of reading.
Firstly, reading increases our knowledge and we can learn the world without going out.
Secondly, reading is a good way to improve reading and writing skills.
Before you learn to write, you must know how others write.
Thirdly, reading can broaden our knowledge and horizon, which are important to job hunting in the future.
Finally, reading helps us become self-cultivation that would be beneficial to our whole life.
Books are our best friends.
To read a good book is just like talking with a great person.
So I think we should choose reading books as our hobby.
Then, you may find the great charm and benefits of reading.
We are what we read.
I think that we will become better after reading.
Last year,I took part in a wonderful table-tennis match.I learnd a lot from the game.such as team spirit organizing abiility so on.
First,I thought it was easy to organize a game.
Just a table.
Two players.
In addition, we need some audience .However ,when I hand in my plan to the PE teacher.
I was told to rewrite a particular plan.
I did't pay much attation to it.
Unluckly,when the day came, about 20 players stand in prepared well enough.
So, you can imagin how busy I was.I should have divided them into several groups, I should have invited more judges.
I should have prepared paper to write down the score.
I should have asked for three assistoes.etc.
Thanks to the PE teacher.
He helped me a lot.
He asked some high grade students to help.At he end of the game, I thought I was a assistors, not the organizer.
In a word, it's not easy to organize a game , espacially without any experiences.
Team sprit is very important when trouble comes.
Today is New Year's Day, every day, every family is very lively, a Chinese New Year every family to eat a very fatty foods, each meal should be placed before the whip, burn incense to the God of Wealth and hopes to make a fortune, a Children are up early to wear new clothes to go to the elders to pay, hoping to get older, the red envelope, Chinese New Year, and full of gaiety, today I am feeling very good.
Undoutedly, the turning point of our inner-minds is so important that it is worth to be remembered and cherished.
This phenomenon is typical in both sports and business field.
Milton Hershey, one of the greatest chocolate business men in the world, is a perfect illustration of this phenomenon.
In 1896, finishing his 4-year-apprenticeship of caramel in Lanchester, Britain, Hershey started to open his own shop right in Lanchester.
However, due to the British's unique preference of the taste, Milton Hershey's first try in business failed.
Then, Milton decided to go back to the U.
S and restarted his caramel store.
Having gone through last failure, this time Hershey became more careful and thus, his business ran fluently.Unfortunately, in 1904, Europe and North America experienced a depression of caramel industry, which resulted in the bankruptcy of numerous caramel stores, including Mr. Hershey's.
Instead of surrendering to the miserable destiny, he still sought the road to the success.
Eventually, as we all know, he did reach his success, and became a great business man.
It was that time did Hershey realized he was endowed with a remarkable characteristic, perseverance.
Another exemplification of this phenomenon is Kobe Bryant.
Being an excellent basketball player, Kobe also has his own most memorable moment.During the season 2003-2004, Kobe was accused for raping a young female waitress in a hotel at South Carolina.
Suddenly, all his reputation, fame, honor and advertisement contract form Nike were gone, even his coach, the man who used to treat Kobe as his own son, drifted apart form Kobe.
Apparently, this was a situation where everybody thought that Kobe would terminate his own basketball career.
Yet, standing against all the harsh critics and sarcasm, Kobe chose to not give up.
Then, his arduous training and preparing contributed to the champion of season 2003-2004.
There is a widespread concern over the issue that whether you prefer to study alone or study with a group of students.
When asked about this, different people gives their own ideas, varies from person to person.
In my opinion, I firmly support the latter one as a matter of fact.
What's more, there are several advantages, but they come down to three major ones.
First of all, studying collaboratively can make our idea clearer.
To discuss your problem with others, you must organize it well in advance, only in that case can you express it to your classmates clearly.
In this course, you are going deep into your problem.
Obviously, it can shed some light and stimulate thought.
Secondly, studying collaboratively can broaden our scope of mind.
Generally speaking, it is impossible that any two people have selfsame minds.
Therefore, cases flow more easily and make a lot more sense when we make our ideas clash by communicating with each other.
In the contrast, studying alone, just like that you are stuck in a corner and never have chance to watch the wonderful landscape of the outside world.
Thirdly, studying collaboratively can build a favorable atmosphere.
From what has mentioned above, we can tell that it is more advisable to study with a group, which will improve our efficiency of studying.
So, walk out from dormitory or library, join your classmates, talk out the issues, rather than study alone.
I think you will be benefiting from each other.
There are plenty of children in the world and some of them were spoiled by their parents especially in china.As far as my knowledge is concerned,a great deal of people tried their best to help the children with anything which they could consider such as the problem about go to famous brand school,the problem about get a job with high salary and even the problem of married with a beautiful woman or a rich man.
There is no doubt that give too more to children just like the parents in last paragraph may contribute to a serious result,lack of independent,which will become a great resistance in the journey of growing.Why do not we help children to get rid of this negative circumstance?It is a good idea to communicate with children so as to let them profess them devotion.Having completed homework,they could read some extracurricular book and do not forget do some exercise.
All of us should afford children more space to develop themselves.Only if we do this,children will be independent.
According to a recent survey involving over 3000 undergraduates, 35% of university students have never said "Thank you" to their parents.
Their parents have done all they could to bring them up in the past score of years, but have never been rewarded with gratitude.
The subjects claim such reasons as follows.
First and foremost, a quarter of the interviewed students regard it as parents' duty to support them spiritually and financially.
And it is not necessary to express appreciation to their parents.
However, the majority of youngsters are aware of their parents' tender love but are not accustomed to saying "Thank you".
Some even find a generation gap between themselves and their parents, thus feeling reluctant to express their affection for their parents.
In my opinion, extending thankfulness to our parents is a way of respecting them and their love.
We should express our feelings directly and bravely, but what's more important is, we should do all that we can to reward them.
recently years,with Economic business rapidly developed,more and more people shopping online.Therefore,online shopping also had been a fashionable.
Online shopping can bring us many benefits.For example,we can shopping at home,it's very convenient and needn't go out.Then,it can save much time,we can buy something just click the mouse.What's more,it's price very reasonable and also to be able to deliver.Online shopping has a big advantage that we can shopping at any time and any where.At the same time,there are some problems online shopping.When we shopping online,we only can see pictures of goods instead of the real goods,so,the receive goods may be diffirence.Besides,pay online may not security,password maybe stolen.Thus,the ccount would be cause a lost.
As we can see ,online shopping still exsit unsafe problems and some question.I advice that pay more attention to the goods assesments when online shopping,and note that the security of the network environmet when paying.
Currently,the major problem for job hunters to obtain employment.After they solve this problem,most of people will have some doubts about their choice:choose a high salary or a promising job.That's really a tough problem.
In the choice of employment,some people will prefer to have a high salary job.As a job hunter,maybe he or she has payed much for thier job hunting.They need money to make ends to meet.Most people need money to afford their family.For example,the peasant workers.As we all know,the peasant workers undertake all of expenses of their whole family.They are eager to high salary.To them,the job with more high salary is more important.Also there is another person maybe choose a job with high salary.The graduates who are come from countryside and their family is poor.After graduation,they want money to pay off loans taht their parents lent for their tutions.In a word,they also want to decrease their parents' burden.
Other people will choose a promising job.This kind of person have a long term vision.They want to walk further.They are willing to do a small job with a promising future.They have a strong mind to themselves.After a couple of years later,they will have a high salary and a high position.
After two years later,I will become a job hunter.In my mind,i will choose a high salary job to do.On the one hand,i want to make money to make my parents feel free.On the other hand,i just want to live happily.I think that i can find a high salary job which can make me happy.If i find a job with a promising feature,i think i will bear more various of pressure.I don't want to live with many pressure,i like easy life.So i would like to find a job with high salary not a promising feature.
As time goes by, the quality of our lives is developed observably.
Owing to the improvement of economy and the development of industries, many cities in the world are facing the problem of pollution.
And the pollution causes much inconvenience and harm, especially air pollution.
There is a way in my mind.
The pollution has something to do with human activities, so we should try our best to reduce or alter these activities.
Air pollution is due to wanton felling of trees, widespread use of personal cars and so on.
In terms of these reasons, we can come up with some measures.
The most important reason is the burning of material that contains carbon.
As a result of it, we are able to create new fuel that doesn't contain carbon.
Meanwhile we should reduce the use of fuel.
A lot of people ruin the environment at any cost for the sake of their own profits, which results in pollution.
However we must be aware that we can not get benefits at the expense of environment.
Three passions I have lived for, there are health, happiness and dreams.
I understand that I have to make efforts if I want to carry out my three passions.
Owing health, I will be able to create life's value.
So I should pay attention to diet and exercise at ordinary times.
In addition, I need to protect my body and psychology against hurts.
At the same time, I require happiness.
Only in this way I will spend every day merrily.
My life is incomplete if I lack dreams.
It is significant for me to have dreams.
When I struggle for the dreams, I can find out my life's power.
I will pursue my three passions, living life that I have lived for.
As the saying goes: every coin has two sides.
So this is the case with the super starts, who have to sacrifice their privacy by being a celebrity in the spotlight, which is the cost they have paid for.
As superstars, their private life becomes a focus of the public.
They have to consume the side effect their popularity has brought them.
They have come to terms with the situation.
They have to get used to being involved in different scandals.
On the day when they become celebrities , they should be aware that they will never hide their private life behind the public, for they are high profile.
They are no longer what they were.
To them , on the one hand, the public concern can be a challenge to their quality as well as their behavior , they have to learn regulate themselves whatever they do.
On the other hand, especially a film star, his or her behavior or words exemplify the images in the viewers, who like to relate their characters and qualities in the reality to the roles in the films or plays.
In a word, being a superstar not only means flowers and applause but also frustrations and sufferings.
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic Unhealthy Habits of College Students.
You should write at least 120 words following the outline given below in Chinese.
No less than 13 educators, one from each school district, in Licking County were honored with the "You Made A Difference" teaching award as given out by students.
Two among them are Lisa Preisser and Christina Sommerkamp.
Primary kindergarten teacher Lisa has been making a difference in students' lives for over 20 years.
She said to be both surprised and humbled by it while her boss called the award well-deserved.
"The award is very well-deserved.
She is a wonderful, wonderful teacher with a really unique program.
Christina is a fourth-grade teacher who was nomiated by a 10 year old student.
"She's a great teacher, and she helps me learn a lot.
Love cannot be expressed in words and they must be felt with the heart.Definition of a lot of love.Friendship and love..These is the people cannot be a lack of feeling.It is very important to us and we have to live with.
I love my family and my friends.My parents gave me life.My friend and I had the best day and will always continue.My parents and I get along as friends.They will listen to my advice.Never forced me to do things you don't like.Our relationship is equal.I thank my parents .They gave me encouragement and happy life.At the same time I am also grateful to my friends.
In eight years time they gave me a lot of laughs.We left many good memories.
We went shopping together watching movies shopping this life I am very happy.
I hope everyone can cherish this time.
Cherish every person around.These people are left in your life the most beautiful memories don't easily lost.
Words i ride the green valley,cattle out of the letter and went straight to Athens.
He invited Socrates to "talk",where Confucius aired wait here.
Socrates' approach "talk",in front of a plaque,wrote four Chinese characters "discuss without doing".
A greeting, but it will get into the business.
Mr Socrates said, "next to appreciate puts it, 'and when studies custom it, not also yue', I think happiness of life, is a virtue, but virtue comes from knowledge.
However, only to learn not, and cannot obtain the real knowledge.
Socrates said, "this is good, but there is still insufficient.
Socrates said, "SIMS with feud.
Lao tze in the smiling without a word.
My name is H. I am a Chinese student and I like English extremely much.
So my English mark very well.
You maybe ask me why I want to take part in summer camp.
In order to want introduce to China Culture to everyone and discover the other countries.
In my opinion,join in the summer camp can improve my English level,or maybe I can meet some friends who come from the other country.
I think this summer camp is beneficial chance which can give me a chance to talk with foreigner So I hope you can agree me to get this chance,to finish my dream.
I will be waiting for your reply.
Third, Borders did not diversify well.
In the 2000s, it generated hundreds of millions of dollars in sales of CDs and DVDs, and it expanded those sections in its stores.
By 2006, sales of music and video generated about one in five dollars for the company.
But the same forces killing the bookstore also killed the record store and the video store.
That revenue dropped off a cliff when iTunes, Netflix, and file-sharing networks became popular in the mid- to late aughts.
Borders also failed to generate robust additional revenues through coffee shops or alcohol sales, the savior of many a bookstore.
Barnes & Noble picked up the big, exclusive Starbucks contract.
Borders got its cheaper subsidiary, Seattle's Best.
In my school,you can jion lots of activities activities after school.I suggest you jioning them,because you can learn learn a lot from them.For example,you can keep healthy in out-door activities,watch English movies and learn English in English cerner,make friends in the most of after-class activities and so on.
In my opinion,I think basketbaii activities is good.As you know,studentsshould have a good body,and playbasketball can keep us healthy.
So I think after-class activities is good and we all like it.
In my opinion,it is really useful for us to learn by reading books.So I always do some reading in my spare time.Let me tell you the reasons.
When I read a interesting story book, I can feel more calm and relaxed.All kinds of books have different styles,but whenever you often benefit from them easily.Reading can not only open our minds but also make many friends by joining clubs.On the other hand,if we only practise without reading,that is not fun.
Above all,the best way of learning is reading books and doing a lot of practice.
I would like to suggest that everyone should keep reading and practising more in order to study better.
Nowadays,the number of people living in cities is raising.
Many cities are suffering from overcrowding.There is no doubt that we are facing many problems caused by overcrowding in cities.
First, more and more people to buy a car.
They frequently drive to work instead of walking.The increase in the number of the car,it brings a lot of problems.Such as,it will lead to the traffic jam.And it will bring the problem of environmental pollution.The second problem, people living in cities cannot get good living conditions.
The more population,the less house.Some people will not have houses to live.Some people will have enough money to see a doctor when they fell sick.And their children will not have opportunities to receive education.Because of the increase in population,it adds more pressure for people to find the job.The quality of life of people can not be guaranteed.Third,the overcrowding will lead to a shortage of resources.Some people who come from village will not have sufficient food to eat.
As a result,though so many serious problems we are facing,it doesn't mean we can never get over them.I think that the government should carry out some laws to control the growth of the population.
I think as a excellent teachermost important of all have a wealth of knowledge.Some of the teacher help his students to learn who with knowledge.In order to better let the students progress.
Next in importance,They need to have enough patience to accommodate and correct the mistakes of the students.
The modern science and technology abundant and convenience people's life .In the past people have few ways to have fun nowadays people can play computer games use the mobile phone and go to KTV.
The air-condition ,dust collector and microwave oven are the technology's product .In addition to this people go out can take a plane ,light railway and metro and many family have their private cars.
Before people can only take the bus and the air plane only for the leaders.
As everyone knows everything has two corns, before people did most things use their physical force.
The people's concept have a great change.
For example in the past people's target was to have enough to eat and wear but now people for keeping in a good health .There are the quick meal and night life,but dose everyone enjoy this life we live in?
There is no doubt that people can get a lot benefits from reading classics.It not noly a good way for readrs to broaden their horizon and increase their knowledge in many aspects,but also can learn the society characters by reading classic.However,some people hold different opinions,they thinks it is no use of reading classics becaus these classics are outdated and useless to our society and lives,their love is passion life ,full of modern.
My name is Amy.
I am a middle school student.
I like eating delicious food and drawing.
In my free time, I like playing the computer games ,watching TV and playing with my brother and sister.
I often stay at home with my family in my free time.
On the weekends , I usually go to the park with my friends when I finish my school.
I have a big and nice room.
I am tidy.
There is a table in my room.
The table is near the window.
There are some books on the table.
And there are some pictures on the wall.
They are very beautiful,.
And there is a bad near the wall.
There is a computer near the table.
The armchair is near table.
I love my room.
What about your room.
As we know,mobile phones are of great benefit to all of us due to its strong functions.They made our lives more convenient such as wo can keep in touch with our relatives who are far apart from us..Until today,smart mobile phones can do more for us,we use them to listen to music,watch movies,play games in our spare times,and wo can even do shopping at home through our mobile phones.
However,its advantages also lead some people to overuse them or even be addicted to them.In one hand,people prefer chatting on line to face to face talking,so people will be alienated from their families and friends.In te other hand,people who are addicted to games will abstain their studies and works,for a long time,their future broken.What a terrible problem!
In my opinion,the use of mobile phone must be limited by ourselves and we should make it useful for us instead of negative influence for us.Let the phone do right things for us!
As we all know, we are what we eat.
Therefore, it is important for us to form healthy eating habits.
According to some reliable research: most students are particular nowadays.
They like to eat meat more than vegetables.
They eat snacks instead of having breakfast.
In fact, it can cause weight problems.
Having breakfast is not goanna increase our fats but can make us feel energy.
But it doesn't mean we can overeat foods, it will cause many diseases.
For instantly, heart attack, cancers.
Ok. You may wonder what we goanna do about diet.And let me tell you that we must have regularly and various diet.
In addition, we should do exercise too so that we can keep healthy and have a nice life.
That's all.
Thank you.
In modern society,we everyone plays different roles and we need responsibility to face everything.As we all know,Responsibility is not a sweet word,It is a symbol of burden,If a man really wants to become a member of society,responsibility as an adult gift has been quietly landed on his back,Because of having responsibility,we have power and energy,also it can drive us forward,always forward all the time,so we can enjoy much happiness.
For someone,responsibility is an important foundation for success.Many successful people in the world,Although their life environment and life experience are very diffferent,they have a significant common characteristic,there is a deep sense of responsibility.
Responsibility for the family,everybody hopes to have a warm and happy family,because the family is the harbor of the love.As children,it is my duty to take care of your parents,we owe them a great deal for the love they give us while we are growing up,we should help them and give them everything what we can do and get when they are getting older.As a wife or a husband,we must be responsible for our family,we need to be honest for our parents.
As democratic country citizens,we must have a strong sense of responsibility to our country.It's our obligation to keep our country strong in the world.Therefore,we should study and work hard for country's strength which also depends on the advanced science and technology,we should protect our country from the damage of other factors.
Finally,we must remember that we have a responsibility to the world to live in.It is important for us to live in peace with other countries and protect our environment.If we carry out the responsibilities,the wounds should not belong to us,tears would not belong to us,We pursue happiness and peace.
In the modern society,science and technology advanced so rapidly.More and more things open our eyes and broaden our horizon.Meanwhile,the problem of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere becomes more serious.As a result,it leads to global warming.
Continued carbon dioxide increase,it produced by factories and car,not only threatens to exhaust our resources,but also pollutes our environment.A great deal led to the steadily concentration of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere.So the problem of global warming becomes more and more terrible.
On the one hand,we should take measures to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere and solve it.Measures and well known to everyone---plant trees and reduce mineral combustion.A great deal should be done to control the global warming.
On the other hand,everyone must refrain from the global warming.We should recognize that it is the duty of every individual,not that the government alone.
My name is M.I am a student in class2,Business English.I come from Y, N.I have a big face,so I was looked fat.Many classmates called me "Kay Kay",I like this nickname,because I think it is cute and it stands for their love.I like music and sport.My favorite sport is basketball.In these days,I have joined the basketball team which will contest for basketball trophy.It's so cool!And I always listen to music for a rest.
When I was a little girl,I told myself that I must to be an English teacher or a foreign trade specialist.Because they can talk with the foreigner well.I think they are wonderful,so I want to be them.
In my college,I hope I have a fluent English spoken after two years,I can do my favorite things,I also hope our teacher teach us more knowledge,I would study hard.I believe my future is nice!
In our childhood.the first thing we were told is to be honest.
If you lie to your parents.they would beat you.
And if you cheat at exams, the teacher would give you a bad punishment.
The following is my opinion.
First, it's Chinese's traditional virtue.
We learn honesty from our parents and deliver it to our children.
It helps to make our society more harmonious.
Today, many people are money-oriented and forget moral tense.
Second, it pays to be honest.
A person who wants to get a true friendship must be honest.
People always trust and respect honest man.
It can also help you to find a good job because every employer needs honest employees.
As a good quality, it benefits us and paves the way for our success.
Third, honesty means speaking the truth and being fair and upright in action.
It concerning about one's deep inside.
Being honest to yourself and others make you understand what you live for so that when you face difficult position, you will not lose your faith.
In a word, behave honestly to oneself is very important and meaningful.
We all should be honest.
Nowadays problems about environment become more and serious .There are so many pollution and natural disasters in the world,and they all have unpredisctable effect , more and more factors function ,follow that also have some water pollution ,air pollution .
Taking good care of our environment is very importment wherever you live ,you can do something around your neighbourhood .Ii's our duty to keep our environment clean and tidy .
I take some advice for your government ,we can planting trees or the mountains ,that we can looking at other animals ther ,because we supply a comfort table atmosphere ,the second advice is there government should forbid destroying vegetation,river and lakes ,oceans,as and the atmosphere as well ,the last voice should be made to announce the public of the importmence of protecting the environment.
This article states that American venture capital and private equity firms have expanded to new pastures as Europe.
They had expected quick and easy success there but were depressed by unexpected difficulties.
However, Europe is still a promising market if they can blend Silicon Valley style into the local culture.
Although American VCs all consider setting up offices in London as the first choice, they depart into two groups as whether to set dedicated European fund.
Besides, they have different interests and prefer different styles and industries.
When first landed on Europe, they had expected to harvest quick success.
However, they later found it quite challenging to put theory into practice, given the fact that substantial political, institutional, regional, economical and cultural difference stands between Europe and America.
If they focus on building companies instead of pursuing quick money, Europe is still attractive for invest.
With their experience in start-ups, their reputation, and professional network, they can still make profit in early-stage investment, even if their European competitors are quite strong.
In Europe, tolerance for risk is low; domestic market is small; companies have no reference frame.
Nevertheless, the forthcoming deregulation provides American VCs with new battleground.
In the long-run, Europe is promising for American venture capital, if they can successfully combine Silicon Valley style with local culture.
It is really a tough problem about using euthanasia is a mercy or a murder for patients which have puzzled people for a long time.Despite progress in understanding of death and dying,thorny issues remain.
Some people consider that using euthanasia is a mercy because they think if a patient is dying and has no hope to recover,using euthanasia may let him escape the misery.To their families,it can reduce their financial burden and let them get rid of endless sadness.To this point,using euthanasia is a mercy.
However,some people hold that using euthanasia is a murder.Ethicists fear that under the guise of meadical decisions not to treat certain patients,death may become too easy,pushing the country toward the acceptance of euthanasia.If euthanasia is easily allowed to use,some doctors may not try their best to salvage patients and easily give up the hope of life.Doctors say prognosis is often uncertain and that patients,just because they are old and disabled,should not be denied life-saving therapy.To this point,using euthanasia may become a murder especially when the doctor do not ask the patient' view.
As far as I am concerned,euthanasia can be a mercy if the laws are perfect and we have effective supervisory organizations.Once my grandfather had a good friend who had got a serious cancer.These days he suffered a great pain and was waiting for the death.In the beginning,he could still bear the pain,but later he must rely on the morphine.His family's choices are to put him in a nursing home until he dies or to a medical center for diagnosis and possible treatment.At his last time,he looks terrible because he was so thin and weak .He said to his family:"Why not let me die earlier?I suffered so much.
"I am very sad to witness this tragedy.So I think,a person can be given a better way to die,if he is dying.And euthanasia can give patients a chance to die with more dignity.
I had an unforgettable experience during my school time .
That year , I prepared to gain admission to a university .
At that time , my grades was quite bad .
So I stayed up till dawn preparing for the exam every day .
When I was tired , I would fantasize about wonderful life in the university .
Every teacher didn't like me , including my head teacher .
They all thought I was a bad student .
I felt a sense of loss when I heard that .
I struggled to follow the teacher's step , but it didn't work .
I felt upset , I didn't know how to help myself .
Even I thought I was a bad student .
No matter what the teacher said , I just did what I want to do .
It was no doubt that her appearance was a significant turning point in my life .
She was a gift that god sent to me .
Mrs Mary , an english teacher , came into my life .She was like an angel .She didn't mind what the other terchers talk about me .
She treated me like everyone else is fair .
In her class , I was filled with happiness .
The more I learned , the more confident I became .
I thought she understood me .
As time went by , we became the best friends .
When I was sad , I would chat with her .
When I was confused , I would ask her for help .
She always comforted me , and gave me a big hug .
From her encouragement , my hope was lighten up again .
I restarted to work hard .
She was always proud of me for my progress .
Although I didn't enroll in a elite university , she also congratulated me .
I would never forget her , my best teacher , Mrs Mary .
Passions simple but overwhelmingly strong, it is important to all of the people, including me.
These passions bring me some purposes for living.
Without these passions, I would become a walking dead person, I would lose the meaning of life.
There are three passions which I have lived for.
First, I have lived for my dream.
I want to be a successful woman.
To bring a good life for my parents is my purpose of life.
I will study hard to achieve my dream.
Second, I want to find a man witch I loved for.
Love is a magical thing.
If you haven't experienced affection, you are not a complete person.
You lost the most excellent part of your life.
So my second passion which I lived for is love.
Last but not least, my third passion for living is knowledge.
I have wished to understand the hearts of man.
I have wished to know why the stars shine.
And I have tried to apprehend the pythagorean power by which number holds above the flux.
These are the three passions in my life.
The more passions you have, the much happier you are.
Without passions, live is meaningless.
With these, I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the chance was offered me.
Every one has dream,me too.
My dream is not too big, because I think big dream is hardly to come true.
My dream is to be a teacher,but not a middle school teacher or a primary school teacher.
I want to be a university teacher.
Do you want to know why?Because I think it is good to be a teacher to teach children knowledge.
Middle school teacher's work is too hard.
They must work on all school days and sometime on weekends.
having free time to do some things.
First I must study hard now.
Then I will know a lot.
It\'s the most important thing.
Second I must be friendly in every day now.It\'s a important thing to be a teacher too.
I hope my dream will come true.
Now more and more person have a various of diseases which are difficult to cure.Because of it,we must discover a useful way to solve the problem.Some scientists find cloning can do it.Cloning helps us find cures to fatal injuries and diseases.Besides,it helps couples to have babies they cannot have otherwise.As a result,it can enable endangered species to increase their population.Cloning is not only used in medical,but also used in agriculture.We can use cloning to make some crops which can produce a lot.It massively improve the agricultural industry.
In conclusion,it is convenient to us in our daily life.
The mobile phone I possess now is an inexpensive and popular one with touchscreen produced by Nokia.
The most impressive part of this mobile phone is that the design is extremely simple.
It is 111 mm long, 51.7 wide and 15.5 thick with curve form at each angle.
It has black color and a 3.2 inches touchscreen under which there are three keys.
Meanwhile, on the top right corner of the phone, you can see a camera and the left a logo of Nokia.
This mobile phone is also very easy to manipulate.
If you have one,you can use all the functions with just a tap .
What's more, you are allowed to download lots of software and I'm sure you can acquire much knowledge and have lots of fun.
I like my mobile phone.
Along with the increase in students number, many problems appear as.
In the library there are a lot of people carrying cell phones, this phenomenon has become so common that it may be possible to make loud noise to influence others.
There is no doubt that this behavior will have no good effect.
On the one hand, students can't concentrate on reading that USES it.
On the other hand, as the ring of mobile phones and people's talking by phone, students around them can be distracted.
Reading in the library, therefore, must have certain rules.
First of all, when you go to the library, please will mobile phone vibrate or mute, in order to avoid the interference of other students.
Second, if you need to make a phone call or send messages, you'd better consciousness out of the library, so that the library has a quiet environment.
After a long summer vacation, the new semester begins.
New students come to a new place.As we all know, well begins half done.
It is important to have a great beginning.
Here are some suggestions to you.
First, you will meet your roommates, whom you would live with for about four years.
Get familiar with them as quick as possible.
Because having friends together with to adjust to the new life is better than one person alone.
Second,it is about the lectures in college.
They are more different from the lectures in high schools.
You would have more free time to learn things by yourself, So it is necessary to improve the self-study ability.
If you have problems that you cannot solve, you could ask your teachers for help, they will be willing to help you anyway.
Third,the club activities in college are rich and colorful.
You can choose the club what you interested in.
It can enlarge your society of friends in college and make the space time more substantial.
Fourth I will talk about the part-time jobs.
As the new students, it is not so agreeable to find a part-time job in your first semester, the firs place in the college is not earning money but to study.
You may enlarge the vocabulary and make the sentence form more rich.
Mary, who was my senior high schooi classmate, got married last year.
And, she becomes a doctor.
She works so hard that she often forgot to eat dinner.
She treats every patient well.
think she is a friendiy doctor.
However,she is a seriously mother at home.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.First,I'd like to talk about my family.Ten years later,I will be 28.I will have a family with a humor husband.Maybe we'll have two lovely babies so that they can play together.I won't live with my parents,but I'd like to buy a house for them near my home.Second,working is a vital thing.I really have interested in Chinese language and literature.I wish I can work in Confucius Institute.I can practice my oral English as well as spreading Chinese culture.That will be useful.I wish I can be well-paid.Third,I think I can have a colorful spare time in the future because I really love travelling and reading.Maybe I will travell for a month with my family and a pet dog every year!
What's more,I wish I can have a healthy body to support me making my all dreams come true.On balance,I wish I can lead a happy life!
With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers,most of people are fond of online shopping.
It's estimated that tens of billions of people going shopping on the Internet.
Today Let's talks about the advantages and disadvantages of online shopping.
There are plenty of advantages, one advantage of which is its convenience.
On account of its convenience, most people who are engaged in working will shop on the net.
All they need to do is to sit on the armchair and click the mice.They don't need to go out to go shopping and can receive what they need at home.
Furthermore,the commodities of online stores are in all shapes, sizes and colors on the Internet.
That's of reasons why people enjoy buying clothing on the Internet.
Last but not least,online of shopping can reduce people's outing.
So it can have less automobile exhaust.
Whereas,we should attach importance to its disadvantages.
In the first place, we can't see real commodities on the Internet.
Therefore we may not like the goods when received them because the goods are not in conformity with the goods on the net.
The colour assortment may be bad or the quality may not be reliable.
What's more,customers may purchase false goods.
My friend ever bought an apple phone which is very expensive on the net.
Nevertheless after a period of time,she found it didn't work and couldn't repair.
Some shops on the Internet are not registered,once cheated, you will find that you have nowhere to go to complain.
In my opinion,the advantages of on-line shopping are far beyond its disadvantages.
Shopping on the Internet has become increasingly popular in our life.
Here consumers can buy almost everything they need.
With the development of the network technique and government's supervision,online shopping will become more and more secure.
The article of my speech today is 'How to Protect a Historical Place in Our Hometown'.
As is known to all, China, where I was born, is one of the world's most wonderful countries.
In this mighty nation which is situated in the east of the world, there lie many historical places.
However, as time passed by, these places of interests were broken in different degrees.
And as far as I am concerned, the Great Wall, which is of world renown, need to be paid enough attention to.
In ancient China, many people tended to build walls around their states to protect their land.
As far back as the Spring and Autumn Period, many long walls were set up.
When Qin Shihuang brought China together in 221BC, he had all these walls joined up in order to resist attack of some minority nationalities that lived in the border of the Qin Dynasty.
And since that time, the walls have often been repaired or added to, especially during the Ming Dynasty.
At present, the Great Wall, also called the '10000 li Great Wall', is over 6300 kilometers long, and is one of the greatest wonders of the world.
Into the bargain, the Great Wall, which runs over mountains, through valleys and deserts, was very hard to build.
However, as such a vast and brilliant project, which is not just made of earth and stone, but of blood and flesh as well, the Great Wall is now facing terrible difficulties.
One of the problems comes from the local residents.
Some of them do not realize the value of the wonder and take away bricks and stones from it, which causes damage to the beautiful building.
What's more, the visitors also can't show their love and respect to the miracle in a proper way.
They are too excited to help leaving their names on the walls.
So, it is important for us to take steps to protect the Great Wall without a moment's delay.
In my opinion, the urgent task on hand is to make people aware of the importance of caring the wonders.
At the same time, the government is supposed to work out some rules to prevent people from destroying the Great Wall and have experts to repair it.
So, let's try our best to enjoy and protect the treasure that our ancestors left us.
That's all for my speech, thank you for your patience.
The Spring Festival is celebrated by the Chinese people; Christmas is celebrated by Westerners.
Though they have different cultural backgrounds, the two holidays are alike in some aspects.
The Spring Festival and the Christmas have a lot in common,for example,firstly,they both celebrated in winter.Secondly,like the western Christmas,the Spring Festival is the most essential festival in China.Both in western countries and eastern countries,everyone will return home to spend this day with their families.Besides,they will have a big meal which extremely delicious, and everyone will have fun in this day.
Besides similar aspects,they have different aspects.First ,one is western festival ,the other is eastern festival .Second unlikeThe Spring Festival , the christmas day will buy a christmas tree for their children,the santa will also bring them gifts,but Spring Festival ,parents will give children gifts and money.
As the pace of life is getting fast and fast, everyone in this competitive society is supposed to face all kinds of stress, especially teenagers.
Without too much experience of dealing with stress, some of them may have immature action.
In recent years, more and more experts and psychologists have put attention to solve the problems caused by stress.
According to the famous psychologist Lazarus, stress is a particular relationship between one person and the people, events, and things.
If the relationship causes unbearable burden or does harm to the person's health and benefit, this relationship will be considered as stress.
For teenagers, stress mainly comes from three parts of life which are life events, interpersonal stressors and school life stressors.
