Above all, different personalities decide different destiny.
It is important for people to form and train good personalities.
With the development of economy and society, our educational level is also in constant improvement.
Needless to say, we grow all can not do without the hard work of parents.
But now, in the society, it is not difficult to find many students and their parents have never said thank you.
This is a make everyone think this a problem.
In this case I think on the one hand is because students to parents to have as a habit, on the other hand, I think parents should also have the responsibility to educate the children manners.
In this case the existence of college students now I think first of all to let them know what influence how much.
Secondly, let parents understand the problem, let the education of their children is not just stay in the knowledge level, it is also important to strengthen quality education of children.
I believe that through the joint efforts of parents and students will have to happen to a minimum, let us work together to build a harmonious society.
I often image what my life will be like in the future.I think it may be busy but interesting.
I wonder if I will be a busy assistant in a big firm and will always be busy with everything.Although I may be so busy,I also want to live with my family and I think family must come first.I prefer a healthy lifestyle,so I want to have some spare time every morning to run in the parks.Maybe I will meet a lover and form my own family.
All in all,I want a bright and happy future.And I think I am fortunately enough to have such a happy life.
In my understanding, if we refer to an ideal college life as a formal western dinner, then a high GPA, that is, Grade Point Average, should be the main course, while an active part in activities, together with associations, means the appetizer.
Some romances, of course, play the role as desserts.
They are the 3 key elements for an ideal college life.
Those, however, are not what college life is all about.
As we all know, college is wildly different from middle school.
It connects not only adolescence to adulthood, but also the ivory tower to the real society.
Therefore, the ideal college life is that I become matured both physically and mentally, and that I obtain qualified academic knowledge and get well prepared for society at the same time.
Under this circumstance, I never expect my college life to be too ideal, or you can call it too perfect.
It is not realistic to make all things on my own way, with everyone liking me, winning the first prize all the time, and so on.
Of course, I'd like a carefree life.
However, this does little good to my future.
What really helps is hardships like failure, betrayal, and unjust treatment.
Only after experiencing those can I know what society is like, and what life is like.
To conclude my speech, I wanna say, some positive experiences are surely part of the ideal college life.
But, I should not forget about the negative sides.
They are not less necessary.
It is a man's duty that creativeness and a creative attitude to life rather than his right.Generally speaking,creative thinking depends on human creativity,which reflects people's thinking.Even though they have their own content and features,this is a perfect unity.For us,we should think creatively about our life.
Creation is started from the existing things.A gifted artist or a thinker will change the material of the hand into a kind of new creative lasting value.This is what we think about the creativity.As people say,if the ideas of others seem less coherent thoughts,you begin to find contact,then you are creative.Moreover,these ideas and original thoughts seem a bigger gap,and this thinking makes you creative your life more.
No matter how old you are,as long as you can keep thinking creatively,you're still young.
My name is C who lives in New York.
Last week, I had a trip in Beijing.
I felt very happy and excited.
I took a plane to Beijing and I arrived there at four o'clock in the afternoon on November the third.
It was very far.
I stayed in Beijing for four days and visited a lot of the places of interest.
I also ate many Chinese food, they were delicious , I like them a lot.
And then, I went back to America.
I thought I had a good time in China.
Before winter comes, we all will have a good time in this season.
Soon, I have come to Luoyang institute for two months.
Here, I am extremely happy to be capable to make so many friends.
In the later days, I will share happiness and distress with them.
Winter is a good season for us.
For example, I will learn more professional knowledge and skills, I will also work to further improve my ability in the student union, and more importantly, I can also take in the way and make more friends.
So, in the winter, I will try my best to study and work.
I hope in this cold a season to exercise myself, become independent, autonomous, strong learning ability of comprehensive.
Although time is short, I will do my best to reach this goal.
At the Spring Festival is a time when my new confront up.
So, we should also try our best to study and work, in order to the brilliant tomorrow.
In today's society,more and more parents take care of almost everything concerned with their children.Some parents believe that this is love, however, gradually some of the children get used to depending on their parents and lack the ability to solve problems independently.
I think there are some ways to help children to be independent.
In the first place,parents should give their children the freedom to make choices for themselves.It can give their children more space.In addition to this,parents should teach their children some basic skills,such as clean their rooms as well as wash clothes.The most essential thing is,parents should be confident with their children.
To be independent is good for the children.Only an independent person can live and succeed in this world.
As the saying goes"the early bird catches the worm".
Diligence has a profound effect on what we has a desire to do undoubtedly.
When I was in my middle school,I had a classmate who was not so excellent.Not the most intelligent as she was,so industrious she was that she made twice efforts as much as other peers.Unfortunatly,the scores disappointed her predominately.Nevertheless she never abandoned it.She firmly confided that efforts would be eventually paid off.Ordinarily,after 23o'clock she quit learning.Everyone appreciated her though she was desperately excellent as we expected.Nevertheless now,she was the preferable student in a crucial institution.Everyone showed gratification to the industrious girl.
Don't ignore the significance of diligence as it is of great importance.On no account can we leave it behind,or we will regret.
Time flies, we have changed from original verdant girls to today's juniors.
We have spent the new school year about three weeks.
I thought we would be more relaxed and planed to do preparation for taking part in the postgraduate entrance exams, but I found I was wrong.
I have so much homework to do that I have no time to carry out my plan.
In the past three weeks, we have written three compositions.
I know that if we want to improve our writing skills, we should do more exercise.
But I think assignment's quality is more important than it's quality.
If we want to improve the level of writing, we have to find its deficiencies in compositions, and modify and strive to make each composition is to our satisfaction.
Blindly only knowing to write, not to find problems which will only is a waste of time.
It's not only to celebrate the found of New China, but to let us have a rest.
People can make use of the small long vacation to have travel or stay at home to relax themselves, for college students like us, can be reunited with their parents, enjoy the time with them.
Take me for example, in addition to the time spent on the road, I only have five days' holiday.
If I have lots of homework to do, it will make me have a little time to get along with my parents.
Even if I can make time, I cannot have peace of mind to stay with them.
Just like teacher you go out to have travel but there are a lot of researches need to be done immediately.
So the travel will be meaningless.
In order to let us can spend the National Day Holiday happily, and make it meaningful, so teacher doesn't give us assessment for the National Day Holiday, please.
My daughter's story tells about a daughter refused her friend to eat McDonalds and felt grateful to her for her invitation, but when the daughter invites her friend to have dinner with her family her friend say yes without hesitation.
The general terms "high context" and "low context", which popularized by Edward Hall, are used to describe broad-brush cultural differences between societies.
If you travel a lot, you may find that people in different places in the use of language have different degree show.
In high-context cultures, such as Chinese, Japanese, Koreans people are homogeneous with regard to experiences.
Since the childhood is education people talk too tactfully, cannot be too direct.
But in low-context culture, such as American and Canada, people are often asked to express your meaning; don't beat around the bush, tactfully.
Under the low context culture, people value of self expression.
You may also be thought of, when low context culture background in high context culture; he was greatly increased by the possibility of misunderstanding.
So we need to understand the differences between different cultures.
Learning English online is a positive method.
It can make our get out depressed of leaning English.
not only did learning English online make our feel comfortable, but it also to elevator ourselves mind.
At the virtual world.
People can communicate with each other who can speak English .
Because of learning English online is very quickly and easily .
So we can exchange the experience of learning English on the Internet.
Learning English online are breaking down the boundaries of time and space.
So we can set up our own study schedules according to our own needs .
We can reap the benefits of learning English online.
So enjoying learning Enlish online.
The graph presented in a line chart illustrates the number of vehicles sold in the US and China markets from 1980 to 2008.
We can see from the line chart that there are two lines.
One is the number of vehicles sold in the US and the other is the sales situation of China.
Let's analyze the situation of US first.
During the year from 1980 to 1984, there was a sharp increase.
And the number was decreasing from 1984 to 1992.
We can also see that the figures bottomed out in 1992; nevertheless from 1992 to 2004 the number remained stable.
Then the number decreased over the period from 2004 to 2008.
While, it is clear that the number of vehicles sold in China shows an upward trend.
From 1980 to 2004 the number increased stably, soaring rapidly from 2004 to 2008.
People may ask what caused the situation.
Many reasons can explain it.
Let me offer the reasons for the situation.
First of all, there are differences between the US and China in economic foundation.
One is ample and the other is weak.
However with time going on, the economic development of China is growing rapidly.
Second, our country took effective measures to become richer and richer.
So an increasingly number of people have the ability to buy vehicles.
Third, many Chinese people break out their traditional lifestyle.
They are much wealthier than before.
With high income, they are not only satisfied with eating and clothing and some of them are willing to buy vehicles to make their life more convenient than before .They begin to pursue the high quality of life.
With the development of China, all kinds of vehicles would be used in transportation.
What's more, during the 30 years, more enough highways were built.
Besides, the vehicle industry had developed rapidly.
In brief, I have finally reached the conclusion that during the last 30 year.
Our country developed in a high speed.
Most Chinese people became richer than before.
In addition, our government regarded the public as the most important.
In my personal opinion, our country will come to the first one day.
As a Chinese, I'm proud of it.
Wish our country lucky forever.
At present, there is a phenomenon that many goods are on excessive packaging.
Those goods are packaged by many good packaging.
The reasons for this phenomenon are chiefly as follows.
First, the company takes this measure to promote the products.
Good packaging can cause the consumers' desire to purchase.
Secondly, when purchasing, many consumers will pay more attention to the packaging, especially the gift.
In addition, the relevant laws and regulations are defective.
In my opinion, it is a waste of taking excessive packaging.
Things are important always because of its usage.
The government should take measures to solve this problem.
The companies and consumers should also change the opinion to sell or buy things.
Simple packaging can save many resources and protect the environment.
Everybody should have the awareness of saving.
Every small effort makes a difference.
Nowadays so many College Students is lock social practice.So many Students are like lazy.
College student should take park in social practice.Nowadays social practice has been more and more popular in universities and colleges.The student should enter social.Surely social practice has many advantages.I think social practice can offer students a change to contact society.So students can apply practice work,Social practice can bring them some reward.
In order to carry out social practice smoothly.Students should first know its objective.They should put their studies in the first place and see social practice just as a useful supplement,So they ought to try to strike a balance between social practice and their studies.
Nowadays,there is a tendency that many people move to the urban areas to settle down,which directly results a growing number of people who lives in the city.
However,this phenomenon has aroused various side effects which need people to pay attention to.These problems can be listed as follows:First of all,the urbanization indirectly leads to the poor economics matters,which deepen the gap between poor and rich grades to a large degree.And then the second,it is getting more and more serious that many rural children can not get well carings due to the absence of their parents.Last but not least,many farmlands is wasted duo to the reduance in farmers,which seriously intiminates our government.
From my standpoint,the solution to the urbanization is to strengthen the economic power of our rurul areas.Only in this way,will we solve the problem probably.
In my opinion,a good teacher should be kind and patient.And the first impression are said very important.If the teacher have a good impression for students,I think students will love this subject.And a good teacher should be amusing and interesting,that students can make fun in the class.There are a few studens who make mistakes,a good teacher won't be angry with them but patience taught to them.What's more,a good teacher should not only rich in knowledge but also love to talk to students so that the students will like the lession.
I don't think that a good teacher should be strict and unsmiling.Because the students will dare to ask questions to the teacher.
In a world,a good teacher should be a good friend of his students and don't be very strict and he should open-minded so that he can talk to his students.
With the development of the society, people pay more attention to their cultural lives.
As a result, tourism is becoming more and more popular as one part of it.
Of course, there must be problems with tourism's prosperity.
On the one hand, it can boost economic growth.
Firstly, it expands the chance of landing the job and reduces the pressure of unemployment in a way.
Secondly, it can attract investment which can be used in improving the local environment.
On the other hand, some cultural relics are faced with the problem of being destroyed for there is an increasing number of visitors.
It's known that some people are fond of signing their name wherever they travel.
And others throw rubbish everywhere.
It's really harmful to enjoying sightseeing.
Actually, every coin has two sides.
As far as I'm concerned, we should support the development of tourism powerfully.
Some regulations should be published by local government to protect environment from being destroyed at the same time.
As for ourselves, we are supposed to form a good habit.
I believe that the tourism will bring us greater benefits if we can deal with the contradiction between development and environment.
Over the past couple of years, a variety of talent shows have emerged on TV channel across our country, from Happy Girls to Super Boys and so forth.
This type of entertainment programs is intensely popular, especially among youngsters.
It produces profound impacts on their studies and life.
They believe that the TV talent show can change their fate.
At least, they say the program offers the opportunity to show and develop their talents.
On the other hand, a number of people hold a negative attitude to TV talent shows.
They maintain that The TV talent showing today is like a fiver that has risen to its flood level.
It misleads the youth and makes them believe that they can make a fortune or become famous overnight.
As a result, a lot of students can't make a fortune or become famous overnight, and a lot of students can't calm down to study during the show's season.
In my opinion, I believe that the TV talent show is like a double-edaged sword and it is important for us to face it properly.
For one thing, the TV studios are supposed to offer more opportunity and favorable shows.
For another, the media ought to give people proper guidance and refrain from exaggerating the effects from the show.
When it comes to say about my dream,there is no doubt that I'm eager to be a pediatrician,which is objected by my parents.
The most significant reason why I'm dreaming of being a pediatrician is that I think it will give me a sense of accomplishment if I can save people's lives by my unremitting efforts,especially the children's.Furthermore,I feel it a great pleasure to get along with children because of their innocence.And maybe you'll consider me as a childish man, but during the period we get together with children,we can learn a lot from them beyond expectation.
To realize my dream,I will make a great effort to learn medical expertise.Undoubtedly,only this is far from enough.I'll participate in some activities which are related to children or sign up for a volunteer to help children which will make me a patient person and cultivate my good habits as well.
This article presents an introduction to the practices of American venture capital in European market from the following seven aspects: investment opportunities, investment regions, investment sectors, investment style, investment performance, competition status, current obstacles and future expectations of the market.
First, the initial intention of investment in European market stemmed from the favorable transformation of its business and corporate environment over the last five years.
Then local offices have been set up by American VCs to enhance their understanding of the local practices and habits.
London is specially favored as an ideal location to explore the European market.
As far as the investment models are concerned, a dedicated fund is usually set up to target the market while others may run global fund to ensure best opportunities.
Semiconductors and microprocessors, IT and software, biotechnology and healthcare product, telecommunication and media are the main focus of investment.
However, due to market fluctuation and cultural, political and institutional differences, the Americans underperformed their expectation.
What can be drawn from this lesson is that investors should switch back to correct assessment criteria on company's potentials rather than make quick money.
The niche for the American VCs is the early-stage investments in young companies in high growth sectors compared to their European competitors.
Although low tolerance of risk and market segmentation may be the current obstacles, the American VCs believe in promising outlook and deregulation trend of the market.
This lecture was held by the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill during World War II.
On account of Hitler attacked and invaded Russia, Churchill showed British position ---- made a clear decision to the Britain that they should give whatever help they can to Russia and Russian people, and appealed all people in every part of the world to take the same course---resist against the fascist alliance and fight for freedom.
This speech is full of outstanding arguments and the flame of humanity.
Although Churchill was opposed to the Soviet communism, standing on the Britain, he realized that this time he must cooperate with Russia and help Russia.
Therefore, in the speech he used parallelism to criticize the crimes of Nazi Germany.
"I see the Russian soldiers ... ...
I see them guarding ... ..
I see the ten thousand.......
I see advancing upon.....
I see also the dull.....
I see the German.....
I see that small.... "In this passage, we can see, in the first three" I see "it described the Russian soldiers and people, though lived in a hard life; they were happy and tried their best to guard their own homes.
Such description aroused the patriotic enthusiasm of the Russian people and also the people all over the world.
Then apparently, the last four "I see" accurately described the clownism of Nazi German, thus clarified the position of the UK.
"We will never parley, we will never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang" it used repeating technique to show British attitude ---- to break with Nazi Germany.
the use of rhetorical questions emphasized the determination of British government to eliminate Hitler and to crush the Nazi regime.
"The Russian danger is therefore our danger ...
In every quarter of the globe" it indicated the importance of all the countries of the world to declare war on Nazi Germany, which linked the peace-loving people around the world together.
Churchill's speech caused a strong reaction, and it has gotten the world's peace-loving people's endorsement and support.
It played a crucial role in resisting fascism.
I do not comprehend.Nonethelessin ancient China,no real equality between men and women.Peolpe think that a boy to give birth to girls than good.The boy can read books and make more useful things.Nonetheless the girls cannot.The girls only remainat home.People do not attention girl in ancient China.
Today people demand the equal.The girl's status has improved.The girl can go to college reading.They do not only stay at home.They go out and play with boys.The girls learn all kinds of technology into the company.Women and men can become a national management personnel.Nevertheless between men and women still no real equality.Women still lag far behind men in top political and decision-making roles, a waste of talent given that their access to education and healthcare is nearly equal, the World Economic Forum said on Wednesday.The man did some work to women have no way to do it.Women do not have the strong than man.I studies that equality between the sexes is still a long way off.
But equality between the sexes is important.In today's China,equality between men and women.But not the absolute equality.Mutual respect between men and women is the most important.We should deal with the relationship between love and studying.
It is reported that recently in quite a few universities, some students hire cheaners to do their laundry every now and then.People's opinions are quite different.Some think that it's acceptable,but others disagree with it.As far as i am concerned,although university life is busy,they have more important things to do ,they shouldn't hire cleaners.
On the one hand,they are students not wage-earning class.They don't have the ability to earn money to pay for it.Every month,their parents have to give a lot of money to support them.They are wasting money and increasing the financial burden of their parents.A penny saved is apenny earned.On the other hand,students should learn to look after themselves and form good character.Do laundry is their duty.If not ,it's easy for them to become a lazy and bourgeois person.It never be the purpose of going to college.
In one word,college students shouldn't hire cleaners.Both students should be diligent and follow the principle of "hard work and thrift".
Although we injected fresh blood for our country, we are facing more and more difficult, like going to a school of a higher grade, taking up an occupation, more competitive the environment..Life seems more and more bad.
As time goes by, some people think we are prizes competition and demean cooperation, lack patience and perseverance easily discouraged, blind pursuit and desire fame...We seem to be very bad and failure.
But we are dare to challenge, rich creative idea and full of youthful spirit.We are young.
When asked about what the current trend of the world is, I would answer the question with globalization.
As we can see, the globalization is becoming hotter and hotter in today's world.
It brings opportunities and wealth to every corner of the world and the huge world a small village.
However, as the old saying goes, every coin has two sides.
In my opinion, we should view the globalization in an objective attitude.
That's to say, the globalization has both advantages and disadvantages for us.
Obviously, globalization benefits every country a lot, especially developing countries like China.
Owing to the globalization, many advanced technologies, plenty of people full of knowledge and much investment are brought into these countries to accelerate their development.
Meanwhile, these developing countries also get the chance to show out on the world stage and make more people know about them.
Take China for example, more and more foreigners become interested in Chinese culture such as Beijing opera and characters, which helps to improve our tourism.
On the other hand, the disadvantage that the globalization has can't be ignored.
As far as I'm concerned, the most serious one is that it brings cultural invasion.
Despite the world is in peace, the competition between countries never stops.
One way of the competition is cultural invasion.
There seems to be no blood in the invasion, but it influences us a lot.
For example, many college graduates, who are knowledgeable and full of abilities might be attracted by other country's culture and thus go abroad, work and live in that country.
This is a huge loss to the future development of our country.
In conclusion, as a developing country, China ought to seize the opportunity to make the best of globalization and at the same time, protect its special and historical culture from being buried by others.
It's conspicuous that the Mcdonald fast food restaurant and a Chinese restaurant, take Qiaojiangna as an example, are both delicious and famous over the world, but still, there're differences between them.
The most common one is the speed.
Like its name, a fast food restaurant, the speed of the food-service in the Mcdonald is pretty fast, because the food there is ready-made.
While in Guilinmifen, since the dishes are made in accordance with the customer's decision, they're freshly cooked, so you may have to wait for a while.
The materials are discriminating as well.
The principle food in the Mcdonald is chicken, potatoes or few other vegetables like lettuce.
Guilinmifen, however, provides many kinds of meat and vegetables.
Then it comes to the age group of the customers.
Seating in the Mcdonald, you'll see most are teenagers, while there're small children with parents as well.
But old people are hard to see.
In Guilinmifen restaurant, people at all ages would come as long as you want some Chinese food.
Nowdays with the rapid development of advanced computer,more and more online shopping are commonly and widely used in everyday life.
When it comes to meet,different peoplehave different answers.Some people think that,we should shopping online.On the one hand,online shopping is not only convient but also helpful for people.We can buy something we need online easier than usual.On the other hand,it is very fast.Nowdays,we are busy studying,working and playing,so that we have less time to go out for shopping .Besides,we can save much money and time by shopping online.
However,others hold opposite view that we should not shopping online.They think that it is not enough safety.We can not meet the goods face to face.We can not know the goods if it is ok.
In opinion,each coin has two sides.More and more people will be accustomed to it .It will be more popular in our daily life.And at the same time we should take some measures to make it perfect.
This study"s objective was to study NSPS types,distributon features in the respective four sections in the RA,their functions,and the relationship between the NSPS types and functions.
Results indicate that the most frequently employed NSPS types are NSPCPS, NSPCPS, NSPS-CVAW, NSPS-VO.
It is also suggested that different correspondent relations between NSPS forms and functions existed.
This study"s conclusion showed that the different types of NSPS partly reflect the differences between Chinese language in the ST fields and for general purpose.
I like to travel from childhood and i think that travel is beneficial to us in at least three ways.
first, by traveling we can enjoy the beautiful scenery in different places.
we will see with our own eyes many places read of in books, and visit some famous cities and scenic spots.
second, we will meet people with different interests and see strange and different things when we travel.
we can get ideas of the conditions and customs of other people, taste different foods and local flavours if we like.
in this way, we can understand how differently other people live.
third, travel will not only help us to gain knowledge of geography and history and other knowledge, which will arouse our deeplove :for our m0therland, but also will help us keep healthy and make us less narrow-minded.
travel does benefit us both mentally and physically.
with all these advantages of travel, it is no wonder that travel has now become more popular than ex'er in china.
There is a new phenomenon that some young people frequently change their jobs.And wo can see that this phenomena is more and more common.
There are many reasons leading to job hopping.Young people expect high degree of occupation.They want a good office environment,high reward and a good Welfare.But we all know that such a good job is not much.And most young people want to do what they want to do.They want to do what they are interested in.
Young people think that changing jobs frequently is not a bad thing.
For young people,I think it is not a good thing.You can choose the job what you like.
But you must know your abilities.All thing starts from small,working from the basics.The most important thing is the mentality.You can learn more to be up to a tougher job.And you should seek opportunities to voice our opinion in our post.We should build confidence and interest.Then wo can do it better,and dispense the job hoppers.
We are planing a bus tour to Fenghuang.The ancient city H is a national historical and cultural city, the order of Fenghuang is an organic integration of natural beauty and human cultural qualities.
And perhaps the happiness of perspective is the real charm for victors from all over the world.
The New Zealand writer Louis Alley called it China's most beautiful town which was built in the qing emperor , the "H pearl" is worthy of the name "small", too little that the city only has one decent street, but there is a green corridor.
Fenghuang is an ancient city with beautiful scenery, it has a long history and a lot of places of historic interest .
The street stone, ancient towers, the Ming and qing dynasties ancient court; small winding river outside the city, sound of boat, folk songs, such is a peaceful and serene city.
And the particular time will be March,3rd.Everyone wil meet at the school gate.We surely will be glad if you could go with us!
With the booming of economy, the consumption of credit cards appeared.
In order to extend their business, some banks offer credit cards to college students.
A lot of people worry that credit cards may bring harm to students, while others don't think so.
In my opinion, it's good for students to use credit cards.
It's inconvenient for students to take cash in their wallets.
They only need to take change if they have a credit card.
It is not only convenient to pay but is beneficial to ensure their personal safety.
There are so many college students who come from poor countryside.
The biggest problem for them is to deal with the living expense.
However, credit cards provide a thing that everyone could consume before repayment.
That is to say students can buy anything necessary if they don't have enough money.
Of course, they must refund as soon as possible.
It could lighten their stress by using credit cards to some extent.
What' more, it's a good way for students to conduct their financial transactions.
Last but not least, it will enhance their consciousness of personal credit by using credit cards.
And it's beneficial to their work in future.
For these reasons, I believe that it's good to use credit cards for college students.
Yes In my life I have a special experience.
My mother often helps me do a lot of things.
One day, I said to my mother,I want to live by myself.
I don't depend on your.
My mother very happy I can do some things on myself.
She agree with me.
The next day she'gone I'm very happy because I can do anything.
I'm watched TV on the soft ate snacks,and played computer games with my friend until midnight.
When I'm hungry,I went to the kitchen,I see empty bowl, I had to cook by myself.
But I burnt it.
I had to go to bed with an empty stomach.
I woke up late the next morning and hurried to school with an empty stomach.
I feel bad at the school.
When I'm come back,I'm not only feel alone but also feel sad.
Although I'm very hope I can live by myself I can't do it.
Long time ago, an old man named Yugong, he is going to be 90 years old and he is so CUTE.
There are two MOUNTAINs in front of his house, he is so SAD because it's very difficult to get in and out.
His wife's words caused their discussion, WAITEd for a moment, they decided to put them into the sea.
The next day, they RAN to the two mountains, and began their plan.
There is a big SUN in the SKY, but they never give up.
Finally, they moved the god.
Then the god sent two deities to help them.
So the mountain was moved away in the end.
I guess so.
its irreplaceable effects.
If you are attentive enough, you can find out there are computers everywhere in NUDT.
However, they aren't quite the same.
NUDT is a military school.
So it's different from other universities.
Network here is divided into two kinds.
The Internet and the one that can only go through in army.
So computers are divided into two parts.
Students here are managed strictly.
They should ask for leave on the network and get permission from the leader.
They can go across the corridor and turn on the computer and then they will know everything.
There're also some other effects of the computers in the school.
They can go to the library and turn on a computer casually and get the information.
Or even can they finish the whole course in the dormitory.
And there are other kinds of computers in the library.
They spread in the corner of the library.
Students can find out the book they want to read by the computer.
You only need put in the key words about the book that you want to find.
Whatever putting in the name or the author of the book.
After putting in, the computer would give you the information and the position of the book.
It could help you find the book quickly.
It has a system of searching.
Because of this system, the efficiency of the library is improved by a large margin.
And the library also has a kind of computer that is able to connect to the Internet.
In NUDT, everybody has an account number.
In the machine room, we only need log in the account number.
After the authentication of the information about your account number, you can use the computer call at the Internet.
Then, you ought to exit your account number after using.
It is very convenient for us to find out the information, learn something and know the news about the world.
Because of the status, the using of the Internet isn't convenient.
Now the machine room deals with this problem well.
As you can see, the library is a landmark in NUDT.
And all kinds of using of computers help the students in many parts of the life.
Differemt kind of computers has its own system to use.
They offer the help to us in different apart.
With the development of the science and technology, I believe, the computers in the library would develop more powerful function.
And the library would give us more help in our life.
My first trip place is America.I went to there when I was twelve year old.When I got there,I felt air is so fresh and streets is so clean.American are enthusiastic and kind.I visited the America's mountains,there are so wonder.And the America's sea is so clear.I am looking forward to visiting there next time.
It was a nice day in summer vocation.Before I woke up in the morning,mom and dad had already gone to work.After the breakfast,I opened my notebook.A red circle attracted my eyes:today's Mom's birthday!Mom even didn't notice me before!
It was late for me to buy a gift for Mom,what should I do?An idea suddenly came into my mind.During the following time,I swept the floor,cleaned the window and did some washing.It was exectly 12 o'clock when I finished all the above housework.Ten minutes later,seeing the happiness in Mom's eyes,I knew that's the best gift for Mom's birthday!This is the most unforgettable thing I've ever had.
There appears a tendency that many pupils consider it is no need to keeping a notebook ,because in their perspective,the knowledge is rather easy to be committed into memory.
However,just as the old saying goes,every coin has tow sides,and so does keeping a notebook.There still quite a few students develop a good habit of keeping a notebook,saying it's good for their study.They explain that something which was memorized in their mind maybe will be forgotten one day,nevertheless, if they keep a notebook,they can have a browse through it at any time.It is undenied that it is beneficent to their own study.
As far as I am concerned,I approve the latter.The notebook is our second teacher,we can recall knowledge that we forgot with the help of the notebook.
Certainly it is also a good way to study.
It's often said that China's university students today aren't what they used to be.
The students at the turn of the Century is almost post-80s or post-90s.
They are the result of China's "family planning ".
So they are different from their predecessors.
Because of the policy, most families have only one child.
Their parents pay more attention to them,so they can gain a lot of things with great ease.
Today's young Chinese are better educated than their parents, but they don't have good quality which can make them mature.
They spend many hours in playing online games, watching TVs.
And as a result, has probably witnessed too much violence and murders.
Because of these, Their Pessimistic view of the world has been shaped by too many negative things.
And their parents have to work, many resent the fact that their parents were not home to spend more time with them.
All of these has helped them become very selfish, freedom-minded, individualistic, self-absorbed and have high ambition but no real ability.
But just as a coin has two sides, they are also good in many ways.
Such as high-tech, Internet and many fresh things.
Since they contact with lots of new things,they solve problems efficiently and methodically.
Their thinking is also flexible.
Many positive trends appear to be associated with China's university students and people can expect them to become better in the future.
at present, I'm in the college entrance examination.
Suddenly, I found that my life of high school is coming to an end.
At this special moment, I'd like to say something to you.
Since I was born, I have the best of care.
Because of you, I have the opportunity to lead such a beautiful and colorful life.
Thanks for your care, especially the year when I'm in grade three of senior high school.
In these years, when I made some mistakes, instead of blaming me, you told me quantities of truth.
Also, I got a lot from your teaching.
In addition, don't worry me about my study.
I have studied hard currently, to be honest, I made great progress.
Therefore, I believe I can pass the examination with comparative ease.
After the examination, due to ease your burden, I will do housework as much as I can, not only that, I'd like to make some dishes to let you taste.
LiHua.
The life of people without healthy,a heathy life is good to people.In daily life,what is a healthy?
First of all,we have to exercise,sports can strengthen our bodies and increase the immunity.
Second,the reasonable diet is good for our body's organs.
Then,don't smoke or drink less.
Finally,to pay attention to the psychological balance.Goog psychological can help to the development of our health.
A healthy lifestyle can not only make our body health,still can sublimate our sentiment,improve personal qualities.
I have ever stuyed at home by my self.I as tweeks.My parents were very worried about teaving me, they had to go away on business for afew days.So ,I had stuyed at home along.
I likeed the games so much that Iplayed uatial midnight Howerer next morning .Iwake up late and .i could not hand in .My home wark .
When I got home .
I very tried ,so.I don't Have adinner.Then I ren likeed being home alone was not al ways perprct.
I think we should learn to look after our selves well.
With the development of science and technology, the Internet becomes more and more widespread among many families.
Lots of boys and girls, women and men get used to chatting with their friends online every day.
I think it is unwise to do it.
It takes our hearts to make real friends.
Maybe you can make many friends, and chat with many people well, but the real friends are few.
On the Internet, making friends is becoming easy for us, but making real friends is hard.
The real friends are not a few words online to make.
As we know, there are many cheaters appearing online.
They leave no means untried to cheat us, one of which is to make friends online.
You can see and know from news, the Internet and others, that many people are painful and angry because of being tricked online every minute.
You may chat with your friends online happily, but be careful.
Remember it, don't give anyone your information, and don't go out to see him or her alone.
In a word, keep vigilant all the time.
As for my opinion,the lonely life of aged people is poor.I often wonder why this siutation always happen on our society.A important reason is that people who is a son or a daughter won't carry out their duty to support their parents.They always say that they are too busy to accompany with their parent.Though sometimes they want to accompany with their parents ,they have to earn a living to support their wife and childs.Therefore,they always ignore their old parents.
So the aged people always live alone.Their son and dauguter doesn't want to live with them,even chat with them.Even though sometimes they falls down at home or they get injured,no one can give a favor for them include their son and dauguter.So,from now on more and more aged people end their life killed by themselves.
So I hope more and more people should spend more time to accompany with their parents.Don't make a pity for your parents.
switzerland is a developed European country i want to visit all the time.let me tell you something about why i love this country so much.
first,i will introduce the country to you.switzerlan is located in the middle of europe with the population of 7.5 million people,and 41 thousand square kilometre in size.berne is the capital city of switzerland.what's more,geneva,one of the most famous cities of the world,is also situated in there.not only austria,but also farance italy are close to switzerlan as well as germany.because of the beauty of its scenery,switzerlan is known as "the garden of the world".the most important thing is its industrials of watch,food and chemistry are developed.
Chinese government yesterday unveiled major initiatives to ensure that imports, exports and domestic consumption of food conform to the highest standards.
To ensure the safety of domestic consumption, the government plans to set up three State-level food safety committees and two nationwide monitoring networks.
We believe such arrangements will improve cooperation and communication in food and drug safety issues.
We're looking forward to a sharing of resources, a way of leveraging resources that will benefit not only our two countries but, as we have other international partners engaged, that we really will create a worldwide network that will essentially improve systems in all countries.
On the domestic front, Chen said the authorities will set up at least three State-level committees on food safety - for risk analysis, setting standards and food science studies - to complement other efforts.
Similarly, a national monitoring network on food production, distribution and consumption, as well as another at the county level to oversee food-borne diseases nationwide, will be set up, the Ministry of Health said in a statement released yesterday.
The central government is also mulling a coordination mechanism among various ministries to improve efficiency in food safety supervision.
At least six departments are involved with food safety at present, causing an overlap of responsibilities and creating problems for law enforcement, the ministry said.
My name is Z, from Y, I am a liberal arts students, do not like to learn English in class, and math class, usually nothing like playing badminton and reading novels, and watching movies.
And other small partners, I don't like to play games.
l'm LiMing.I'm a student of a junior college.
To stimulate the passion of take in English,we are organizing an English speech contest.
I'm writing to invite you to be a judge at our English speech contest.It will be held in our school on April 15.It will start at 1:00pm.It is in the school auditorium.It will spend three hours.There are ten contestants join in.If we can get your wonderful comment in the contest,it will be our students' honor.Your can call me at 46875566 for more information.
The world becomes more colorful because of love.This world is so rich and wonderful.Between the person and the person because of love and loving,and animals because there is love in harmony, students should love and support each other at home because there is love and living together harmoniously.
At home mother selfless caring, gentle words will permit us to indulge in an atmosphere of love, mother's nagging, serious, are good for us, when you with your homework, a cup of hot tea will make your tears when you sleep, the mother is not tired you tuck; difference when your exam, the mother would be counsel you patiently.
All these acts reveal the existence of love.
In addition to love, action, language passed some.
When you're upset, others not interrupt you just to accompany you to the side, which is love; While others may be confused in mind, looking for someone to talk, do not regret to share with you, which is love.
In now days,advertisements cannot be seen nowhere.They are surrounding us wherever we are.They exist on TVs,newspapers,radios and so on.
Generally speaking,advertisements must be original so that they can appeal to their consumers,which is the most important thing if bosses hope their products sell well.And advertisements should tell people advantages of products in order to get belief from consumers.
As far as I am concerned,we should not decide whether to buy a thing only according by its advertisements.There are many misdirections in advertisements that would affect your decision.We should feel them by ourselves' hand,nose,mouth and so on.
All in all,advertisements both have advantages and disadvantages.That means that we should learn to find the real good feature and distinguish its misdirections.Only by that way can we make good use of advertisements.
Frankly speaking,when I saw the wonderful poem,a smile appeared on my face spontaneously.However,I could't bear someone ate my plums without my permission,no matter how beautiful poem he can compose.As a saying goes:Take things without authorization will be treat as a thief.
To pict out the thief,I sat in the table where everyone was assembled for dinner,pretending nothing had happened.Then,when we had a silent dinner as usual,I said:"What an unfortunate day!I bought a box of plums.Though it looked good,some awful bugs were found inside.I put it in the refrigerator,plan to give it to poor stray cats.
"Even as the sound of my voice died away,Jack's face turned blue rapidly,I could deduct that he was the thief and poet without doubt.Also,I thought that he has received the deserved punishment,and no nerve to do against.
It is my honour to share something on how to succeed in college with you!There are some things you can do to succeed in college.
Here is my advice.
First of all,it is necessary for us to pursuit passions.
Only you have activity attitude,can you study well.You can take part in some associations,which can enrich you campus life.
What's more?Seizing opportunities is also important,it probably changes your life.
Lastly,it benefits you a lot to take responsibilities.By the way,honesty is very important.
Anything should keep the rules.
What's more, you also learn to independent.
I think that you will become successful not only in college,but also in your future career.
If I was invited to an international meeting, I would bring Yuchih Black Tea from Sun Moon Lake.
Because I think the best way to describe the beauty of Taiwan would be a cup of tea.
In 1925, the Japanese brought various types of black tea to Taiwan to be grown in Yuchih Township of Nantou County.
Due to the special characteristics of the local environment that made it an ideal place for black tea to be grown, Yuchih black tea soon became world famous and has been ranked as the highest grade of black tea at the London Tea Auction.
It was even served to the Japanese Emperor at the time.
At present, the types of black tea grown in Yuchih include: Assam Black Tea, in particular has a natural fragrance of cinnamon with a slight hint of mint.
The leaves are not chopped like most black teas, so it looks just like oolong or green tea.
It tastes light and sweet, and because of the color of the tea looks like a ruby, so it got a name call Ruby Assam Black Tea.
This enchanting aroma is from the wild mountain tea and its distinctive flavor will grow on you after a sip.
The special traits of Ruby Assam Black Tea have made it one of a kind among renowned black teas around the world and its reputation as a top class black tea is well deserved.
I think the most important part to present our country is by showing others our tea, the special smell and taste, it shows the hard work of the people in Taiwan and we should be thankful to have such a great tea to drink, every drop of the tea have a different story.
We all know time is more inportont live ,in orther words time is live .so we shoud treasure every time that you have .Thie person who are succedful are treasure time ,they can not waster any time .
Many people think time is alway abundant so that we could waster time optionnally.When I attended primary schoo, I remember when we shoud to read ,some classemates alway hade fan with their frends.
As these students eyes ,they think time is endless.when they grown ups ,they regreat.
time is limiited and precious so we must treasure every minute.
"The train of K7592 is coming, please take care of your luggage and show your own ticket at the barrier which is designated," said the announcer over and over.
I felt completely in the dark with my baggage in the crowd.
The hall station hall was in tumult, suddenly, I observed that all the people who were in the waiting room commenced having tickets checked.
My heart beat uncontrollably and I was so perturbed, because it was the first time that I had gone by train alone.
I followed the person who stood in front of me closely and hobbled to the platform.
I squeezed carefully through the crowd and staggered into the platform.
However, there didn't display the train number and scheduled departure time on the screen.
Concerning about it, how worried I was just at that moment that you couldn't imagine.
In order to avoid being penetrated, I pretended to proceed normally like others.
It was then that someone shouted, very clearly from the back and felt a hand on my shoulder.
I hastened back hastily and realized the person was conductor.
said him.
So cheerful I was at that time like a duck to water.
"Yes, sir, I couldn't find out my train," I said sadly.
Then he asked me to unfold my ticket and figured out the train number, "K7592, go along the corridor until you see the pillar, don't worry about it," he said with smile.
Words of gratitude were rolling from my lips, after that I ran to the place which the sir directed for me and happened to catch the train.
As far as I got on the train, I was so fidgety for the squeeze of so many people.
Even worse, I realized that I got to the wrong railway carriage, but I couldn't move at all.
My face seemed to congest as everything was not progressing smoothly.
My feet were stamped heaps of times, finally, I shoved into the right railway carriage and found out my seat.
Soon after the train was underway, the conductor walked through the car, checking tickets.
After checking, I thought I could take a break in peace so I fell asleep with the starting of train.
I dreamed of places and of the lions on the beach, the waves splashed on the ship- I immersed myself in dream deeply and totally forgot the time.
Steel against screeching steel, I woke suddenly with a start, and the train finally came to the hall.
My destination is Jinzhou where there would be a great many people getting off the train.
By now I found lots of people packed up their luggage and prepared to leave, so I did the same naturally.
But to my surprise, the site wasn't the right place.
I felt overwhelmed but no start.
finally, I had no choice but to hailed a taxi and set my foot on my destination.
An increasingly number of students hope for self-improvement,so they choose to pursue graduate study.To pursue graduate study is one of the crucial decision of your life,you should make carefully and exert the greatest effort.
There are many benefits of pursuing a master's degree, I summarized into several aspects.The first benefit of graduate is the improvement of personal ability,the second is the advancement in career positions.The last is networking with peers and colleagues.
There are several strategies for success.The first and the most important is to choose a right school.The second is you can manage your time very well,you need to use some method for time management.The last is you can manage you stress as well,you should find out-lets to relieving stress.
Though there are many benefits of pursuing a master's degree,it is also very challenging.Where there is a will there is a way,once you have decided to further your education,you must assess your goal, believe yourself,it can be very rewarding.
With the fast development of the Community, the online shopping becomes more and more popular among us.
We can purchase many things on the Internet and receive them at home.
But many people have some different opinions on the online shopping.
Someone supposes online shopping is perfect, because it makes our life more convenient.
We needn't go out to buy what we need in the hot summer or cold winter.
We just need to click the mouse and then wait about one day or two days.
But still many people don't like to shop online.
They think they should choose what they really need by themselves.
Online shopping cannot promise the quality of the goods.
In my opinion, online shopping is really helpful in our daily life.
Since Istudy in the suburbs, it's not very convenient for us to buy something we need.
But with the help of the online shopping, I can buy clothes, foods and books on it and get them at school.
We can also compare the goods with others on the Internet.
You just need to buy what you tend and need.
On the other hand, I think online shopping is cheaper than shopping in the shopping mall or the supermarket.
And the quality of them is also pretty delightful.
You don't need to worry about this issue.
I like online shopping.
It makes my life more and more convenient.
I can use less money to buy better goods.
I also needn't take the heavy bag from the supermarket by myself.
If you have online shopping you will love it because it is really helpful and cost-effective.
We often see many beautiful and colorful classification dustbins in the street, which means that person has recognized rubbish is available wealth in the wrong places step by step.
As for me, waste sorting can reduce the pollution of the environment and increase the recycling of waste.
With the development of economy, a large number of population growths and the increasing of people's living standards day by day, there is a growing number of rubbish.
For one thing, a lot of waste has become a long-standing pollution sources to city's development and the garbage on the environmental pollution has become a serious problem.
If a lot of urban living garbage cannot get effective treatment, it will result in a big pollution to city's environment and surrounding water, air and soil.
For another thing, waste sorting can increase the recycling of rubbish.
Living garbage can generally be divided into four categories that recoverable garbage, harmful waste and other waste, most of the rubbish is available.
If we use them reasonably, we will turn bad to good.
As the backbone of the society, our college students should know the importance of waste sorting clearly and act as much as possible we can.
Although it may not guarantee us short-term returns, it will bring far-reaching and profound rewards to our society.
My friend,Lucy,lives in New York.Last week,She went to Beijing for a trip.He went there by plane and reached there on 3th November.She had visted many places of historic interest and scenic beauty,just like Tiananmen Square,Water Cube,The Forbidden City and Wangfujing Commercial Street.She was very happy there and also be very deeply attached to Beijing.She stayed there for two days and she went back to America.
There are sevel things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.You should be attentive onthe Internet and the newspapers because the recruitment agency will offer job openings on it.At first,you should make good use of the classified information on the Internetand the newspapers.Logging on the net and reading the newspapers to get some informations about your dream job.When you receive some job openings you must consult with your friends,relatives and neigbors who will give some advice and opinions for you.And then you will choise one job which likely to your dream job.
The ideal of life is navigation .
Ideal is a trace of green in the spring.The ideal is a small drop in the sea.
Everyone has an ideal, a teacher today, tomorrow is a lawyer, a doctor the day after tomorrow, the ideal is always changing.
And my vision is to become a teacher.
And I do not think so.
First grade, parents send me to school, meet teachers and students every day.
Real power and prestige, and since then, the teacher in my mind this career erected a lofty position my ideal is a teacher.
With age, a teacher also plenty of reasons.
Teacher's students do not like the office is the place to go, but I love the office.
Hot summer, heat to sweat out.
A teacher nice, enjoy the air conditioning in the office, while improving operations while enjoying the sometimes changed finished work, but also pour a cup of tea, chatting with the office of teacher.
The most important change is in the red pen drawing Go operations, practice scoring.
I flashed to shake this ideal than a decade, and now I no longer like a child I did childish, my mind filled with knowledge, but not enough, the drop in the ocean of knowledge such as beads, small .
Far away, if they work hard, I am sure that can be achieved after.
As is seen in the picture, two man are standing behind a wall.
One of them is standing on the ground while the other is standing on a stack of books.
There is no doubt that the aim of this picture is to tell us: Books can help us have a better and further view of the world.
First, reading increases our knowledge and we can learn the world affairs without going out.
Second, reading can broaden our knowledge and horizon, which is important to job hunting in the future.
What's more, reading can also help you to think in a different point view and it can help you to think in other's view.
There was a kid born with three eyes, two of them were ordinary, while, the third one was on the middle of his forehead which was invisible that only he could see.
It was said that the third eye was the source of one strong, magical, divine, unknown power, at the same time, as long as one could control this power the third eye would make this person omnipotent.
He had a happy childhood supposed to be very clever and, of course, usually did well in everything.
When he opened his third eye he came up with some fantastic ideas and desired to try them.
With time elapsing, he grew up.
Not as when he was a little boy, his unique ideas usually treated as ridiculous and impossible and his endeavour as foolish.
He thought himself a monstrosity in the normal eyes.
He often struggled in weather to open this eye, because when he opened it there were the idea and desire.
When he closed it there was less light and a strong desire to open it.
So he got a stronger and stronger sense that it is the eye asked for all his misfortune.
After being rebuffed and despised again and again he forced himself not to use the third eye for fear that others might disdain him, except crying alone.
He was too weak to stand the pain and face this world filled with challenge and hardship.
Eventually one day, he would not able to take it anymore.
Then there was a gentle voice, smiling, "there are some people with unique quality and hidden power were specially chosen to change the world.
It is the God.
I totally hate it, it always bring me adversities.
Pausing for a moment he added, "And I don't want to change anything except this stupid eye.
God left along with his third eye.
He was totally normal from then just as every normal person with two eyes living one kind of life not good, not bad, no different, and normal as a dust.
One thing added: the third eye was usually called talent and the hidden magical and power usually called dream.
To these who are struggling in hardness and nearly lose their dreams.
Michael Phelps,a excellent swimming athlet,was born in Baltimore,Maryla,America.Michael Phelps took on his swimming career when he was ten and exprienced many hardness during his swimming career.In his 15-year-old,he participated in Olympics game in 2000 and get the fifth in butterfly.Finally,his dream of getting eight gold medals was come true in Beijing Olympics game.All his hard work let him became the owner of seven world records.In my opinion,prastics make perfect.If one want to success,he must go foward step by step.
I went to the aquarium, and it was the most unforgettable thing during my holiday.
I was not the frist time to visit to the aqarium, but I also felt very excited.
There are many marine arganisms, such as dilpins, whales, sharks and penguins.
My favourite marine organisms is the whale, foe it is so cute and cleaver.
Although the whale is the biggiest and heaviest in the ocean, but its eyes are pretty small.
The whale has difficulty inseeing others, but it can hear so many voices.
Also, I watched the dolpins' activities.
They can use their long mouths to catch the rings, count numbers and anything else.
They broke into cheers.
I love the visit which at the aquarium.
Everyone has the experience of staying at the home alone.
When My father and my mother went to work as normal then I must be at home alone.
First wake me up in the morning and tidy up bed.Then I went out to have breakfast.Next I went to school with my classmates.
At noon, my pupil and I to eat lunch at the school.When I go home,first I can cook for myself,but I can only do some simply dishes,I clean the room,mom would be very happy when she looks at the clean rooms ,then I do my homework and went to bed.
When my parents came home,they were happy to find that I could cook and tidy up now.
I don't think it is good to us to ask our parents to manage every minute of our life.
Most people claim that women make better parents than men, nevertheless, as far as I'm concerned, I do not agree with it.
And I think that men are just as good as women at parenting.
First of all, raising children means that parents are supposed to make every effort to give them both material wealth and spiritual wealth.
Traditionally, the material wealth which is necessary for raising children including shelter, food, clothes etc is obtained by the father because they are the bread-winners.
And the spiritual wealth is given by both men and women because children need parents' love and support.
So that men are exceedingly significant in raising children.
People who insist that women are better in raising children have only seen the superficial phenomenon that women are inclined to care more about their babies.
But we oughtn't to ignore the crucial role that fathers play in educating at home.
Actually, fathers' way of education is different from mothers.
Men seem to be stricter with children, which compensate for the mild ways of treating children of mothers.
What's more, little boys learn to be responsible and ambitions men from their fathers, and little girls learn to communicate and understand more about the opposite sex.
In brief, men are just as good as women at parenting especially in terms of the stucture of a family and ways of education.
I'm a 13-year-old high school student.
I have a lot of good habits.
I always read books and eat fruit.
I drink milk every day.My mother says it's good for my health.
I hardly ever watch TV and play computer games.I never eat hamburgers and fast food.
However, I have some bad habits.
I often stay up late.
I hardly ever play sports.
I hardly ever help with housework and I never go to the dentist for teeth cleaning.It is afraid.
Space exploration is a hopeful project to human.
Sticking on space exploration will have a lot of benefits.
Firstly, human could find different energy to use from the space exploration.
Secondly, the population became a problem on the Earth, to find new land from the space.
Thirdly, it's helpful for people to recognize the space and can improve the tourism.
I believe that the space exploration can help human obtain a new life.
As we know, we can't get resources from the Earth forever.
At this point, space exploration has a huge role.
The sun has a lot of energy.
To get solar energy on the Earth, is not as much as getting solar energy in the space.
And in ten years, we probably can find out some flammable gases in the space.
It is a significant problem that the Earth's source will be run out.
So, finding out new energy by doing space exploration is important.
Space exploration also offers new land for human to colonize.
Probably, it will be no land for human to live on the Earth, because of the population.
Now, the Mars and the moon are two major planets that scientists are focusing on.
July 21st 1969, American astronaut Neil Amstrong took Apollo Lunar Module and made the first step of human on moon.
Another instance, in 2013,China sent Chang'e 3 to the moon, in order to explore the moon's environment.
These two instances show human's aspiration of having new life in the other planets.
To make life colorful and get more space knowledge, space tourism will be developing as the space exploration expanding.
As the new land discovered, people want to recognize the difference between other planets and Earth.
So, tourism could be a major entertainment.
Soon, America Astronant Department planned to send 20 volunteers to Mars.
It's the first plan to send normal people on the Mars.
It could be an experiment, but also satisfies our curiosity.
Making a function of traveling in the space.
To conclude, space exploration has huge development prospects.
In colony, energy and tourism, I believe space exploration will have more and more function and make us have a new life.
As a Senior 2 students, I have many things in mind to speak out.
First, I want to say to the principal, we should create a good campus environment, make the campus more beautiful, that stilling need to let students all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy, carry out activities, the principal Audi need to listen to the voice of the students.
Secondly, I want to say to the teacher, you should give the students more independent thinking of the time, that teaching you not to be too serious, smiling face always sunshine.
Finally, I want to say to our parents, you have to understand us, stilling need to let our independence, because, we should learn to be independent.
I hope that all of you will accept our suggestions thank you very much.
Hello,my name is L. I come from Q province, and I am a Senior High School student.
I have lots of hobbits, such as music, basketball, and my favourite is English, which is widely used in the world .
I would like to take part in the summer camp.
I want to introduce Chinese traditional culture, history and changes to friends from other countries.
Nevertheless, I also want to know some things about other countries.
I hope you can follow me to take part in the summer camp, I think it will make me happy and learn a lot of things.
I wil greatly appreciate a response from you at your earliest convinience.
Best regards for your health and success.
Going shopping is fun.I like going shopping intensely!
Because it can make me favourable and reduce.The supermarket is extremely marvelous.There is a great variety of things.
I can purchase what I need to.
Nonetheless,I frequently purchase so me junk food.
Maybe it isn't for my healthful.Nevertheless I like it exceedingly much!And, you realize,as a girl,I like to purchase all sorts of pretty clothes.
When I put on the new clothes,I was the most beautiful, is a princess.
I also like to purchase cosmetics, cosmetics I like us to buy, when to, I think is the victory.But in the economic conditions permit.
The shop assistants are remarkably polite.
If I can't find anything,they will support me to find it out.
I feel intensely fortunate.I like going shopping,It's very crucial for our life.
I hear that you will come to our school as a exchange student next term.So,first of all,welcome to China and welcome to our school.
And then,let me tell you something about the local information.When you come,the weather will be comfortable and the scenery can your breath away.What'more,the food here is so delicious that you will fall in love with it the first time you taste it.
Besides,our class is made up of outstanding students with kind heart.We are all hospitable,looking forward to making friends with you.I'm sure you will be treated as a member of our big family-- Class One, Grade Eleven.
At last,I have some advice for you to promote the friendship and understanding between us.Try to fit our life.As the old saying goes,do as Romans do.
Second, talk more about yourself.
We will be the best listener.Even if we have different culture,we can know each other and become friends.
Everyone may have the experience of stating at home alone while his or her parents are working.
I often stay at home alone.
When I stay at home alone,I often watch films and play computer games,I felt happy.
When my parents came back,they were happy to see I was able to take good care of my self.
I think we should not depend too much on our parents,nothing is impossible if we try our best.
As the saying goes,"be slow in choosing a friend;slower in changing".
I always remember the humanity should preserve his friendships.
People come into our life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime.
Now I will introduce her for you.
She is a beautiful kind-heart girl whose name is L. She takes pleasure in helping other students at the same time she has an opposite attitude to face any difficulties.
She took good care of me when I was ill. She gave me a significant hand to acquire the knowledge of English while I was ill. What's more, she encouraged me not to equip no matter what happened in my future.
I understand the friendship would go through trials and tribulations when we became good friends.
In the point of my view, we possess the strong friendship and share lots of give and not so much of a take.
My favourite place at school in the reading-room, because it is very big and bright.
There are a lot of books, newspapers and magazines.
I like reading books and magazines, because they not only give me knowledge, but also help me to learn a lot of things, to understand what happened around the world, sometimes I think I can talk to the people in the book.
I can also relax myself in the reading room.
,reading.
When I feel tired and unhappy reading room to read can help me get all my troubles, the best in the reading room is my favorite place.
In this autumn, I went to the Fragrant Hills with some of my classmates to see the red maple leaves, which we've planed for a long time.
When arriving at the bus-stop, however, we felt so astonished and all our good feelings had just gone because of the scene that both the bus-stop and the street were crowded with people who were also to go to the Fragrant Hills.
And many buses and cars had already been stuck in the street.
What happened there even made me annoyed.
The people waiting there seemed so crazy.
When a bus was arriving, most of the people rushed together toward that bus.
And when the door of the bus opened, those people pushed others crowded before them and tried really hard to get on the bus as if there was a lion behind their back trying to bite people.
There was a woman with a child in her arm also trying to get on the bus.
Unfortunately, the thoughts of caring for children and women had already vanished from people's mind and they still tried to push others out of their way and got themselves on the bus.
Because of the terrible scene and the threatening appearance of people, the child began to cry crazily.
What a terrible day, "I cried.
From then on, I hardly had mood to admire the beautiful scenery in Beijing because there were too many people everywhere.
So I thought I wouldn't go out during the holiday.
Accorging to a figure surveyed by someone that there are an increasingly number of man died of suicide.In fact,the reason mainly in psychologically problems.In my point of view,psychological is the most essential for modern humans,getting over it is on the urgent.
With the increase of chan's population and the decrease of land resource,houseing problem in cities are becoming more and more grim.Some people's houses are too small to live.
have no house.
become larger and langer.Second the price of houses is very expensive,some people don't have enough money to buy a big house in a city.
I think it is very difficult in solving the housing problem in cities .Some afficial ways should be taken.In my opinion,we can build more high buildings to provide space.We can also build houses in the country,meanwhile,we can narrow the gap of county and city.Besides,we should limit the population of our country.I hope the houseing problem in cities can be scolded in the future.
In this picture ,we can see that an old woman sitting alone and she felt lonely because her children go out far away from hometown.
I think this is a very common phenomenon in China.
city ,because they think it can provid more good opportunities for them to develope their careers and live a high level life.
There are also some people who live in poor areas going out to other provinces to work in order to support their families.
Thus ,now we meet with a problem that many old parents feel lonely .Our country has put out a law that asks people must often go home to visit their patents.
All of us are supposed to spent time companying our parents even though you are busy.Sometime a call to your parents is chrish for them .The power of your mind is better than the law.What's more ,it would be nice if the government recognize some interesting activities for the old person ,which can let them feel happy and make friends.Above all ,it is essential for us to pay more care to our parents.
In a conclusion, we shoud pay more attention to this problem and appeal people to spent more time visiting their parents.Because our parents have committed all the things they have to us selflessly.
life.
As many of us might have witnessed, more people are buying products through the Internet.
illustrations on the websites.
and books to large ones like computers.
Undoubtedly, online shopping has brought us many conveniences.
ignored.
exact product they want because the information provided might not be enough or reliable.
sizes.
D which is capital of X province,is a beautiful city.Please get on our bus,and take care of your luggage,valuable things and all that.Now,we are leaving ShuangLiu airport on our way to the hotel.Then please sit back and relax.
experience.This is Li fan,a beautiful guide from our travel service.My name is W,my English name is Afra.You can call me Afra.Trouble some everybody pulls out his cell phone and write down my contact on the way to our tour you have anything you can contact me and i will serve you.My mobile phone number is 10000324765.I'll have it switched on for 24 hours.During your stay in Chengdu,Mr.Li fan and I will be your local guides.We will try our best to best to make your visit go smoothly.
Now,we are on the way to our hotel.Then,I can tell you some history of D.D is a city with a long history culture.It is one of the famous history and cultural cities ratified by the State Council.The well-known scenic spots you're going to visit include Y Temple, Z's Thatched Cottage and Jinsha Ruins,just to name a few.
Ok,We have arrived at hotel.Now,please get off one by one,and follow me to check in.
I am sorry to tell you that I can't face to face with you to explain the situation.
This morning, my parents are anxious to give me a call, tell me my grandmother was seriously ill, so I had to go back to china.
In the United States during this period of time, I always miss my grandmother very much, but because there is no time to achieve this wishes.
Now she is being ill, I have to go back to see her.
When I was yong,my body have been always very weak.So my Grandmother has been taking care of me, has a very important significance to me.
Now,You are taking part in the speech competition, I hope you can get excellent grades, I know you can.
In my home during this period time, you should take good care of your body, things at home finished I will go back to school soon.
Looking forward to meet again.
Li Hua.
In my mind, the most unforgetable experience occured on 9,1,2012,when I first came to this college.
It's a cloudy day.
My younger brother accompayed with me to Jiaozuo and we took two big bags.
We got off at the bus station.Then we got on the NO.21bus,because we had searched the routine on the Internet.
Although we had made many preperations,we still met some troubles-we couldn't find the college.
Therefore we had to ask the people on the road with my heavy luggage.Nevertheless,we asked several people,we still confused.
When we were disappointed and exhausted, a couple came to us.They said whether they can give us some help.
I said we want to go to Wanfang College.
They talked with us kindly and warmly.
They said we need take the bus because we got off at the wrong place.They were so warm- hearted that help us carry our luggage .
"We help you because we understand students' handship in the strange city .
"they said.
When I heared this, I was so moved.Then,they sent us to the public bus.I said thank you to them.
Though it's a little thing to them ;while to me, it's the most unforgetable experience in my life.I was so lucky to meet them when I was in difficulty.
From then on,I decided to give others a hand when they have troubles, so that all of us will feel happy,and our society will be more harmonious.
Switzerland is the place i most want to visit.
It is bordered by germany to the norht,france to the west italy to the south and austria to the east.
Switzerland is one of most beautiful place in the earth which has become a dream destinatian for everyday including me.The climate there is largely responsible for making the country such a popular tourist destination.The people there are also being well educated.There ara high standard of publicly-funed education famous universities include the university of zurich,university of berne.
The climate is continental,and the temperature is modified by winds off the atlantic ocean.Winters are cold,while summers tend to be hot and sunny.Over 60% of the country is mountainous and a quarter of it is coverd in forests.
What I dream to do in switzerland is skiing.switzerland is a word ski resort.For example,the titlis is well-konwn for skiing.
Small,mountainous and wealthy,with a population of just 7.5million,switzerland is renowned for its enviable quality of life.
As is vividly presented in the drawing that this is a gathering in the era of mobile phone.A group of friends are has dinner party while each one of use their mobile phone without saying a word to one another.
Originally,the phone is only for the convenience of communication between person,undoubtedly,the phone provides us with considerable convenience,making many things possible.But often things like a coin have two sides,at the same time to give people convenient, the use of mobile phone in the wrong then there are negative effects on our personal life.
Such as in the picture we see that there is no exchange between friends,but also focus on the virtual world of mobile phone.
Make for the exchange of the mobile phone into a prison.
As for me,it is high time that we should have more exchanges with friends, less use of a mobile phone.Only in this way I believe,can we better communicate with friends,and promote the relationship between friends.Which will surely benefit us a lot.
With the world developing, globalization has been an unavoidable trend.
Just as the saying goes, "What is real is rational, what is rational is real".
There is no denying that globalization has brought about a series of good results.
There are many advantages coming along with the globalization, which may be related with politics, culture, and especially economy.
As we are talking about the benefits that globalization has presented, we shouldn't ignore that it also has given the country a big hit in some aspects, like culture, that is, in another way, besides the merits, globalization has brought many challenges to our traditional culture.
The youth always receive new things quickly, so they may master a good knowledge of different cultures.
Then the problem is beginning to emerge.
The young people not like those in the old times who had received a great deal of education about Chinese traditional culture may downplay the importance of our own great culture.
A good example is that young people now are more willing to observe western festivals and customs, while they may fail to remember the right dates and the special related stories of Chinese festivals.
Many people may think that the influences in economy in the trend of globalization have nothing to do with culture.
With the selves in the shops and markets filled with so many foreign products, we may only think that is something about the economy.
Our national products take less and less shares of the market, and many brands are at stake of dying away.
I do believe this is something about culture.
We are not supposed to neglect the culture challenges when we are trying to join the trend of globalization.
And, of course, we can't escape the demerits it has resulted in, but we can do our best to minimize the disadvantages.
Education is always comes the first, when we come to this kind of things.
The young people's master of Chinese culture should be enhanced and they also need to be educated to get a strong sense of patriot.
And, of course, our own culture should be strengthened.
We can't just stay at where we are and are proud of what our ancestors left to us.
People in this age should take the responsibility to make our culture more colorful and wonderful.
It is quite good to study in a foreign country.I'd like to study abroad first of all because it will make it possible for me to enhance my English capability,especially my oral English.The ability to speak English fluently matters a lot for English majors like me.Moreover,I will make a lot of foreign friends while studying abroad,and we can learn from each other about our respective culture and custom.Also,it will help to change my way of thinking and improve my personality because of the difference of the method of teaching abroad.At last,it is a good idea to visit the places of interest around or a little far away from the school where I choose to study.Studying abroad is a good choice for me or even for you.
I want to study English for different reasons.There are three factors accouting for it.Firstly,English is a internationai language,so it is becoming more and more important.Secondly,now, perfect english transtors are few and our country deeds us.The last but not least,I like english very much.Because of these ,I am looking forwad to studying english.
As can be seen in the picture,online rumors do great harm to humans.
It has a bad effect on daily life and the health of psychological.In addition,it even has a bad influence on economy.
In dealing with the reason for it ,on the one hand ,not only is it closely related to the life of people,but also has much to do with the development of our country .On the other hand ,there is no denying that we need a pure internet environment.
Faced with the serious situation,we should take measures to change it.In my personal opinion,firtly,the government should take active and effective measures to deal with the proplem.Seconed,the authoricy concerned should issue lows to regulate the use of internet.Last but not least ,the medium should appeal people to concentrate on cheaking online information.
If we can really put the three points into action,we will surely be able to have a peaceful and pure internet environment.
Nowadays,an increasing number of people have a good command of Inernet.We have a lot of things to do on the Internet .
There are various activities we can enjoy on the Internet .Many people feel fortunate because the benefit we acqured are so much.
It convenient for us to our daily since the Internet came to our molden life.However,with more and more intelligent internet developed,people start to become depend on it.People become addicted to variety of network games and lead an indoor life,few people play outside games and do sport.
As far as I am concerned,we should balance the effect of the Internet .Never let it dominate our daily life .Everythings has two sides .We should take good advantages of Internet .
We all have parents who give us the lives and loves.
But as a child of them,we always haven't say "thank you" for them.As a college student,we should say thank you for our parents,but why not?
In China ,as we all know,firstly,most people can't express their felling for their relatives,even their children or their parents.Secondly,some students think their parents should do any thing for them with any report.
I think these children should't think about it which their parents should do that.Finally, more and more college students who love their parents,but they don't know how to say "thank you" for their parents , they will choose express their "THANK YOU" by their actives.
In my opinion,I think all of us should try to say thank you for our parents ,we just don't care for any thing which we lose our face or we'll take an awkward situation with our parents.We just express our inner thought for our parents.
If you will be stressed about talk "THANK YOU"with your parents,I have an idea,just have a deep breath,and relax yourself,well,I hope the college students all have a talk with your parents ,and say "THANK YOU "for them,give them a warm hug .We should do that by ourselves,and we should help our parents in our life.
Now, everyone wants to succeed, so people always find different kinds of ways to success.
However, success don't have shortcut.
In my opinion, only fully preparation and work hard, can you succeed.
From the words, I know that we must make a good preparation for the things which we will do.
If we do some things without well preparation, we will fail finally.
So we should make a good preparation before we do some things.
Another key to success is work hard.
If only have fully preparation and not have action, we still will fail.
Besides, it's an important way to get experience of success.
Therefore, the way to success needs fully preparation and hard work.
And everyone wants to succeed who must do the two points.
We all know the importance of keeping psychologically healthy for all the people, but the number of people committing suicide is on the rise.
I think the reason is that a few of people know how to keep psychologically healthy.
If one has a psychologically disease, he may not be able to live a normal life.
I'd like to share with you three effective ways to keep healthy.
That is, number one, take some exercise every day.
Research shows that doing more exercise make the heart beat faster and the lungs work harder.
This strenghthens the heart, reduces the chance of heart attack, and helps us to have a strong heart to accept everything.
Number two, learn to relax yourself.
The people who suffered a mental health sometimes in that they don't know how to relax themselves.
Many people may singing, dancing, running and so many kinds of ways to relax themselves.
Therefore, find a good way to fit in yourself.
Number three, talk to your partner, a relative or a friend.
Don't put something in your deep heart, try to talk with the people you believed, and you will feel comfortable.
So, if you want to keep psychologically healthy, you should take some exercise every day, learn to relax yourself and talk to your partner, a relative or a friend.
Grandma is someone I love most .
The reason I love my grandema is when I was a need to eat breast milk , she raised me to know any better .
This topic remember me of my childhood .
when I went back to my parents's home , I always secretly cry to shout my grandma , so I always have a pair of swelling in the eye .
As long as I came home from school which my granma is , she always ready me many good foods , which made me feel happy .when I have a bed cold , she always was concerned about ,which give me warmth .
However , the treatment in others is that I can't get .
Now , my grandma is old , and is lonely , I think I can give her my love most .
This week, our class organize an activity that talks about the problem of the animals' home.
Up to forty percent people in our class think that we should keep them in the zoos.
and if we don't protect the animals, they will die out soon.
So this is why we should keep the animals in the zoos.
People can see many kinds of animals in the zoos.
And in the zoos, animal will be looked good after by the zoos' owner.
This is good for the animals.
And they can alive more longer than in the wild.
It can also help endangered animals not in danger.
Nevertheless at least sixty percent of the people in our class reject it.
They have a different idea:animals live in the wild are more stronger than in the zoos.
In the wild, there are many different dangers.
face them every day.
This makes them strong and smart.
In the wild, animals will have much fun, so they like to live in the wild.
In the zoos, animals lose their freedom.
They can't go anywhere.
souls.
And this will be harmful to animals.
I accept the second advice.
Let the animals follow their minds, this will be the best choice.
protect the animals, we should protect the environment.
so a good environment is the basic need to animals.
This is the most important thing that we should do.
As we all know,love is one of the most essential things in our life.There is also some love around me.My parents love me,my friends care about me.For example,when l had a fever,my parents didn't leave me until l'm felt better.At that time,l was feel extremely warm .I would study hard,not to make my parents angry to show me love to them.In addition,when someone in trouble,l always give them a hand.There is no doubt that love is always around us and we should find then out.In a word,the more love around me,the happier l feel.
As we all know, there are many Chinese food in China, dumpling is one of typical Chinese food.
As a Chinese, we all familiar with it.
I think the process of making dumpling can divide into five parts as follow.
First you make the dough by mixing water into the flour.
The container shculd be big enough lest the flour and water will overflow.
Press the dough with your hands till it is not sticky.
When the dough is ready, leave it there for use later, then go on to make the fillings.
The second step is to mince the meat, mushrooms and shrimps till they are mixed in a paste.
Add some spice such as ginger and onion and stir them evenly.
The third step is to make the wrappings.
Roll the dough with a round stick into small round pieces of wrappings, each two spice such as ginger and onion and stir them evenly.inches in diameter.
The fourth step is to put the fillings in the middle of a wrapping.
Then press the wrapping tight and a dumpling is ready.
When you have made enough Jiaozi, the next step is to boil them.
That is the last step.
Put a pot of water on the stove.
When the water is boiling, put the dumplings one by one into the water and cover the pot.
When steam comes out, add more cold water and when it boils again add cold water a second time.
When you see the dumplings floating in boiling water, you can put them in bowls or plates, get the chopsticks and be ready to eat.
That's all.
Do as I my process, and you will have a big meal.
Beautiful little secret: apple juice rich in vitamin C, is the perfect beauty products.
For the skin, easy tanning of the people.
Here is the detailed procedure of making apple juice.
Firstly, we should prepare the apples, wash the apples, and then core them and chop them.
Do not peel them.
Then don't forget to prepare the jars.
Wash the jars, and either run them through the dishwasher, or boil them for 10 minutes to sterilize them before making apple juice.
Keep them warm until you're ready to use them, which will keep them from cracking.
Secondly, cook the apples.
Fill a large pot with water up to 4 inches deep.
Then, add the apples.
Cover the pot, and turn the stovetop on high.
Once the water is boiling well, turn down to medium-high, and continue to cook until the apples are soft all the way through.
Thirdly, strain the apples.
Now, filter the apples to remove pulp, skins, seeds, and stems.
You can run it through a sieve or colander, or refrigerate for a day and then pour out the liquid, leaving the sediment in the bottom to discard.
For filtered apple juice, line your colander or sieve with cheesecloth, coffee filters, or a jelly bag, and let the fresh juice drip through it slowly.
Fourthly, heat the juice.
Heat it on low until you've collected enough juice to fill the jars.
Add cinnamon to taste.
You should not need to increase the sugar content of apple juice if you've chosen the right varieties of apples, but taste the juice now and add a little sugar if needed.
Last, cool the jars.
Lift them out, and let them cool overnight without touching them.
Check that they are sealed by pressing in the center of the lid.
Unsealed jars should be refrigerated and used quickly.
You can select different varieties of apples to vary the taste of your apple juice.
If you choose the right varieties, you won't even need to add any sugar at all.
Nowadays more and more people use mobile phone in library when others are reading books,sometimes they answer the phone loudly regardless of other people's feeling.
Library is a place where people can study there.However,their behavior make the meaning of library disappeared.It affects not only themselves but also others,they wasted the time of other people who in the library to studying,and deprived the power of them to achieve knowledge.
So I oppose the behavior that use the mobile phone in library,or turn down your voice to answer the phone,give people a quiet environment.
I am very glad to hear from you.
Thank you for telling me about your hobby.
I also have some hobbies.
But my favorite hobby is going online.
It can help me do lots of things, such as doing shopping online.It not only can help me save money but also save time.If I have an hour, I will spend thirty minutes on my schoolwork and spend another thirty minutes on my favourite hobby.
I think hobbies can make us grow as a person, develop our interests, help us to learn new skills and make us feel happy.
But we shouldn't spend lots of our free time on our favorite hobby.
An effective description to readers is what an excellent film to viewers.
In moving pictures, surprisingly splendid scenes often stick into the audience's heart, which is also true to a good description - it can strike the mind and sometimes even linger over the head for a long time.
A successful description, as I see it, should contain these ingredients as follows.
First, flowery words are necessary, but it should be noticed that the number is in control, that is, remember to avoid excessive use of such grand words.
Therefore, use them wisely where you think they are highlights or a suitable exquisite decoration to your passage.
For example, the word "bliss" in this passage is chosen to express the author's great happiness.
It is comparatively formal and more concise than other words with similar meaning.
Second, avoidance of the same or similar meanings is advisable.
"Serenity", "tranquil" are two words used to describe the meaning of peace and peaceful.
It is a most wonderful instance in the article to show the feature of diversity.
Third, figure of speech is an indispensable part of an attractive description.
"-serenity-has taken possession of my entire soul", "-stray gleams steal into-", "heaven and earth-dwell in my soul-", these are typical examples of the application of personification, adding much vigor and vitality to the discourse- they are not just the combination of words, but a beating life.
Additionally, simile and hyperbole can be found between the lines.
Fourth, the use of senses can refine the sentences as well, such as "sweet mornings" (taste), and "the buzz of the little world" (hearing) embody this kind of rhetorical device.
Last but not least, this piece of writing is a brilliant descriptive one except for two points.
On one side, there appears "my friend" for three times, something like which gives me a feeling of a speech to a certain extent instead of a descriptive writing.
Maybe the writer merely sought to convey his strong emotion of delight for everything he/she experienced, but I maintain that it can be realized via other better ways like psychological description, or a reflection from a profile through other people or objects.
On another, a paragraph piled up by so many words looks a bit cumbersome, which fails to manifest a clear arrangement of ideas.
Thus, these are where I believe ought to be improved.
By and large, it is an outstanding example for the study of effective description.
And we need to pay more heed to diction and flexible use of different types of sentences and structures of sentences to forge our composition better.
First,I think celebrations can be conducted by different ways, depending on where you live, which religion you believe in, and how good is your financial situation.
Then, the reasons why people don't celebrate their birthday are various.
I supposed that the main reason is about the money.
And,more and more people have realized that economy is important.
Last,birthday gifts normally are given to the person on her or his birthday.However, students do not have much money to buy expensive gifts.
By no means,students will compare with gifts.If your friend is going to celebrate her or his birthday, what will I do?
If Ihave money, I will buy something that she or he likes.
However, since I am a student, I don't want to charge more money from my parents.
Making something by myself is a good idea.
As for me, I only want to eat with my family and friends when Ihave birthday.
In modern society,the internet is used the more and more.We can read,learn and shop on line.Even thong,internet provides us with a new manner to make friends and love.On cyber love gave our life a lager change.
On the one hand,people have to spend more time to make the more and more work in modern society,they couldn't have enough time make friends in real life.So,a lot of people make friends on line.On cyber love is stimulate to different from traditional.
On the other hand,on cyber love by the way to make friends is virtual.It has lot's of unknown factors.We must think of whether we can find a real love?To be honest,how long the love could be kept?On cyber love appears just a few years,most problems are unknown.
In my opinion,I don't think we can find a real love on cyber love because of internet's virtualization.
Introduction: The objective of this report is to describe how the company jet is used by departmental direct and above of Florent into international.
Amass of flights every year has increased from 56 last year to 63 this year.
This number is expected to increase by nearly 30%to 80%next year.
Findings: The crucial reason which was given for using the jet last year was customer meetings.
However, this has decreased to 40% this year.
In contrast, company meetings, which constituted 35% of reasons for flights last year, rose to 45%this years.
It is predicted that customer meetings will be the main reason for flights next year, while company meetings are expected to decrease to just 30%.
Other reasons for using the jet have remained almost the same over the three years at between 10% and 20%.
Conclusion: Use of the company aircraft is becoming increasingly popular, and customer meetings are the main reason for using it.
So, it is with vital importance to be a good listener, and that is my topic today.
We often meet cases that we cannot understand our parents and teachers, wandering why they are so academic and strict.
It's never a wise choice to quarrel with them.
Try to have a talk, sharing your thoughts with each other.
Listening your classmates' thoughts can also promote your friendship.
When listening, you need to be patient, focusing on what the teller is talking to you, the reason why he/she becomes happy or confused.
It seems certain that when listening carefully, you shows great respect to the teller, making you understand each other more.
It can even make you become more popular.
That's all, thank you for listening.
At present, the way of network communication has changed a lot, network communication plays an important role in people's daily life.
In the era of Internet, more people, especially youngsters, always keep abreast with new ways of communicating with others.
Undoubtedly,people's view on network communication vary from one another.
Some deem that it has positive impacts on people's daily life.
One case in point is the Internet brings great convenience to our communication, which eliminates the barriers of distance and time.
Moreover, colleagues communicate with each other by sending instant messages or holding video conferences in many companies.
Others, however, hold the opposite view.
According to them, the Internet reduces face-to-face communication among people.
What's more, many young people spend hours chatting online, but rarely talk with their families of friends face to face.
Generally speaking, the positive impacts of the Internet on communication outweigh the negative ones, as long as we don't rely on it too heavily.
I suggest people communicate more with their families and friends in real life while enjoying the convenience brought by the Internet.
we have accepted your counter counter-offer of Dec.1 and we are grateful with your quickly rely.
In addition,we promise that if we establish the relative L/C,we will inform at soon.
Meanwhile,as our buyers are in urgent need of the goods,we hope the commodity can be shipped on time.
We are glad to have concluded this deal with you.
We hope it will be mark the good beginning of our pleasant business relationship between us.
In the picture,an old woman sat in front of a mirror and tried to make up her face to entertain herself.Woman's shadow showed how lonely she was.The picture alerts us to a fact that the phenomenon of "empty nest old man"have become more and more serious.
Nowadays,the problems of "emty nest old man"has become the topic in China society.There remain many problems of lonely life of aged people.The safety is a big problem .Lonely old man is the ideal target of thieves.And they are lonely all the time in their hearts which may cause dementia.
Lack of children's caring is the most important reason of it.
Children moved their home far away from their parents' home.And they hardly took the time with their parents.What their children ofen do for them is giving them money which parents don't like it.So parents always stay at home to wait their children in a long time.
Personally,piety is the foundation of all virtues.Therefore,talking with your parents.
As is known to us, the golden week holiday refers to Labor Day and National Day; it's a seven-day vacation.
With the development of economy, the disadvantages of the golden week begin to come out.
Due to more and more people pour into the same scenic area, it has caused unexpected traffic congestion seriously, and led to the environment becoming worse and worse.
So some people appeal to abolish the golden week.
But there are always two sides to everything.
The golden week is a traditional holiday.
These days, the working people who are under the stress can go on a journey to make them relax; and the people whose life is boring can do some shopping to add some colorful clips to their life.
People's traveling and shopping promote the development of economy greatly.
The vacation has many benefits to people.
In my opinion, the golden week holiday's advantages outweigh the disadvantages, it is necessary for people to have long vacations to ease and relax their mind and body especially in the fast-paced society.
