Anthropologically,with the evolution of human beings ascending from inferior to superior,from savage to civilized,we conceived the concept of human rights in which the right of existence lies the dominant.Hence,the infringement of the essential human right demonstrates our downturn in pedigree both physically and mentally.
Juridically,in essence does the law function as a bondage to bind the interior villainy so that the moderation and harmony can be accomplished.To illustrate,just as we do operations to heal our inflamed organs instead of removing them,so the law should attempt to administrate every criminal correcting themselves.Providing a criminal was sentenced to death,it's useless to compensate for his error and what's worse,his family could be entangled into multitude of prejudice and humiliation.As a consequence,the juridical system with breaches of incompleteness ought to be ameliorated rather than undergo erroneous or unfair judgement.Otherwise, the equitable facade could gradually guide us to the barbarous impasse,forming a vicious cycle in which the moral bottom-line would convert to be vague and inevitably,the progress of the society would be arrested.
To conclude,only by dwindling the death penalty can we apprehend the essence of law,enhance our moral standard and ultimately facilitate the civilization and democracy.
The mericans written by Sandra Cisneros depicts a story about the culture bump between the Mexico and America.
The narrator is Michelle.
The most impressive character for me is her grandmother.
Michelle called her "awful grandmother" because of the generation conflict and her grandmother's belief.
I think Michelle's grandmother is a devout roman catholic.
Nowadays, the people of the modern society are longing for freedom and they receive the new education from America, so they just believe the science not the God.
Even under this circumstance, the grandmother still live with a mindset of feudal society,which reflected the Mexico feudal society won support among the people and also reflected the conflict between the Mexico and America.
We could also see that grandmother also cared for her families.
Readers can grasp the point from the sentences "Thanks be to God to be given in the name of the husband and the sons and the only daughter.
Always remember your Uncle Fat-face in your prayers.
The grandmother knew she was old,but she hoped her families would have a better future.
Although she can't change someone's mind,like her husband who had not believe in anything since the first PRI4 elections.
She knew she could do nothing, but she never gave up.
She just prayed for the families.
The grandmother's care and her faith here indicated that in Mexico society, the people have a firm and sincere faith.,despite the fact that American culture let them change their behavior and life by themselves, the old always believe superstition.
It reflects the social role of religion sustenance and spiritual comfort.
At the same time, we could feel she is a lovely grandmother because she cares for her family and was full of hope for her families which is a positive side for the society.
America doesn't have so many rules for children as Mexico.
I guess that is the reason why the Michelle called her grandmother "awful grandmother".
There are some evidences from the passage which can be proved this.
The word "must" means the children are not allowed to do all the things above.
So in children eyes they don't like this Mexico rules, they love the American style with freedom and relaxing atmosphere,and kids also want to make decisions for themselves.
So as a child, Michelle can't understand the old generation and "weird" Mexico culture, because she is just a kid in her teenage.
She has many unknown things, like the awful religion from her grandmother.
She received it, but she did not like it.
This is a conservative behavior.
It also represents the conflict between old generation and young generation.
But there are also some contradictions between the Mexico and America.
There are a lot of symbols in the passage.
For example, "I'd rather play flying feather dancers, but if I tell my brother this, he might not play with me at all girl.
Even the children are affected by the America culture.
They still have a Mexico thought.
The boy looks down the girl.
And the girl wants to play with boy, but she also has a inferiority complex, so she hides herself as a girl.
It is hard to say this contradiction is not good, but we could learn from this story is that culture bump is not bad thing for us.
When we touch some different culture, just respect it, do not hate it.
Maybe the generation gap will make us confused about something, but we don't worry about it, just try to understand another world.
Although it is different from the new world.,like we read this story.
As you know, this is a popular question on the internet recently.
For we are rebellious generation, we'd like to doubt what things are going to be.
For the question, maybe there isn't a completely true answer, but you can find a relatively true answer which depends on our society and what you think.
As far as I am concerned, I think university students should be required to attend classes.
I can support my opinion from these aspects: self-control, compulsory classes themselves and study efficiency.
It is considered that self-control is an important part of life especially in the university.
Life in college school is much freer than in high school, but the phenomenon that some students cut classes still exists.
Therefore, University students should be required to attend classes in order to make students develop good and regular study habits.
As a result, students will study better.
Compulsory classes what we're learning are set out by university school through strict thinking.
You cannot choose the classes which you like or don't choose the classes which you dislike.
Students should study a great variety of academic subjects more or less so that they can adapt the complex environment easily in the future.
Going to classes is a good way to improve your study efficiency.
First of all, because a good teacher is a bridge between you and success, on no account can ignore the value of teachers.
In the class, students will get the benefits of the teacher' knowledge that we can learn it not only from the textbook, but also from teacher's experience.
This is one of the reasons why university students should be required to attend classes.
Secondly, by participating in some discussion with your group members in your class, telling your thoughts, you will get some distinct ideas from other students, mixing these ideas into your thoughts.
Moreover, it is necessary to study greeting and make friends at university, so attending classes can meet the demands.
Besides, remember that your future is closely related to your help for other classmates today.
From what have been discussed above, we can safely draw the conclusion that attending class is a good choice for a university student.
In my view, it is better that university students should be required to attend classes.
It deserves to be pondered.
A majority people claim that they have only to buy a house to attain happiness.
But recently, high housing prices is a big headache for the citizen.
To buy or not to buy, that is a question.
As far as I am concerned, we should not simply regard house as happiness.
It is not worthwhile for us to sacrifice our all happiness to purchase a house.
Because of the high housing prices, more and more people become house slaves.
Not only did they give up the right for enjoying the happiness but also carried a heavy burden just for possessing a house.
American old lady said: "although I lived 30 years in the big house, I spent half a life time paying off the loan.
"Although they all bought a house before their death, their life is not perfect.
Nowadays, the popular concept of owning home as a requirement is driving many people apart as the dream becomes unattainable.A TV series "Naked Marriage" has hit the screen in China, attracting most of young people.
Simply as their marriage is, without house, without the diamond ring, they also live a happy life,that is the reason is that they cherish the happiness they have already had.
On the contrary, although they have no house,they also live a happy life.
Above all, we clearly see that house does not equal happiness,the house is just the material foundation rather than happiness can give you satisfaction in spirit.
Happiness is not getting all you want, it is enjoying all you have.
So we should pursue our happiness in our lifetime than fantasy to obtain something that does not belong to us.
I am Li Yue, a student from Class 1, Senior II.I'm writing to discuss about the recent phenomenon taht people scribble and litter at places of interest.And I strongly call on these people to stop.My reasons are as follows.
First of all,scribbing and littering show the disrespect of the wonderful sightscenes.We come to these amasing places as unexpected visitors.We'd better do not disturb the host.What's more.Everyone has the moral code.It is our responsibility to protect the enviroment and to be polit.
There been sprung up a heated discussion as to whether students should use credit cards in the universities.
Alhough a good few people support the opinion, I think the sensible attitude towards the issue is students should not use credit cards.
There are two factors leading to my view.
To begin with, I find it very easy to exceed my budget.
I will be tempted to purchase goods that they do not really need and can become quickly overburdened by debt.
The credit cards often charge a high rate of interest which exacerbates the problems.
Furthermore, it is unreasonable most possible to use credit cards to cause the problem of credit .
If it occurs, my whole finance industry will affect by it.
Hence my life is unfavorable for it.
What's more, for most university students, they haven't completely be economically independent and have to ask for money from their parents again and again.
It adds greatly to stress and overconsume of my life.
Thus my family will increase the economic burden.
In this way, credit cards may ring harm to students.
On the whole, credit cards are bad for university students.
For one thing, it causes the money problem .
For another, it occured credit problem.
I have spent more than one month of my university life.
At this period, I went through many things and I had a lot of feelings.
One of my feelings is that it is the first time when I am aware that my English is so dreadful.
When I was in high school, my English ability wasn't low, so I had confidence in myself.
But when I entered the university, I found that my listening and speaking were very terrify.
I couldn't hear the radio and the teacher said what clear.
And I couldn't also express myself in English.
Because of these factors I was anxious when I had English class.
I know it is no use just being anxious.
So I should do something to improve my English.
From now on,I will work hard and I won't be anxious.
I believe I can learn English well.
Where there is a will there is a way.
I want to tell myself: work hard with your sweet smile.
Nowadays online shopping has become a fashion.And many people are in favor of it.Just because online shopping is very convenient in all.
As we know,online shopping has many advantages.For example,it's convenient for people to buy something they need.People just have a look online.It's no need to go to the supermarket.What's more,the price online is usually lower.
The customer can know more about the product.
However,online shopping also has many disadvantages.Some people cheat online and commit a crime.Sometimes the customer is cheat by the businessman.Of course,shopping online is not safe.
In my opinion,we should be in favor of the way of shopping online.But everybody should be aware of the condition of the bargain.And the goverment should do something useful to protect online shopping.I believe if every one is honest,the online shopping will be more useful.
it also can For international communication .
I'm L.I want to tell you a message that China will hold the olympic Games in 2008.I want to invite you to our homeland in August.If you come to China,I will lead you to visit the Imperial Palace,Great wall and Brid's nest.
Olymipc Games is world and chinese is thirst for holding it.
Now is cold in Beijing because it is January but chinese is very happy.
The Beijing Olymipc Games will be held in Augest.
Therefore,chinese try his best to sure it successful.If you come to Beijing in Augest ,you will see pageantry in bird's nest.
As far as I'm concerned,Olymipc Games is bigness, however,the Beijng Olymipc Games is more bigness.
You can see the antiquity martial art in Beijing Olymipe Games.
To be honest,I like playing basketball,volleyball and football,but I like playing basketball more a little.I usually play basketball twice a week.If you come to China,I will be very happy.Foremost,we can communicate with English and you can teach me how to say English and I can teach you how to say chinese.
I hope you come China in Augest.
The seventh daughter of the goddess of heaven visited the earth.Her name is Zhi Nv.While she was on earth she met the herd boy Niu Lang.Then they fell in love.
They got married secretly.But later the Goddess of Heaven knew weaving girl was married to a human,she was very angry and made the weaving girl was return to Heaven.Niu Lang tried to follow her,but the Mikey Way stopped him.
Zhi Nv was hearted-broken.Finally,her mother decided to let the couple cross the Mikey Way to meet once a year.
On the seventh day of the seventh lunar mounth,the stars Vega and Altair meet in the Heaven.They can meet each other when the weather is fun.
According to a recent survey,in the last few years,quite a number of college students have developed some unhealthy habits.They get used to staying up late,spending their living expenses excessively,and even abandoning themselves to computer games.
There is no doubt that the unhealthy habits do harm to us.First,the lack of sleep contributes to the phenomenas that some college students can't help deserting,can't force their attention on test-book,and even sleep at class.So they have to be responsible for themselves because of their unhealthy habits.At the same time,it is possible that they will be faced with the unfavorable consequences that they don't acquire much knowledge from their universities and lose a lot of fun.In addition,when they find the amounts of their expenses being fewer and fewer,most students have to take some actions to compensate the short of their expenses.Therefore,they opt to take more money from their family for ridiculous reasons as a result of undue burden on their family.Some begin to borrow available money from their classmates so that they break down the relation among students because of getting behind with their payments.What makes matter more unfavorable,unhealthy habits affect seriously on college students' health.But they lose the self-protection awareness,and store up serious problems for their future.
In view of the harmfulness of unhealthy habits,effective measures should be adopted.On the one hand,it is high time that college students realized the importance of developing the healthy habits.We'd better make every effort to formulate a reasonable work-and-rest chart,plan well our expenses,make our sparetime colorful by participating in some leisure-time activities and so on.On the other hand,the universities should issue strict rules in order to educate students to spend their time legitimately and learn how to live a meaningful life by going on some psychological tests and lectures,which is greatly helpful to solve the problems.
When it comes to this problem,different people may have different opinions.It's conspicuous that Western music is full of energy and Eastern music is full of emotions.From this,we can easily infer that everybody may have their own idea.
All we know that Rockin'roll and hip-hop were originated in the Western countries.Comparing with the Eastern music,it's singing technique and music orchestration is maturer.But Eastern music like Chinese music like using many classical music instruments and this is why Eastern music is well-known in this world.
Well,it's easy for us to know that if two of them blend each other,that would bring a completely new music style.There is no denying that if what we think come true.It's would be a good idea to promote understanding and friendship between people from all over the world.
My dream is very small .But this dream is difficult for me.I want life in this world .Our country's people is very more .
So I want to be alife .
Of cross,Ican be a wittier .
I want a lot of money , but this is all a terrible mistake .
Because healthy is terribler then money .
If I can , I want to be a flyer.It's very exeliant for me .
I can fly on people's top.And I can got any money.But of rose I don't like this.
My dream is The wizard.This is my best dream .
I can spend magic .
I want study in HOGWARTS SCHOOL.
I want a wand .
I want to be the best student .
I want to be...... Errrrrr......
I want to be alife.
I am sorry to tell you that we can't to claim for you.
Because after we check the letter, we found some questions.
First, we do not prepare office supplies for you because you don't say for us.
If you should the office supplies, please inform us in advance.
Second,after survey research, the delivery will be delay because the shipper is carrying.
So our deliver is on time.
After our thinking and discussing, our decision we will be not to claim for you.
We hope you can thank about to be clear about whether or not to claim against us.
If you have any question,please to contract us.
With the high-speed development of our society,letter,the previous method of communication is not enough contented with our steps.As the mobile phones development,it replaces the letter ,becoming the common tools of communication.Therefore,the mobile phones are playing more and more important role in our life.But in my opinion,every coin has two sides,the mobile phones aren't expection.The advantage of it is that it's flexible of us to related to others,who is in the distance.Besides,it is also one of the best means for obtaining the knowledge and widening our horizons.However,there in a serious phenomenon arising in the society,as the changement of our mobile,some teenagers chase the fashion,always changing their phones as well as they can.There is no doubt that it increases their family financial burden,especially,the less affluent families.what's worse,the mobile phones like a sword,cutting off the relation with others when we are only concentrated on playing it.All these things consider,we should make good use of it rather than ruin our life.
It seems that almost all the persons around me have been asking why I like smiling so much.
Couldn't remember when smile came into my world.
I love most that taught me to smile to everything.
In the eyes of mine, my father is a patient and forgiving man.
He is always caring about us except himself.
I treat him not only as my most love relation of my family, but also as one of my best friends in my heart.
He is the person who will put out my mistakes when I make a mistake and give me a big hug when I fail.
We often talk about life.study and so on together.
Due to him, I have learned how to expect others each other.
I will never forget when I turned eight, I began to learn how to ride.
But I fell off the bike again and again.
I got mad and wanted to give up when I heard the sound of laughing.
"Just smile to it, go on" my father said with smiling.
I felt my heart became stronger for the first time.
Lost in thought that night, I began to have a try.
I have liked smiling to the world since that.
Just smile to it, no matter what terrible facts I will experience.
Just smile to it, I will do my best.
Just smile to it, the world is out there.
This is a very long vacation .This is a good message for us.In the first week I and my friends took a soccer competition together.This is the most happy thing for me.My friends and I is very like playing soccer and is very good at that.We won again ang again , that made us so exciting.Although we lost the last game, we were still pround of for us.
After my soccer ,my family and I went to travel .We looked so many of the mountain ang lake that the beautiful.We were all attracted by the beautiful scence.
That is a enrich vacation.
I feel relaxed for my heart.
I like the vacation.
With economic globalization deepens, the job market becomes more and more competitive.
Many young persons cannot find_out good jobs when they graduate from the university.
Nonetheless I don't think it is a good idea.
First of all, a company could offer more opportunities for young men, when it advances quickly.
If not, the new generation shouldn't have good chances, even if the high-level employees retire at the age of 50.
For instance, in the economic crisis in 2008, many firms went bankrupt, and many workers lost their jobs.
In this condition, it was extremely hard for the young person to discovery a good job, no matter which age the high level employees retired at.
Second, the new generation have to make progress in order to seize more opportunities.
Chance always favor prepared mind.
If we don not get ready, when there is a chance, we should lost it.
Even if the company gives you the opportunity, you shouldn't be competent for it.
Third, to encourage the high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 is a taste of manpower for a company.
When they are 55, the workers must be full of skills and have good experiences, because they have worked more than 20 years.
If a company employs the new generation instead of the high-level workers, it might pay for their mistakes.
To sump up, it is not a good idea for companies encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 in order to supply opportunities for the new generation.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
It is similar to Christmas in the USA.Like other teenagers, I like the Spring Festival.
On New Year's Eve, We had a good time.In the morning, my mother and I put up couplets.
They stood for good luck in new year.
At about ten o'clock,we left for my grandmother's home.I communicated with my grandfather, listening to stories about previous Spring Festival.
In the afternoon, my uncle went for a walk with me.
He wanted to buy some firecrackers for me, but I refused.
I should take action to protect our worse and worse environment.
In the evening, we had family reunion dinner.We congratulated to each other.
After dinner,we watched TV and enjoyed ourselves.
Going back in time, respect played an important role in survival.
If we think of a small tribe wandering in the desert,we can imagine that a person not respected by anyone could be left behind and die.
Such a person was considered to have no worth, no importance, no value to the group.
This, I believe is the foundation of our psychological need to feel respected.
Nowadays it seems much more possible to survive without being respected.
Someone could, for example, inherit a large sum of money, have many servants and employees and have salesmen constantly calling on him and catering to him,yet not be respected in the least.
Someone could also make a lot of money through having a particular talent which is valued, such as being able to dunk a basketball yet not really be respected, perhaps because of the way he treats others.
Still, there is a value to respect which money can't buy.Though someone's life might not depend on it, there are times, many times in fact, when another person has the chance to make a personal decision--a judgment call.
When that person feels sincere respect for someone else, they will make a different decision than if they feel no respect, even if they have customarily shown a false, pseudo-respect to the person.
In summary, it is for both evolutionary and practical reasons that respect is important, and also why we simply feel better when we are respected.
Clean energy refers to the energy which can be harnessed from nature, namely through the elements, like, the sun, wind, water ,so on and so forth.
Therefore, clean energy can be renewable and do little damage to our environment.
however, Clean energy is not so poppular in out life.
There are some reasons accounting for the problem.
Firstly....
Renting or buying a house is a common problem in our society today .Some people would like to buy on in credit !They believe that people should have a house where they marry raise a baby ,or even die .They regard the house as a important place in their whole life !But the others insist that the price of a house is too high to buy one !Especially for the youth .They don't have enough money to buy a house ,they prefer to rent a house ,not only for its cheap ,but also its convenience,they can move from one place to another !
When I arrived, it was last week and it was Sunny.
Yunmenshan is located in Shandong city of Qingzhou Province.
Yunmenshan 421 meters above sea level.With a "Shou" the word is the most famous.
Yunmenshan is 7.5 meters high, 3.7 meters wide.Fresh air,many kinds of trees and lots of birds.
Many persons are having a picnic and taking photos.
I feel Yunmenshan is a beautiful place.
I love this place very much.
Anyone who is part of a group may experience three emotional process in their exploration of their crews when a group was formed up.
First of all, anxious and panic ,due to the lack of structure .Then they have to probe into their feelings and attitudes to each other with positive attitude.They found they are stuck and trusted by group members in the end.
It is a hard but worthy course for it helps people to do better in human relations.
Hello!I'mZhang Jing fei,I introduction my school.
My school is have four floor.There are twelve classrooms on the first fioor.There is a toilet on the first and forth floor.This is second floor.There are eleven classrooms and an Art room.
This is our third floor.There is a scinntifie laboratory and nine classrooms.This is our classroom.
The forth floor are ten classrooms and a computer room .
For,all one to four buildings have seven offices.
As we all know, education is one of the most important part of our social construction.
It has an important bearing on the development of our country.
Regrettably, however, those unfaithful and "popular" behaviors in high school have become the stumbling block on our way to build the integrity of university.
So it is a matter of great urgency to change the situation.
At the very first place, family plays the most important role in the development of honest education for the reason that parents are thefirst teachers of children before they study in school.
It's sure that parents' manners and conduct have a civilizing influence on the children.
One thing they have to keep in minds all the time is that parents are the mirrors and models of children.
Therefore, parents must behave decently, gently and honestly.
Never evade taxation, never cheat others and never tell a lie .
Only in this way can we let children know exactly honesty is the best policy.
Given to the fact that society has a great impact on students.
Our government must legislate to fight the unfaithful behaviors in current society.
To ignore the dishonesty and let the crafty men still at large is equal to tell the younger generations that dishonesty is legal and moral in our country.
In short, on no account can the authority show compassion in front of the dishonesty.
To sum up all have been described above, it is apparent that family, school and society are closely related to the integrity education.
Only if they three make concerned efforts can we make progress, can we achieve success, can we let the students know "honesty is the best policy".
Helping strangers has always been considered a treasured virtue of human kind,not only because we need help from others throughout all our life,but also because it brings us tremendous happines.However,some consider that helping others can sometimes put us to trouble.Because there are cheats who take advantage of our sympathy,and sometimes we are not able to provide the help needed-if we cannot swim,it is dangerous to help someone being drownned.
In my opinion,we should still try our best to help strangers.On the one hand,everyone needs help from others.No matter when one travels to others places or stays at home,it is hard to imagine how a man can live without the help of strangers,because nearly everything he uses is made by others.On the others hand,we take delight in helping others.We feel great joy when we are trusted and neened by others.
In a word,I contend that we should help others.At the same time,we should also learn to protect ourselves from being harmed.
Nowadays,the issue of help strangers has triggered a heated discussion.Some of people believe that helping stranger are great and necessary,because helping strangers is a treasured virtue of human kind.
However,some people hold the opinion that helping others can put us in trouble.It is known that more and more traffic accidents caused Hit-and-run driver by fled the scene,which will do the great damage to the people who help injurer.
As far as I am concerned ,just as every coin has two sides,it is true to the above phenomenon.In my opinion,we should still try our best to help strangers.On the one hand,everyone needs help from others.On the others hand,We feel great joy when we are trusted and needed by others.In a word ,we should also learn to protect ourselves when we help others.
In recent months,it is becoming increasingly common that lots of people opening a microblog.It is not only including the stars, celebrities,but also government officials.It is known that the most users of microblog are ordinary people!
People using the microblog can get more and more information about live,news,and so on .But ,just as every coin has two sides, microblogs might give rise to some problems as well.
Some people would express their thoughts and ideas by writting them down in the microblogs rather than communicate with their friends or family members.Day and day ,microblogs tend to draw people away from real life.
In my opinion,microblog is a good platfrom for people to express their personal experiences .However, people should adjust the time and aviod spending the whole day on it.
When I see the title , I am thinking about whom I write .In the end ,I decide to write myself .In my opinion ,as a human ,we should love ourselves first ,then love our families ,our friendship and so on .
On the one hand , we should treasure our health and bodies.
I think it's an emotion belongs to love .On the other hand , there are some good characters of myself like stars shining.
Such as bravery ,patience and a little gentleness .when it talk about bravery ,I have never cried in public .And no matter what happened ,I always deal with it bravely and patiently .As for gentleness ,I hardly ever shout at anyone .I always manage my temper well .
So I think I have enough reasons to love myself .
Recently,our class English teaching reform has become the group teaching.As the group teaching,different people have many different views.
Those who hold the first opinion think that the English studying in groups that is good.In their view,English studying in groups can improve students' learning enthusiasm.On the contrary,Those who hold the opposite view think that English studying in groups that is bad.They argue that is not in accordance with their previous habits of learning English.Changing habits are difficult to them.
As far as I am concerned,I agree with the first opinion,First,English group learning can the learning enthusiasm of mine;Second,English syudying in groups can enhance communication among members,to promote students to friendship;The most important of all,We can learn English better and increase the English scores.In a word,We can use English better and get English level Four.
Living abroad can be the most incredible experience of someone's life or it can be the worst, depending on how to deal with the difficulties of living and working in a foreign country.
Adjusting to a new country and a new culture can be hard, especially when we aren't willing to adapt or be accepted by the cultural that is completely different to our own.
There are many differences between China and the west, as far as I am concerned, totally different cultures that lead the culture shock can be regarded as the most typical example.
From the movie GuaSha, I have a deep understanding of culture shock.
Originally, GuaSha is a traditional treatment, but because of the differences between Chinese and the Western culture, they made a lot of troubles and misunderstandings.
Owing to different legal system, Chinese may violate the law more often, make mistakes virtually.
After all, western culture is based on individualism rather than on collectivism.
For instance, in the US, you always talk about individual rights, instead of placing the whole society above your own self.
This is clearly different in China where a country, society or family are placed above your own self.
So, it's important to remember that there is nothing wrong with culture shock.
It's how we deal with culture shock that allows us to let ourselves go and immerse ourselves in a foreign culture.
Yestday John bought a famous book.
The book is so good, that John just wanted to read this book.
It's time for dinner, John's father and his mother were in the table.
Oh, he is in his room and read that book.
So his mother let his father called him.
So his father went to call John.
He saw John was read the book.
He told John to eat dinner.
So John had to go to the dinner table, he feared his father.
His father wanted to know about this book, so he saw this book.
At first, he just thought this books is interesting.
But finally, he fall in love with this books and didn't want to eat.
At same time, John found his father was missing.
So he went to call his father.
When his found his father, he is enjoyed read his book.
He was so angry.
In my opinion, we must know what time do what kind of things.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
Many students as well as I participant in many after-school activities.
I took part in two activities, they are watching English films and sports.
By watching English films, my English level has been improved.
I also learn many new words which can be used in daily communication.
By doing sports, such as running, rope skipping, I am becoming healthier.
And I also get many new friends.
If you want to choose after-school activities, I will give you some advice.
First ,think about what is your favorite things.
For example, if you like drawing, you can take part in drawing activities .
Second, you can choose some useful activities, like watching English films, it can improve your English level.
Recently,Chinese people are racked with continuously emerging the problem of fake products.
According to a recent survey,it's the fake products that top the concerns of people and it take up approximately about sixty percent of the market .
In our daily lives, there are enormous fake goods.
Take the supermarket for example,when you go to the supermarket,you may buy some fake food and unqualified articles for daily use,which will exert a serious effect on our lives,making people's healthy condition impaired,and it would influence the development of the economy and the society.
The reasons to explain the phenomenon involves many complicated factors.
In the first place, the main thing perhaps centers on a certain group of businessmen's greed for money.
In order to get a large amount of money in a short time,they have been making every mean to produce fake products,neglecting consumers'rights and interests.
Secondly, we might attribute it to the consumer themselves who chase the brand products but cannot afford it.
In this case,the increasing market requirement not only led to fake products springing up like mushrooms in all levels but also give rise to a number of false advertisements disseminated by producers.
In dealing with it, one cannot but admit that our supervisory organizations should take a set of measures to crack down on the fake products.
It is urgent to set rules to protect the right of our consumers.
Additionally, people ought to strengthen their sense of alert.
For instance, going to the normal and big supermarkets and stores will be considered as a sensible way to avoid buying fake goods.
To sum up, only with the reform of our country's system and people's consumption consciousness rise up will the fake products decreased and be far away.
With the development of the internet,everyone accept a new way to making friends,communicating with others.Of course,a new problem,named "On cyber love",is coming.
gives us the happiness,have many friends.But,if you play a joke about others' love,you also accept a true love .
first feelings are very important,even it can have effects on the future.Everyone has the power to look for the true love ,when you intend to find it ,you should pay more attentions,because each person has one true love only .With your sincerity, looking for true love,then ,you will find it.
Now science and technology more and more developed, the computer is getting more and more popular, basically after all the normal use of the computer, but this part of most people rely on computer, excessive rely on computer will be largely caused you what things are not good at thinking, thinking will be slow.
I think the proper use of the computer is good, for example, you need some information you can look up the Internet more urgent need.
Like those in the online search for the answer to this is not necessary.
I also have a little turn computer anyway, to buy things on the Internet, information, download things, playing games, these should be the correct application of it, anyway, still less dependent on computer.
Every man has his faults.
All of us know this old saying, but few are conscious of the further meaning - to learn something from the mistakes you've made and make yourself on the way to perfect.
First, we should not be afraid of making mistakes.
When I was in primary school, teachers and parents frequently told the story of Thomas Edison, the greatest and most legendary inventor in the history.
It is no wonder that Edison drawn lots of valuable lesson from his failure.
I appreciate his saying, "I have not failed.
Moreover, we should acquire what we need from the things we have done wrong.
Chua Thian Poh is a Singaporean businessman who owns hundreds of millions of assets.
He went into business at the tender age of 16 after finishing school education.
Then he made his first million at 21.
Dramatically, he made a mistake and lost nearly everything just 4 years later.
But since then, the brave young man has built an investment company worth more than $1billion.
Chua once said.
I think what he learned from the mistake was not only determination but also precious experience and a strong mind.
From what have mentioned above, I think we students should realize that mistakes is a wonderful teacher.
We are now on the bridge leading to the society, which is filled with opportunity and cruelty.
College is the last place that allows us to make mistakes and gives us the chance to learn something, not only lessons but necessary skills.
Failure is the mother of success.
Making mistakes is the father of success.
What we should do is to really understand the meaning of mistakes and try our best to gain the unique treasure from it.
Nowadays,many students at learning English don't pay attention to spelling.They consider spelling is just writing,it has nothing to do with learning,woking and so on.Spelling only has a little influence.
Why appear this problem?In my opinion,there are several seasons lead to this condition.First,students are not take care of spelling which they think is little importance.Secondly,with the develop of technology,more and more electronic products arise,in a way,it instead of spelling and reduce the chance of spelling.Thirdly,students ignore the quality,so they often have some mistakes.
In order to change this condition,as far as I'm concerned,it's the key to have a good attitude.Meanwhile,pay more attention to spelling.Soaring the number of spelling is also necessary.Teacher in the class should require students.I think through some time,they will have improve.
A few weeks ago, I started my university, which had been expected for a long time.
Nevertheless, there are some differences between my imagination and real life.
As far as I am concerned, freedom, relaxation and independence are what attract me most on campus.
After experiencing it by myself, I feel so little desire to start because studying in college is more challenging.
To be honest, I'm not confident enough, even I'm shy to introduce myself in the front of class.
But these days I realized the irreplaceably important role confidence plays in our college life is significant.
I don't know how to change it and I wish I can become a confident person.
And I'm worry about not being able to make good use of every day to make my college life colorful.
In any way, I want to have a colorful college life rather than a boring life and I don't want to regret what I did.
So I will try my best, never say "impossible ".
With the development of economy,more and more people prefer to choose cities to settle down ,which cause overpopulation and consequent problems.
As we all known,everybody needs his room to live.For this reason,the price of houses that was built in the urban districts is more and more expensive.In addition,the traffic jam becomes serious gradually.Last but not least,the large population results in more rubbish and pollution.
Meanwhile,what the gap between countrysides and cities is more obvious than previous situation is results from the huge gap of population.
Confronted with these problem,we can take effective measures to cope with problems.On one hand,everyone should realize the results of these problems and change the attitude towards that.On the other hand,the government should remote the development of the countryside and deal with the pollution of city correctly.
Some people think:we are what we read.No, I strongly disagree it.I believe that it is the truth,the world will be peaceable.Reading and practice,the practice is more important.So I think practice is the best way to learn.
I firmly believe that practice is the best way learn.In my opinion,we read the book for practice,someone may doubt why we read.In order to succeed quickly.In ancient times,there is a saying talking about strategy on paper.we often say"what's learned from books was superficial of all.It's crucial to have it personally tested somehow.
"So we can see,people are emphasizing the importance of practice from ancient times to the present.
Practice is the important way to learn.For example,if you read the books;blogs and articles on ice skating,you would likely think it's pretty easy,but it's only in theory,when yo strap on some skates and step on the ice for the very first time and my bets are that you'd be sitting on the ice a whole lot more than you'd gracefully gliding around on it,it also boils down to the old saying that practice makes you are perfect.
There are some things you couldn't learn simply by reading and get it could be argued that they are the most important things to know.For instance,in practice,you know what kinds of methods is suitable for you,you should have what kind of ability or how to play your strengths,and you will know you what are the deficiencies and so on.
Only through the practice,we could say the experience.
The knowledge in the book is also acquired through experience,if you put into practice,you might get a different experience.
As you can see from the above picture ,the percentage of colleage students taking part time job increase rapidly.There are many three main reasons may explain this phenomenom.
First and all,stuents have more time and energy to do something except study than they were in junior high school and senior high school.Having more leisure time ,some of them feel it is boring to stay tat school all the time,so they chose to do something else to make their life more colorful.
The second one is more and more undergraduates consider that it is not enough to accept knowledge all in paper ,they should know more about the societies.It's no mistake to say that school cannot teach us everything.
last but not least ,some of student feel they have great deficit in money.Some were born to be in worse-off family ,but the reason that majority of them use money unproperly contribute their lacking of money.
As far as I am concerned ,it is not bad to do some part time job when they are free.
This is my first Eglish lesson,The teacher required our write a composition of my favorite way of learning.I believe that the way of learning is different from everybody.Of course,I have the way to belong to me.
In the first,we have to learn to read more,such as,reading English materials every morning is a good habit and also helps a lot.And then,reading more extracurricular books.One the other hand,actively in class and outside activities,exchang students in English and flow.On country,keep English skill will keep better our writing skills.
This is my favorite way of learning,I believe we follow above all,my English is high better and better.
It is commonly thought that our society had dramatically changed these recent years.However, nowadays people tend to be very cautious of strangers, because they are afraid that helping others can sometimes bring them trouble.As is seen to me, I absolutely convince that we should help strangers.
Helping strangers used to be considered as a virtue,It goes without saying that after giving rose to others, fragrance remains with the hands.To some extent, helping others is helping oneself even it may put us in danger.Moreover, lending a hand to a stranger often puts us in a vulnerable position for it means trusting someone we do not even know.It is important that we should learn to protect ourselves when we faced with trouble when helping others.
To put it in a nutshell, only by using appropriate way, can we contribute more to the others and ourselves.
In recent years, domestic food safety problem is ongoing concerns about.
There are many is not in conformity with the provisions of the food, for example have melamine milk, use a hogwash oil food and so on.
Now the fruit skin also contains a lot of residual pesticides.
And the manufacturer to the pursuit of profit, the use of some chemical raw materials to make food.
Many people eat these unsafe food body after a lot of problems have arisen.
Especially milk powder, containing melamine milk powder will make a baby with kidney stones and fatal disease.
So, we should improve our food safety awareness.
Buy something, check carefully production date, expiration period and so on, and pay attention to food is there such as color metamorphic reaction.
At the same time, we should pay attention to the regular food sack on the QS sign, is through the food safety check the symbol, these food can be safe to eat.
The above is a kind of food packaging, if not packing, you can through smell, touch, and so on feeling to move food, can feel to see smell, try his sensory organs.
Food safety is everybody should pay attention to the problems, we all should be effective prevention.
I have noticed this special English writing teacher when she come into the classroom.Intelligence and kindess are her feature.It's interesting for us to listen her teaching.So I also enjoy this course.
She is very slim.A big smile always on her face,and sometimes in order to increase the classroom atmosphere ,she makes guesture to make us totally understand what she want to espress.Although we have a wild laugh at that time.we know how imperious that she eager to teach us all her about .For this part,I am very moved.I like her teaching method,analysising the sample of passage is enjoyable and worthful.When it is comes to our practice,some students are praised and the other encouraged.
We know a turth that we only have a short term to get along with.Making progress is our combined effects.Best wishes for our lovely and duteous English wirting teacher.
October 7th,many people were felt very worried,when they knew the great man Steve Jobs dead.Steve Jobs was a CEO of the biggest mobile equipment provider Apple company.He was chaperonage the Apple company develop.and he made his Apple became an indispensable in our life.
I have an iPad2,what it was my father give me as my birthday gift.Although I used my iPad often.But I never was an apple fan.Because.the IOS(integrated office system of iPhone)isn't support software multi process very well.This is a big shortcoming of Apple product.
On the other hand,apple product's industrial design was perfect.Usually.I used my iPad,who I felt so cool.Whatever iPod iPhone or iPad,their aspect looked very nice.Those were reasons for why apple product sought after.There's so many applications in app store supply user amusement and work.
Without a doubt Steve Jobs was a successful person.When he was dead,so many people condole him.
Obama the president of the USA makes a statement for recall him.Many people think he was the hero of American.
October 1st is national day of our country.
The national day is an important festival in China.
We can fly five starts flag on the first day in Tian'anmen square and we sing national anthem,too.
We can have seven days.
We can stay with our family in these days we can relax at home self-darving tour.
Because all the highways of our country are free of charge during the national day.
There for,many people choose self-draving tour which to save much money.
In this national day I visited my grandfather and grandmother.
They reside in a small town.
But that town is so beautiful.
Different season has different scenery.
All the year round we can breath the fresh air.
In summer there have lot of flowers grass high mountion and brook.
But I went there in the fall so I can't watch gree just be full of the yellow.
That was nice.
I love there.
Another day we have a picnic with my family.
We by everything.
In the morning we driving car arrived the scenic spot.
First we climbed the mountain.
The mountain is so high.
As the saying goes,thought highly of more and more far,that's right.
We can see blue sky.
The vast field of vision.
At noon we picnic.
Then we back home.
It was nice day.
At the end of holiday.
I return to school see my dear classmates.
Occasionally miss vacation.
I love my holiday and miss my holiday.
The national day is an important festival in China.
At the same time the national day is important for me.
We all want to grow up happily and healthily, and for this goal we must do several things.
Firstly, we should develop a positive attitude towards life.
Life consists of not only sunshine but also hard times.
We should be brave when faced with difficulties.
Secondly, we must study hard because knowledge is power.
If we have the power, we can contribute to building our country and at the same time enjoy a better life.
Maintaining a healthy body is fundamental to leading a fulfilling, successful life.
The secret to a healthy body is regular exercise and a balanced diet combined.
If we do those things well, we will be able to grow up happily and healthily.
In different nations, people's attitudes to ways of learning are not similar.
What's more, sometimes, it will be opposite to each other.
Chinese believe that skill should be the first one.
In their opinion, if skills are not acquired early, they will never be acquired.
Only if someone learns skills early would he handle extremely skillfully.
American educators, on the other hand, have the opinion that creativity is more necessary for children.
Thus,they think that creativity must emerge early while the skills can be picked up later.
In my opinion, both skills and creativity are important for learners.
In other words, they are on an equal footing.
Without skills, things creating will be simple and it can't be used widely.
However, if there is only skill, the world will stagnate, we always use those antique.
So without either skills or creativity, it'll be awful.
For myself, I have the method of three-steps to make sure I can study intensely diligently.
First of all, I'll prepare lessons before class.
Then I'll listen attentively to lessons.
Last but not least, I'll revise my lessons and do exercise.
I am proud of being a college student.
I was so excited when l entered the college.
l must say the campus life is really different from what l have experienced in high school.
On the one hand, when l was in high school l had to study all the time to do what l wanted to.
Last, college activities are very rich and colorful, play bedminton is my favorite activity.
l believe college life is important.
Staging in my life.
In college, l can how to get on with other, how to become more and more independently, enrich our spiritual world.
l will cherish my college time.
ln a Word, college life is wonderful.
My hometown is Beijing that it is capital of china.Beijing is a very beautiful and important city.
Which is one of the ancient cities in china .There are many famous wonders and beautiful spots.such as the great wall,Tiananmen square, Beihai park and so on.Beijing also the center of politics , economy and culture of our country .In recent years .The city of Beijing has been advancing very quickly .
You can see more museums,parks and shopping center here and there.
More and more highways and tall buildings have been built up.people's life get better and better.I'm sure greater changes will take place in Beijing in the next few years.I love Beijing.
Dream in vain on itself say very important.One can have a lot of dream.But I develop grandually only have a dream to be a paleontologist.
I have an ardent love for the dinosaurs.I love them,because they are mysterious,violent and fierce.So I want in the Gobi,in the desert,or dig the dinosaur fossils in the cliff.
The biggest carnivorous dinosaurs are Spinosaurus.They are my favorite dinosaurs.So,My dream is to be a paleontologist.It can't make a lot of money,but it's my dream,I love it very much.Do you like my dream?
Debates among the people about motorcycle restriction has escalated and brought evangel to the environmental protection since it means fewer cars on the road, thus less waste gas and resource consumption.
In that they consider the change too conservative, some are pessimistic and want more radical regulations.
From their prospective of view, positive changes to the environment are too minor.
Still, a small portion of people have been fighting for some exact calculation between the positive effect to the environment and the inconvenience caused by the restriction.
As for me, aware of the seriousness of the situation, we should take up our own responsibilities respectively-the government should better the public traffic system, and citizens follow the necessary regulations.
Only in this way will environment and traffic be updated together.
The theme of Chapter 5 is that before further trade liberalization, NATTA and WTO should repair and rebuild the existing trade agreement.
What's more, the US policy makers should review the structure, enforcement and effectiveness of US trade policies.
In addition, The movement of foreign direct investment by the US, the sustained and substantial appreciation of the US dollar, the difference of tax system and judicial system among countries should also be taken into account.
Only in this way, can the promised benefits including balanced trade, job creation, manufacturing revitalization and economy boom be achieved.
Then I will tell you how to do it by one of my successful experiences buying on line.
Firstly, you have to go to the bank to apply for the serve to pay on line.
I have a card of ABC (Agriculture Bank of China).
So I went to the ABC, and I told the clerk that I wanted to apply the serve of online bank to go shopping on line.
Then she gave me a form and asked me to fill with my real information in it including my full name, age, sex, ID numbers, address, telephone numbers and the numbers of my card of ABC.
After that, she helped me fill my basic information into an electronic form with a computer, and give me a USB-Key which we call "K bao".
Then with the her help, I set up my password of the USB-Key and downloaded a digital certificate.
That is all we have to do in the bank.
Secondly, you should search what you want to buy on line.
There are several good websites for e-shops, such as "New Egg","Amazon","360buy" and"Tmall".
Last time I wanted to buy the book of NEW CONCEPT ENGLISH 3.
After I searched it in the webs above, I found it was the cheapest in the "Amazon".
So I decided to buy it there finally.
Thirdly, you will have some work to do in the web which you have selected to buy what you want.
First, you have to register in the web including filling with your address, phone numbers, full name, E-mall address and other information.
Then you have to find what you want to buy in the web.
Finally you have to do following the tips in the web to finish this shopping trip in the web.
Then I will show you my operation buying my book.
After my register, I inserted my USB-Key in my computer, and set up it, which would be used in the next operation.
Then I came back to the web.
I clicked the link of "Buy now", filled with my password of the USB-Key, and followed the tips of the web.
Which is extremely easy, everyone can be good at it.
Finally, what you have to do is to wait for the courier calling you to take your package, which will be the real end of your shopping trip.
That is the process of shopping on line.
I suppose that you must have known how to go shopping on line.
I want to learn English for different reasons.Because of my strong desire to communicate and make friends with foreigners,I began to study English carefully when I was taught in middle school.
I ever been one of top students in English in my class,which should owe to the kind and patient teaching way of my second teacher in my life who taught our English.Then,at my senior school days,I wanted to know more vocabulary to understand the lyrics of some English songs and the lines of some movies, as a result of this ,study harder and harder help me realize it, I didn't get a satisfy score in National College Entrance Exam.All in all,I learn English for different reasons,but without my really willing.
I think it is important for us to keep safe at school.
First we shouldn't fight with other people and we should get on well with others.
Second we should pay attention to other people, because sometimes you keep careful but someone doesn't notice you, that hurt you.
Next we can't run in classroom or floor but we can run in the playground.
Then we should be careful when we play basketball with other people in PE.
Finally when we hurt, don't be worried about that and keep composure that can help you.
I hope these suggestions can help you.
The pace of globalization remains sluggish even as technological globalization continued at a rapid clip.
The slowdown was triggered by the Asian financial crises while the Asian flu was partly to blame.
Although the greater openness of the most globalized countries allowed them further gains in integration, the lower levels of technological and economical integration of the remaining world generated a gaping digital chasm between developed and emerging-market countries and, worse still, even among industrialized countries.
High levels of regulation, inadequate human capital and interior infrastructure are some fundamental concerns to bridge the divide.
As a result, despite an exponential growth of technological integration indicators, globalization as a whole is seriously impeded.
It is commonly believed that how to make a positive impression for everyone especially in the soaring keen social competition at present is becoming more and more crucial .
As far as I'm concerned ,to develop self-confidence first is really necessary and essential if you want to make a positive impression .
Then before you make an impression about something , you're composed to know it completely .
And during an impression , your introduction should be supported by sound reasons .
At last but not least , for a controversial issue , you'd better make full use of your personal attitude and thought .
In a word ,you can take an ocean of factors into consideration from other perspectives .
Nowadays,There are exists an increasingly serious social problem that the mass prefer to compare ourselves with others from brand clothes to accomplishments.When it comes to comparing,individuals are excited.Is it wise to compare ourselves wih others?Maybe someone says that it can inspire ourselves to work hard.There are some truth in both argument.But I believe the disadvantage of comparing overweigh the advantage.
There are a number of reasons why I am not in favour of comparing ourselves with others .Different people have different life.And there is no ponit to compare ourselves with others .what's more,it is likely that we do wrong things because we compare with others with sightless.It is known to everyone that a university student sold his kidney to buy a iphone.What a terrible thing!human always say that comparing ourselves with others insire ourselves to do our best.While it is just a little part of comparing.
Above all,it is not wise to compare ourselves with others .It is essential that we should be ourselves.Don't let comparing steal our future!
Nowadays,online shopping has become a fashion in our life.There is a growing tendency for people to select online shopping at home.Online shopping has a lot of benefits,of which the most important is its convenience.People can buy the goods they like in the internet.Meanwhile,shopping online is time-saving,which needn't you to go out.Just Clicking your mouse,you can go through the products with various colors and sizes you need.
Every coin has two sides and online shopping is not an exception,it also has disadvantages.Firstly,the products might be in poor quality because you just look at the products but don't recognize the quality of the products.Secondly,it's not safe because you may be cheated by the businessmen which would lose both goods and money.
In a word,from what has been discussed above,I agree with online shopping although it has many problems.And I think it will become a perfect way of entertainment in the future through our efforts.
Saying goes that,"The early bird catches the worm.
"Recently,having a special experience ,I learnt a lot from life about the proverb.
Our Maths teacher always makes us read books by ourselves before we have a lesson.As far as I'm concerned,it was a waste of time doing this homework.The next day, the teacher's teaching speed was so fast that I couldn't take the notes clearly,despite the fact that I wrote as fast as I could.While making a preparation,the other classmates thought the speed is seemly,and they had already understood all the context during the class.II didn't care about it,so I still didn't make a preparation before the maths lesson.
Finally,we have a final examination.My mark is so poor that I didn't pass the exam.And during the new term, making a preparation ,I made a great progress.
I think to make a good project,not only does it require one's intelligence,but also it need one's hard work.
Kathy is one of the college students, and her family is so poor that she has to find a job to afford her tuition.
But, it is not easy for her.
At first, she would like to take part in the work-study program on campus, but she was bad luck.
The program had stopped because of budget cuts.
Then, she joined the two interviews to the help of teachers.
But, she still failed.
One of the reasons is her computer skills were lacked, another reason is the boss just wanted to find a personal secretary, but not a worker.
However, Kathy finally found a good job with the help of her boyfriend.
The job just needs her teaching a kid music after school.
Now, she can pay for the tuition by herself.
The 21st century is an era of information explosion, and many people have to read a lot in order to adapt themselves to the social development.
They have various opinions about this.
On the one hand, some of them think that they should read selectively.
Because some of what they read have little useful information except meaningless information.
And reading them is just wasting their time and energy.
So they think it is essential to read selectively.
On the other hand, the rest of them think that they should read extensively.
They think it can broaden their horizon and make them more intelligent.
Finally, if you ask me, I would combine them together.
That is, I would read as much as possible and roughly read those which are not important or useful.
It can not only broaden my horizon but also save some time and energy for me.
Sometimes how to make friends is not an easy task for students.
As we can see in the picture, a boy give a 100-yuan note to a girl, saying that it is a small thing to show our friendship.
The picture vividly reflects that the children see friendly as the money.
The true friendship is lost.
As the matter of the fact, it is an obvious phenomenon for students to express friendship by money.
However, I believe that the true friendship is that the friends whoever can help and encourage each other in our daily life.
In my opinion, I have a friend who can listen to my worries and I can share the happy or unhappy with him.
I think I'm lucky.
In total, the true friendship rather than be a way to exchange the money, it is important for friends to show our love each other.
Nowadays,as we all know ,it's normal that one with higher education background earns more money weekly than those with lower ones.
Through the investigation of persons age 25 and over.We can do some summarize.First of all,compared with those with comparatively lower education degree, people who have received higher education possess considerably wider knowledge, more remarkable learning and research ability, greater innovation and most of all, resourceful social network, all of which are essential to a high-income work.And then, the higher one's education degree is, the bigger platform he will have to show his ability.
For example, his college, university, or research institute will organize various job fairs for them to communicate face to face with employers.
and as a college,we also should pay more attention in study to build our motherland strive for a better life for ourselves.
More and more Internet users in china find the fun Online shopping .China Internet Network Information Center said that there are outnumber 87millions chinese online shopping first half of the year.It means that there are one fourth of Internet users in China have been Online shopping.Most of Online shoppers are students and white-collar workers aged 18-30 years,monthy income in 1000 yuan-3000 yuan.The women Online shopping more than men.Cloth and household products are the most of things by the Online shopping .We estimate that the trend of Online shopping will be increase.This reflects the strong development momentum of Chinese econimy.
Yesterday, a topic about animals was discussed by my classmates in the English class.
Forty percent of them thought that we should keep animals in zoos.
More kinds of animals will be seen and taken good care of, if they are in the zoos.
However, the rest don't agree with them.
In their opinions, animals have lived in the nature for a long time.
They prefer living in the nature to living in zoos.
They can't move around freely in the cage.
Personally, I think we can't say that two points of views are true or false.
To some endangered animals, they can't protect themselves well in the nature.
They will be killed for their fur or meat by other animals and people.
In this case, the amount of them will become smaller and smaller.
Maybe one day, they will disappear on the earth forever.
On the other hand, keeping common animals in zoos may make them feel nervous.
They will be in bad health.
In a word, I think it is necessary for endangered animals to protect in zoos, but other animals shouldn't be kept in zoos.
Wish you a wonderful and new semester.
The moment I heard the news of new courses.I made my choice to learn the "Contemporary America",because what the most urgent thing for me is to get a total concept of American society.And chances are that the course is my first step to abroad,which may benefit to my life in the future greatly.
More importantly,I'm considered as one of the best speakers in English,which means I'm qualified to attend the class.
Anxiously and hopefully,I really appreciate your early reply of admission.
This cartoon tells us that quite a few youngsters are reluctant to read literature nowadays.In essence, because of the current network information is very developed.Students always used internet to get the information.They hold that, compared with long contents such as literature.And the electronic communication tools becoming increasingly widespread,people often get the message such as QQ and microblogs.More importantly,many students don't like reading literature.They think that is boring.
For my opinion,reading literature is very important.Our history culture is profound,we should read more literature to enrich our knowledge and expand our horizons.In short,literature is indispensable in our life.So,why not spend some time on literature?
Some persons support but some persons against because there are some advantages and disadvantages of it.
The advantage of it is that cellphone can refer something important of what we need.
If we encounter some urgent problems, we can contact families immediately.
Every coin has two sides.
Using cellphone also has some disadvantages such as students will pay more attention to their cellphones if they use them in classrooms, they will be addicted to mobile phone and forget something important so on.
Of course, something bad from cellphones will make them uneasy.
In my opinions, students shouldn't be allowed to use it in classrooms.
Students don't have enough self -control to control themselves, so they will spend more time on playing cellphones than studying.
Maybe the picture is about a splendid natural landscape, or a college student help a blind person cross the road.
Different person have different definitions of beauty, however, it is significant to look for beauty around you.
The beauty of nature is a necessary part of human life.
A many-splendid landscape, a centuries--old history, and a rich cultural legacy have added to the fascination of China as every traveler's destination.
For instance, Mount Huang is located in the south of Anhui Province.
A legend claims that Emperor Xuanyuan cultivated himself into an immortal on the mountain.
Mount Huang is celebrated for its four wonderful mountain scenes: odd-shaped pines, bizarre rocks, cloud seas and hot springs.
Mount Huang has a wealth of natural heritage too.
The unpredictable nature lures countless painters and poets seeking inspiration.
The beauty lies in not only in nature but also in people's mind.
Taking Wenchuan earthquake as an example, how many people in support of it spontaneity, how many people contribute their money and articles such as clothes, tents and food which are essential to those sufferings.
What is more, as a college student, to be a volunteer to help the education of west area is a glory and holy thing.
In addition, doing well the little thing around you is also an important part of spirit.
For example, don't throw litters, save water and electricity resource and help people who are in trouble.
In conclusion, the meaning of beauty is a kind of feeling.
When you appreciate natural landscape, you will feel the scenery is beautiful; when you help others, you will feel you are extremely happy.
As a great sculptor once said that it was not lack of beauty, but a lack of eyes to find beauty.
Let's open our eyes to look for the beauty around us.
Yesterday I was a child who need parents' protection.
Now I am an adult who is not afraid of any difficulty.
Yesterday I was at home doing things that I like but not really useful.
Now I'm doing things that I like and are also meaningful.
Yesterday I was in high school studying hard to be able to be here.
Now I'm here using my hands to build my new life.
I remember the first day when I arrived at this school.
It surprised me.
The scenery here was extremely beautiful and the people were very kind.
Everything is totally different from that in my high school.
It's fresh here and I enjoy it.
Actually, I didn't adapt to the life here at the beginning.
Because when I was home, I didn't need to wash clothes or deal with everything myself.
But now, I have to do all of these on my own.
What's more, in high school, teachers always told us what to do.
So most of us don't really know how to study by ourselves.However, in university, no one will tell us everything.
If we want to be the top, we must try much harder.
Even if the life here is different even a little difficult, I think we can get more experience from it.
And interesting things often happen.
Last week, my roommate and I went to the North Supermaket to buy something.
As we passed by a small shop which was selling daily necessities, two foreigners were asking for something but the shopkeeper didn't understand them.
Then we two went to them and asked what they wanted to buy.
They spoke fluent English, telling us that they wanted a COMB.
So we translated it to the shopkeeper and smoothly helped them buy two combs with five Yuan.
And during the conversation with them, we knew they came form Sudan and were being here for high school.
What is regretful is that we forgot to take a photo with them.
But the experience will be remembered in my mind and I do think it's an essential step to my university life.
The beginning of my university life is colorful, fresh and meaningful.
Even if there is trouble sometimes, even if I am not with parents, now I have already been here, waiting for the challenge.
As is know to all, Wang Zhizhi is hard-working player.
achievement, but also buy people deeply remember.
In the 2010 Asian Games men is baskball finals, he also did not let people down.
final, he got a split second.
But then they had a problem.
have been to tired, almost do not move.
Nowadays, with the development of internet and more and more foreigners coming to China, we can know about west countries.
Nevertheless, there are some culture shock because the differences between China and west.
To start with, it's a big difference in idea of children between China and west.
In west, people think children should independent and free.
They give children large space to grow and develop by kids with happy and significance childhood.
They inspire the talent of kids and regret the children what they like or what they want to do.
Then, they seldom scold and punish kids.
Especially, striking the children is illegal in some west countries.
On the contrary, Chinese parents require their children to do something they don't like, which make children don't have free time and less idea for this world.
Besides, they inspire kids with material and spoil children.
However, they are strict with child's study and punish.
Therefore, Chinese kids always depend on parents, even though they become adults, their parents also need to be worried about them.
Secondly, expression of anger is different.
Western expresses their anger on face whenever they are angry.
Rather, we are little find people are really angry when something unhappy in China, in fact, they are angry but they don't express on face.
Thus, westerner is more direct to represent their emotions and though.
By contrast, we will think Chinese are false because they hide their emotions.
But this is a way for Chinese from the long history to integrate with people.
Finally, china and west have various attitudes to punctuality.
Westerner is time keeping whatever they do.
So it's impolite when people are early or late.
Conversely, Chinese attitude to punctuality is not so strict.
Generally, it's allowed to people be late about 15 minutes.
Above all, there are lots of differences in this world, particularly it's between China and west.
So we need to find those difference.
In "Once More To The Lake," E. B.
White, together with his son, revisits the lake in Maine, which is his ideal boyhood vocation spot.
According to E. B.
White, the lake in the woods does not change very much.
It is still placid, quiet, and tranquil.
New and noisy boats disturb the serenity of the lake.
The author implies that technology is impure and damaging.
I can still remember the old streets of my hometown.
When I was a child, I often followed my grandfather step by step on the smooth flagstones to watch Huangmei opera.
Actually, I could not understand it at all.
I came there only to seek for sugar coated haws on a stick, and pinwheel, and to play with other kids.
The drama stage is not far away from my primary school, which was also set on the old street.
But several years ago, the government wanted to change the whole pattern of the town, especially the old streets, which they maintained would greatly damage the town new appearance.
Last summer, I came back to my school, which would soon be pulled down with the old opera center.
It was not as large as I could remembered, but it was still cordial and warm to me.
I walked past the whole schoolyard with my neighbour, who was a pupil in the school.
She was too excited to enjoy the beautiful sceneries in the school garden because she, along with all the pupils here, would move to a new campus of our primary school, which was modern and full-equipped.
I was sad , though.
Life brings tears, smiles, and memories.
The tears dry.
The smiles fade.
However, the memories last forever.
Concrete buildings and new facilities do no make sense to me.
I value and cherish the place where I have lived for six years and I have learned to be a good person.
Thoreau remarks that technology would make man a tool of his tools.
Technology is employed to benefit humankind and beautify the world, not to harm people and uglify the world.
However, when we look around, primitive forests and sceneries are no more and crowned buildings are everywhere.
The world today is full of tools and machines, I am afraid one day we human beings would become slaves of tools, just as what Thoreau says.
The story also shows E. B.
White's realization of the life cycle.
He plays the role of his father during the trip, just as his son takes his place.
It is not an entirely new feeling, but it grows much stronger.
Also, he feels the looming death while he watches his son's movements on the shores of the lake.
From my perspective, Life itself is a circle.
If there is no death, there is no new birth.
All living matter undergoes a process of metabolism, so life can move on and humans keep evolving steadily.
The story reminds me of Luxun's novel , My Old Home.
Luxun also shows his own understanding of life cycle between lines.
Although there is such a barrier between Jun-tu and "I", Hung-erh and Shuisheng still have much in common.
They have formed an intimate friendship and new life will fold on before them.
So their life is full of hope and optimism.
When my cousin was pregnant, my grandfather was then stricken with serious illness and his life would not be long.
Like E. B.
White, I also feel the chill of death while I feel the joy of new life.
My grandfather suffered great pain before death, but he complained nothing and regretted nothing.
He even smiled to us and comforted us when we came to see him.
I admired his courage to face death squarely.
It was the baby that made the whole family felt a sensation of consolation and solace when we finally lost my grandpa.
For me, I am not afraid of death and the pain that I will suffer.
It is my contention that we should move on and face life bravely and optimistically, for new life is a gift and a miracle.
To some extent, The process of the life cycle is both painful and joyful.
As we move from winter to spring, we are reminded of rebirth and the renewal of life.
We should face life actively.
If swallows go away, they will come back again.
If willows wither, they will turn green again.
If peaches shed their blossoms, they will flower again.
So life itself is a circle.
And in a letter written in May 1984, then Premier Zhao Ziyang promised university students in Hong Kong that protecting the people's democratic rights was a basic principle of the government.
He assured them that there would, someday, be democratic rule in Hong Kong.
China's central government is describing the so-called Occupy Central movement in Hong Kong as an "illegal gathering.
"At the same time,mainland authorities asy they're confident authorities in Hong kong are able to handle it.
In modern society,mobile phone plays an important role in people's life.One of the problems that have aroused students' attention is the use of mobile phone in reading rooms in the library.
There is no doubt,This behavior will have bad effect.First,when you use the telephone,you can't be concentrate on the study.Second,with the ringing of the phones and people's talking,Student can't read as well.
Therefore,when you need to make a call or send messages,You'd better go out of the room or lower your voice.In addition,when you go to the library, you don't need to bring mobile phone.
Nowaday environmental problem become the first problem for our city, so I want to talk with you about the environmental problems with our city.
You always do something busy for your work,maybe you lose sight of our city about the detail of our city's environmental problems.
The first problem about our city is that too many people often throw trash on the street.
According to a survey, the reason of 60% people throw trash on the street that they can't find garbage can on the street.
Too mang cars is the second problem for our city,we all know more cars mean more air pollution.
Car ashiest isn't good for people's health, so too much more car in our city is not good thing.
To solve the above problem, I have some advice.
To solve first problem,our government should pour money to busy more garbage can to be used for more people.
TO solve second problem, our government should to promote public transport.
Convenient public transport will effectively solve this problem.
I hope you can listen to my opinion.
As can be seen in the picture,dad and son are talking about the problem of rubbish.The son looks at how to deal with nuclear waste,and the dad thinks it's importance of cleaning the dustbin.
In my opinion,it is importance of doing small things before undertaking something big.
we always focus on the thing lasts a long time rather than a small thing around us.If we always do things in that way,we should have succeeded,should have achieved th goal we aimed at.CHINA likes to cover large distance in small steps.
In a word,we need to pay attention to do small things before undertaking something big likes the dad says.Focusing on the "full dustbin" around us,not the"nuclear waste".
S.S PEARL .The goods will be transshipment by "MAYFLOWER" in Hong Kong.It will be transaction by C&F.We have faxed to you at Mar.15,2013,to confirm that you are insured.
I'm sorry to hear about your trouble.You have two mistakes.One is bad enough that you did not talk to her turth.you will show your honest.Your friend maybe did not be angry with you.Why not talk truth for your friend.
The other one.You should not refused you friend.You can say sorry to your friend.
In the world.friend are impromtand for us.We should deal with it correctly and in that way we can live a happy and colourful lifes.
Ninteen years,you gave me life,since then,you are no longer a weak girl ,you became a strong mother,you protect me from being hurt.
Yesterday is your 40th birthday.I went home to celebrate birthday to you.I found your face are full of wrinkles.Your long hair has become a short hair,you are no longer to dress up,you place all energy on me and our family.Time took away your beaty,but in my mind,you are so beautiful,you are a great mother.
Now,I can not always stay here by your side,dad always go on a business too,but we always miss you.
His words encouraged many persons who were seen not smart enough to succeed in proving themselves.
I, one of once ordinary people, believed these words very much because I had the real experience the same as that.
My story about chemistry began in the age of my high school, and I never forgot those days of struggle.
I heard that my school provided a chemistry lesson with students who wanted to be in chemistry contest.
It interested me and I joined it immediately.
Amazing, over 100 students had the lesson in the extra time.
But I didn't mind to spend my spare time in learning it because I thought I was good at chemistry so that I didn't need to take more time except class time.
I was confident that 10 percent perspiration and 90 percent inspiration could make me win chemistry contest.
About one month later, we did the first test.
I just got 60 points, disappointing me, though it was more than half of students.
I knew those must just pay 1 percent perspiration for their study.
Then 30 percent of students left the lesson and never backed.
I persisted in studying chemistry because I wondered whether I could learn better if I pay more.
After one year, I took part in chemistry contest the first time.
I didn't expect to get a good grade.
I, surprising, got nothing.
It hurt me deeply.
I seemed to fall to hell, lost all hope.
I was not confident no longer and doubted that chemistry was too difficult for me.
At the time, I happened to see these words said by Edison, making me decide to try my best to do it again.
Next year, I was almost crazy to study chemistry.
I spent all time on chemistry except eating time and sleeping time.
I bought many books about chemistry and finished all exercises in them.
When I was walking on the street, various difficult problems come to my mind.
During the hole summer vacation, I didn't go back home but stay in school reviewed points of chemistry.
I did every exam of chemistry contest again and again.
The 99 percent perspiration paid, I couldn't wait to attend the chemistry contest.
The sooner the day of chemistry contest was coming, the more nervous I felt.
It was so important for me because it was the second and last chance to prove myself.
If I lost again, my life in high school would be gloomy sky.
On the day, I calmed down and regarded my love of chemistry as 1 percent inspiration.
Finally, I won the first prize in chemistry contest.
I never forget the 99 percent perspiration I had paid and proud of success.
I remembered "no pain, no gain" and understood that if you had paid, you got nothing just because you paid less.
So tried your best to do what you dreamed of.
Fristy, I encourage them to do so, Because I think in the eyes of sportsmen honor is more important than their life.
In a word, everyone has their life to think the most important thing.In sportsmen's eyes,in order to get a better score,seriously injured is famous all around the world.
As the same time,at the back of his glory is the effort.
In the past few years,in order to train,many parts of his body got hurt.
But he didn't discourage.So,after a time of failure and injury they finally succeed.Truely,all the efforts are worth it.
By the example above we can see that an athlete's biggest mission is to win glory for the motherland.So l encourage them to do so.
How are you doing?Recently,our school newspaper will begin a part what about western life and culture in order to make us recognize more knowledge.As a result,I am writing to ask you to write clause on it.
Here are some requirements about it.First,you can talk about your life for your middle school,so that our classmates can know more about western life.second,you could introduce a place where have great nature and can make persons happier.What is more,your article should have 400 words at last.finally,you must give me it before June 28th,so,I can publish it in time.
I believe your article will be popular around everybody.
As my good friend,I hope you can help me,I will thank you very much.
We're glad to advice you that the goods in the project of our No.J-29 sales confirmation, have loaded on S.S "Pearl" , and it will be transported to S.S "May Flower" in Hongkong .This item to be paid by CFR .
Success is a kind of contentment after fulfilling a task, a mission, with your heart overwhelmed by easiness and rejoice.
We may bump into many difficulties, when we solve them ,we feel success.
We may set goals in a short or long term, when we attain them, we feel success.
It also happens, for example, when you win a match, express yourself showing your eloquence.
For aggressive people ,surpassing others is success, which means you've managed to do something others can't; for philosophic ones, it's surpassing themselves that is real success.
Success may pass for glorious awards, also can be considered as ambitious mind and forwarding-looking mentality.
It can be arms of the humble, yet poisons for the hubris.
It's the happy ending of your ever efforts and your beginning of another trip.
I think the answer can be summarized into 5 points.
The first is your orientation ,which is the fundamental step of great importance.
You may learn from others' experience to set yourself a goal, as you choose a path , then you know where you should pave the road.
The 2rd one is your methods.
How will you go on with your goal---do you struggle at first without any hesitation in fear of missing the chance, or do you think over ,take everything into consideration, analyze latent risks, calculate how much you will sow and harvest to avoid failure.
Both of them are about method.
Third ,your attitude.
Have you been ready for the emotional fluctuation during your way up and down.
All of these require your unswerving willingness and unyielding resolution, which determine most how big your progress will be .
Fourth, your efforts, If you say the first 3 out of 5 points are too abstract, this one would be specific.
As the saying goes ,no pains no gains.
Let me exemplify it, as you plant ,you've chosen the place, prepared the shovels ,made up your mind, then you're gonna broadcast the seeds, water your plant ,trim and fertilize it now and then, spray pesticide, finally you will reap.
We can see the efforts last long, calling for your patience and your concrete plans.
Thereby efforts are the crucial step to success.
The last but not the least is your observation.
Winners find chances everywhere, nevertheless, losers find none.
Sometimes your feelings toward chance is inherent, just like intuition, but most of this capability are gained after birth, often generated by your good habit of scrutiny.
We look on the last point as a quick and efficient way of success.
Think some existed examples, Bill Gates ,Mark Zuckerberg and so on.
Analyze their success according to above-mentioned 5 points, you're sure to find clues.
Summarize and exert it in your career, and your life is going to flourish.
The parrots are a kind of bird.They can live for up to 50 years.How long they can live!
The parrots are bright enough to raise your spirits.For example,if you feel lonely,they will make you happy.
Besides,it is clever of parrots to speak human lanuages,such as English,Chinese and French.
In my opinion,the parrots are really cute ,it is nice to hold them in a cage,and it is wonderful for us to see them grow up.Keeping parrots is not only good for us to become responsible person,but also we can learn how to care for others.What's more,they only need a small space and a cage.
So,I think that parrats make the best pets.
I am an active boy.
I like adventure, and like to do some challenging games.
Every time I go to the park to see is that there a swing in the park, always takes high swing once more, as if to fly into the sky from the earth's surface.
If there is no swing, then climb is my second choice.
I know that did these moves, can make the adult nervous and worried.
But I'm just young and don't feel ashamed, even more to do more powerfully.
And unfortunately, every time I always succeeded in the adult heart hanging up and make it floor smooth.
This let Young and Innocent I think fun is dye-in-the-wood.
But "often walk along the river bank, which did not wet shoes".
Midsummer night, after dinner, my family and I, I have an older me two years old sister and love my parents, for a walk as usual went to the park near home.
Night, under the bright moonlight sprinkled on the ground as the frost, wind with summer breath slightly blowing in face.
Sporadic people sitting in the park, parents a busy day to sit down in a chair, quiet rest.
My restless heart can not enjoy the quiet of the night.
Just being quiet for a moment I just want to play, regardless of parents exhort, quickly ran away.
I climbed up the five or six meters high hills, and across the stream more than a meter wide.
I through tunnel, and jumping from height higher than me.
After "Conquer" the challenges, I finally took the "peak" -- three meters tall ladder.
I stand in front of the ladder affectedly activities the bones and muscles, and can't wait climbed up the ladder.
But my short legs can't reach parallel ladder, and had to be pursed bottom limbs and climb to go.
Standing in the above me, nervously heart "plop plop" jump.
My knees slightly bent, arms clasped the pillar, afraid of accidentally fell down.
I looked at parallel horizontal bar out of the reach, I venturesomely loosen hand, stood on tiptoe fast enough.
So I jumped down out of balance, only lay a finger on the parallel bars.
But I am not discouraged, stood on tiptoe did not touched, leap can be met.
With experience for the first time I quickly climbed up again, deep breaths, my heart for a long time.
Ready to jump up even if can not reach, it is not a big deal.
I sprang and both hands tightly caught the high bar.
I'm proud of myself, but I became panic soon.
My feet can't reach the ground, can only be hung on the horizontal bar, don't know what to do.
Only shakes a few, because my hand can not haven't the strength to hold, my belly hit thick stick stepping on before.
The pain that I almost can not make noises, also can't stand up.
It took me a long time, to recover, cried out, mother.
Mother heard to find, saw I curled up into a ball lying on the ground.
Picked me up in a hurry, my mother called a cab to sent me to the hospital.
After rehabilitation, I began to get fat.
Where the ribs and clear used to be covered in a thick layer of fat.
My abilities of movement became less, panting run dozens of meters.
I started to become self-abased, no longer love adventure, no longer have the courage to challenge themselves, as if the whole world narrowed, my space there are only a few square meters.
I don't like talking, only immersed in the network world.
I spend three years time that the lack of activity.
Until one sunny morning, I strolled around the playground, saw a scene that shocked me.
A man who liked a gymnast, swinged freely on the parallel bars, to make a series of difficult moves.
Or rotation, or undulated.
As if gravity doesn't work on him.
I was surprised on the horizontal bar, he relaxed and enjoyable on the bar to conquer me.
He made a series of action made me dazzling.
Big, tiger tiger gave birth to wind.
Sunshine on his face, through the glittering and translucent sweat into my eyes, that moment I was conquered by the power of the youth.
I want to do.
Do these seemingly dangerous but gorgeous actions.
He noticed me, he walked to me down from the horizontal bar.
He has a strong and handsome figure, but I was fat.
I don't know how to face him.
But his sunshine smile dissolved my unease.
Curious, I asked who he was, why in the school, how to do like him.
He told me that he is a soldier, come back to visit his Alma mater.
He told me have the courage to all things, to have the courage to challenge myself.
If we have the courage, a person is not afraid to do everything.
Then he encourages looked at me, touch my head, and turned to leave.
Looked at his back, I feel like my goal is to become like him.
I can no longer ignoranting bottom go to, I want to go back to the energetic boy.
From then on, I try to do the horizontal bar & parallel bars, although not be completed initially a complete action, I'm not discouraged, because the target is in the front, the courage to let I never give up.
Day after day, I insisted on down.
And my life has changed, when I meet with difficulties will think of the day.
Regardless of how face waves, the waves, head on straight.
I also survived the hard and good high school time, to go to military school.
With the steady growth our country's economy as well as the amazing improvement of people's living stand-ed.
The safety on the roads is coming more and more people's attention.
According to a recent survey that was carried out by CSD-china statistics popartment.
The number of traffic accident from 13445 to 17567 between 2010 and 2011.
Some people are of the opinion that stricter punishment for driving offenders in the only way to improve safety on the roads.
In their view.
There are 2 factors contributing to this attiende as follows: in the first place many driving offenders have a little punishment when they violate the traffic law, but they don't care about it.
They still cover the red light, drive car with drunk and so on.
The second, it is not only a private problem.
It tends everyone who walking on the roads.
If people don't have a safety aware on the roads.
That would be very dangers.
So it is goes without saying that stricter punishment is necessary.
As the proverb goes no garden without its weeds.
People differ in their opinions on this matter.
Hold the idea that there is not the only way can improve safety on the roads.
The government should have a good publicity for the traffic law.
It lets people have a responsibility, change the driving offenders mind.
Therefore, there is no doubt that it.
As far as my concern, I firmly support the view that let people have responsibility for the safety on the roads.
That is the root to improve the traffic safety.
Warren Edward Buffett born on August 30, 1930 in Omaha, Nebraska, United States is an American investor, businessman, and philanthropist.
He is one of the world's most successful investors and the largest shareholder and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway.He was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world during the first half of 2008, with an estimated net worth of $50.0 billion.Often called the "Oracle of Omaha,"or "the Sage of Omaha",Buffett is noted for his adherence to the value investing philosophy and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth.
His 2006 annual salary was about $100,000, which is vanishingly small compared to senior executive remuneration in comparable companies.
When Buffett spent $9.7 million of Berkshire's funds on a private jet in 1989, he jokingly named it "The Indefensible" because of his past criticisms of such purchases by other CEOs.
He lives in the same house in the central Dundee neighborhood of Omaha that he bought in 1958 for $31,500, today valued at around $700,000.
Buffett also is a notable philanthropist.
In 2006, he announced a plan to give away his fortune to charity, with 83% of it going to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
In 2007, he was listed among Time's 100 Most Influential People in The World.
He also serves as a member of the board of trustees at Grinnell College.
In my opinion,money is a very crucial thing for our lifes nowadays.
correct choices he made.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff,because our company has won a large oexported order.People whose foreign is less poor .The courses will start at 2.00pm in the conference room.
And you will attend on time.
There is a point that a picture really tell a thousand words.
In my view, I don't think so.There are serveal reasons following.
First of all, the picture has a lot of limit than the words.
Pictures were montionless, which means that it can only explain a second, but not a motion.
So, the one of obvious disadvangtages is that pictures can not express all the details consisitently.On the contrary, whichever lauguages all over the world can satisfy people to express theirselfvs contently without any barriers.
Secondly, many people love more summarize imformations,but there are also some people were unqiue,they refuse to accept the second-hand imformations.Although pictures can express some thoughs more directly and help people to understand quickly and easily, it may not be exactly more than the news word.
Therefore, they rather to spend more time to figure out the turth, than to recive the ready-made imformations.
So, pictures lose it' day for it may not objectives all the times.
Last but not least, in the area of literature, the words can provide reader a large space to image.
Such as HARRY POTTER, there are lot of magical things that we even can' catch a sight of it, we can' t have a touch in our whole lifetime, but when we read the books, throught the words, we have feel the feeling of those unkown things.
That is a fantastic dream.
In the same time, we understand how deeply we love the world within our mind.
It' s really an amazing process that it never will be forgotten.
Different people may find different world in the same book, Words give reader more personal various emotion by every one' s creative eyes.
That is the enjoyment that picture can not achieve.
In conclusion,I myself that pictures may not as convenience as word to express.
In my eyes , Happiness is a person due to the realization of the ideal or near an inner satisfaction.
For example, now I'm free, I'm very happy .
My family are healthy body , I'm very happy .
I don't go hungry, eat every day.
I'm very happy.
Make you happy there will be a lot of things .
Each person is different .
But, when you are happy, don't forget those who are still in pain.
As long as everyone sacrificed a little love, the world will become warmer tomorrow.
in our class, most students eating healthy food.
But a lot of students don't eat healthy snacks or drinks.
However most students have some water every day but a lot of students take more than two drinks with sugar.
Our snack is not healthy.
Most students eating junk food but a lot of students have some fruits every day.
You should eat more vegetables and fruit.
Do you remember the saying" An apple a day keep the doctor away " We should also eat less meat every day.
I love fruits and vegetable, so I eat healthy food.
I am trying to eat a lot of vegetables and fruit.
Although I like junk food.
But I try to eat ti once a week.
I knowing it is bad for body.
And I never eating hamburger or cheese, although they are delicious.
Nowadays,students often make little of spelling,so their writing is full of spelling mistakes.
There are many reasons for this problem.First,students attitude was wrong,they think spelling is not important,so they pay more attention to listening and reading.But i think spelling is very important.Second,they always use an electronic dictionary,not back words and don't always writing,so full of spelling mistakes.
To solve this problem,we should first realize the importance of spelling,changing attitudes to improve spelling and eachers in the classroom should also be emphasized to the students.
With the rapid development of economy,various of new technology were invented by people.New technology takes many conveniences with us.
First of all,the cellphone is a kind of new technology.It is great convenient for us to keep in touch by the mobile phone.Then,we can gain much information by computer,and we can also relax by it.
Finally, the television is necessary for every family.People can watch moves and CCTV News on television.It let people to further understand our country.
