Their reasons run as following:on one hand,they think have a high salary job can help them do whatever they want.
On the other hand,high salary can bring them happy life.
As far as I'm cncerned,I will not hesitate to choose a promissing work.To begin with,I think a promissing job can bring the honor and challge to me.What's more,I think if I work hard ,it will offer me a lot of opportunities including high salary ,and so on.
To make a long story short ,I thnk the choice of promissing work better.
There is a general debate nowadays about whether we should divide arts and science during senior school.
Science is always more popular than arts in our traditional education,which cause the ignorance of our native culture.However, I still think that we should divide arts and science.
Firstly, dividing arts and science will undoubtedly increase the burden on students' learning.
The present education system has already made Chinese students feel hard.
If we don't divide arts and science, students will devote themselves in more subjects and study will become a more difficult thing for them, which is totally contrary to the recent advocation that school should lighten students' academic burden.
Secondly, different student has different tendency to the option of subjects.
They have their rights to choose what they want to learn.
Interest is the best teacher.
If we force students to learn all subjects beyond their willingness, we won't get an ideal result finally.
As it is said that a little of every thing is nothing in the main.,Therefore, I think it is better for students to divide arts and science.
By this way, they can put all their energy in what they like.
A best friend plays an indispensable role in everyone's life.
This person who no matter male or female, old or young, no matter poor or rich, beautiful or ugly.
There is a person must be your best friend.
It's difficult to answer.
From my point of view, I think the first and most important condition as a best friend is understanding.
The best friend will understand and support you when you made decisions.
He/she always stand your position to think about your decision and angry with you from bottom from the heart, instead of saying yes on the surface.
One the other hand, the best friend is the person who corrects your wrong, as the same time, he/she is conflicting, because is he afraid of becoming estranged between you.
But he want you to get better and better sincerely.
Another equally important aspect like some words we often hear: Share and share alike.
A best friend shares your happy and sorrows to make you experience double happiness and half of sorrow.
All in all, the best friend is such a person but more than this.
Last week.I eat much food.Sush as KTC and ice cream.Before I slept.I ate much cold food in the fright.At midnight.I felt my stomach hurt me.My family woke up,they sent me to the hospital.After seeing the doctor,he told me that I eaten too much food.Since then,I realized that I should not eat the rubbish food often.I should keep the healthy diet.Now my diet is regular,I won't take in much food before sleeping,my body is becoming healthy.Even when I see the rubbish food is tenptation,I take no hesitation to say no them.I am so proud of myself.
According to recent reporter,80 precent of students depend on cheating in exams.The problem of cheating in recent years are more and more serious.
In China,the college means more free time are given to the students.So many students prefer to spend time in playing all the time.In order to receive their college school diplomas,students must pass the term exams.So them would be a cheater to copy neighbor's test paper,search for the answer by mobile phone or let their 'ringer' to help them.
If the cheaters' grade higher than learners',the unfair problem will happen.The people who always cheat can not only lead them fail in looking for job,but also lose their credibility and integrity.
No cheating can set up a morality to help students more honest.No cheating can help students get more knowledge and stand a chance in job fair.No cheating can also make our world more reality instead of hypocritical.
How should we read?We want to what books to read?Reading is good for us?Everyone has his view.
Some people think we should reading selectively.They think:some books are unhealthy and is no help in the learing and life.Reading more books is not good for eyes and is a wasting times.Reading books has no experience,we must do practising.
Other people think reading many books is good for us.It can make me learing knowledge and can increase the study interesting.Reading can we get a good job.If you want to success,you must reading to get the knowledge.
All in all,everyone's opinion is not the same.In my opinion,more reading and read good books is good for us.
I think that group cooperative learning is one of the best way to study,because I am attracted to this way.
You can imagine that the students of class are divided into some groups,we can argue with each other in your own group.It is important that we will get ride of bondage of tradition in the classroom,we will feel very fresh.In my opinion,competition between group and the other group can encourage our team spirit,every students to participate,above all,we will gain a lot of knowledge,it is good for our spoken language exercise.
So I like this way.This is my opinion about advantage of group cooperative learning.
From our recent survey of students,we have found that accountting for 28%of students prefer to read humour while 25% of students prefer to read about travel,One tenth of students prefers to read the story of history .A small number of students read others,such as sports .The other is read by the fewest people which is accountting for 9% of students.As for remaining of 12%,students like reading science.
We want to get the students .For this reason,we suggest we should read books which are benefit to our study.wecan broaden our knowleage by reading books.We should read all kinds of books instead of limiting to read on one point.
Nowadays, everyone study hard in order to find a good job when they graduate, in their own mind, to be a leader is necessary and norm, because they think they deserve it and neglect a leader job whether suit them or not.
As far as I am concerned, to be a leader in every area is not always better in every field they experience.
Every coin has two sides, to be a leader we not only earn much money, but also we can bring our knowledge into the area, and do something useful in this position, but every person has his own strength and shortcoming, some people is a leader, but in fact, he does not suit a leader position, he has not taken command of knowledge of organization, he often feels tired and confused,and at last, he gets nothing, may be he is just good at something be a member of a team, but he is a leader, he can not do better in this positiion, he can not suit a leader position, he can not judge himself sincerely, he just follow his mind to be the top man and neglect other important things.
It is not important you are the leader or not, as for me, I think the important principle is learning is to use, we should judge ourselves instead of following ordinary people blindly.
From my heart, it is not always better to try their best to be a leader in every field they experience.
My favourite place at is the classroom.
lt is not only quiet,butalso bright and large.
l and my dass mates together read books draw.
pictcuse sometime classmates help me learn leven tell warm.
lt help megrow.
Driving to work is better than walking to work .One reason is that driving to my job is usually foster than walking .
Around reason is that you don't get wet when it rains and is more enjoyable than walking .
The most important reason is that driving is incomfortant .And it's cooler to dirve in hot weather .my office is one kilometer away from my house .The last reason is that work shoes are tess comfortable for walking .So you should drive to work .
You have said that you want me to recommend a good friend to you for enlarging your friendship circle.
Now I tell you that there is a good person that I met three years ago when I entered the junior school.His name is Peter.
Peter,who is 17 years old, is very handsome with 180-centimeter height.So he is always called 'the lady's man' by many people who like him.
But after the communication with him, I found that his heart and personal qualities are more beautiful than his appearance.
Peter is the kind person who always helps classmates to solve various problems involving many subjects.
Sometimes,he often says some facetious self-experiences during the rest time to relax the stressful atmosphere and let us laugh.
Basketball is his favorite sport and he is good at playing table tennis as well.In short, he's lots of fun to be with.
As far as I know, I can't think that he is a real mature boy any more.
He can keep in touch with anyone easily.
So I think you will get well with him if you become his friend.
For the time being, the online education is becoming more and more popular.
I believe that's have three reasons.Frist and foremost the Internet can provide a lot of information including news, text books and so on.
Secondly, the Internet is used widely in the world and so many people are like it .Last but not least,learning on the Internet is cheaper and convinet than in the school.
In a way,my pen bag is very simple which only has one bag with a zipper.It's argent.For one side ,a picture with a bear and a rabbit who are hand in hand is on it.For the other side ,a picture like an envelop also with the pattern on it attracts me when I bought it.At he top right corner,a stamp circumference with a rabbit's head on it.Inside the pen bag,there are many pens I need for the class,such as pen,,pencils,mark pens and so on.
As we know,there is no life in the world weather there is no water.Water is very important for life including trees,crops and people to live.
But recently the shortage of water resources has being drawing people's attention.
There are many reasons for water shortage .It is common sense that nearly three quarters of the earth's surfuce is covered with water,so someone called the earth water planet.But most of the water is sea water and undrinkable.
In addition,with the rapid development of society,the demand for water is increasing quickly.What's more,the waste of water is serious,the water pollution problem has become more serious.
Now,we should take some measures to protect our water sources tosatisfy the require for water and avoid the disaster of the world.For example,we can plant trees and grass to retain water,and we should reduce the water pollution from the factory.Besides,we can publicize the significance of protecting the earth.
It can be said that Churchill is a good leader and speaker.
In the speech, Churchill used the most simple language and most persistent will, revealing the most profound philosophy of life.
The core spirit of the speech is never give up and keeps fighting.In the first paragraph, Churchill use six parallel sentences begin with "I see".He described the harmony scene in Russian before invaded by Nazi and how crazy the German bombers and fighters destroyed the peaceful Russian.
The harmony scene and which in contrast, Nazi's inhumanity and ferocious.
The use of the six sentences expressed Nazi is totally immoral and people all over the world should accuse them of their crimes.
To make known his determination he said in the speech" we are resolved to destroy Hitler and every vestige of the Nazi regime.
From this nothing will turn us-nothing .We will never parley, we will never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang ".The use of "nothing, never"was perfectly in showing Churchill's firmly determination in fighting with Nazi.
Also in the sentence" We shall fight him by hand, we shall fight him by sea, we shall fight him in the air".
Churchill claimed we surely will overthrow Hitler no matter use what means and paid for what.
As we all know, in that period, Hitler was very strong and it is hard to strike him down.
However, Churchill did not fear and give up .
As a leader, Churchill has courage and boldness.
In the end of the speech, Churchill said the danger is our danger and let us strike with our united strength while life and power remain.
It shows that fighting with Hitler is the Responsibility of people all over the world who love peace.
Nowadays, more and more cars are pro-ducted, which is easy to cause traffic jam and traffic accidents.
I have some reasons for the traffic accidents.
The first one is mechanical failures: some car's tyres are Blad, which is easy to lead to faulty brakes.
The second one is Environmental Condition: In the car, everybody has blind corners, which is easy to hit someone.
Road accidents, as one of the important social problems, have always been paid a great concern.
Some streets have so many people and the driver have to drive slowly.
A little loss of attention to it would cause the accident.
The bad weather is also the important reason leaves some serious consequences.
Heavy fog, intermittent rain or snow can make the driver's visibility very low.
Another important reason is the errors of human judgement: Excessive speed, drunk driving and momentary lapses can also cause the accidents.
We should be careful when we are driving.
The first time l go into college,l was very exciting and curious.It is a total new environment for me:the campus is beautiful and enormous;classmates are from all over the China;professors are well-informed;and you can meet people from all kinds of walks.
As the circumstance change,the modes of instruction changed,too.For example,Teachers only show up on the class,so it is very hard to ask them question whenever you want.Homework become your own business,no one would care about whether you handed it or not.Going to the classroom or not all depends on you,which means if you want to study,you can go to any class you like,even it is not you major,if you want to indulge yourself,you can skip class as much as you like.Every student become more independent,everybody seems working on their own business.
To accommodate to all those change,l adjust my learning method .Instead of consult the teacher,l will discuss my confusion with my friend first,and then ask teachers for help.Whatsmore,I would try my best to restraint the laziness in my mind,so l spend most of my time at the library,thus l can finish my homework on time and study more.
College can both be a heaven or a hell for students,it is all depend on your attitude and actions.
Pale tea,which was famous for its color, was mainly originated from Fujian and Taiwan.
As one of the main kinds of tea,White tea appeared in Beisong most early.
It has not only a beautiful look as a needle but also tastes very good.
What's more, its effect will rise as you saved it longer.
It will be good for your health if you have a cup of it always because it can prevent disease such as high blood pressure as well as help you treat toothache or a fever.
There is old saying that all that glitter is no good.
The truth is deep and profound.
It's correct in many cases even today.
Everyone can make their best to contribution to society, not only great person.
That is to say, a mediocre people can also be performed well and become a useful person thought his or her great efforts.
Examples can be easily found to make a case for this proverb.
Let us take the taking a job for instance.
If you want to take a good job after graduation, you must study hard in the school and believe yourself you can do it.
Whatever you do, please remember the saying, all that glitter is no good.
If you understand it and apply it in your study or work, you will benefit a lot form it.
Nowadays, the ' No Cars Day' campaign is getting more and more popular.A total of 108 cities have participated in this campaign.The aim is to dissuade people from driving cars and to promote the public transportation in big cities.As we all know that the subway can go faster than cars when the traffic is busy.
Anyway,there are different ideas about whether cities should establish ' No Cars Day' .Some people suppose that 'No Cars Day' can benefit people a lot.It can remind people of the importance of protecting our environment.
But every thing has two sides.
A one-day government-led campaign can hardly generate enough long-term influence to change people's acts.
And it can not last many days.It can not influence the smaller cities very much.
As far as I am concerned,'No Cars Day' is a good idea.Public transportation can save our time and also it can produce less pollution.And we don't need to fear that we can not find a parking place.In my opinion,we can get more benefit from the 'No cars Day' campaign.It's protecting environment that is the most important idea.
In a word, try it out and we can see the change.We can benefit from it.Trust me!
It is obvious that human beings are closely related to the survival environment.
Water, a kind of resource provided by the environment is very important.
Without water, there can be no life on the earth.
Besides, the earth is our home and we have the duty to take care of it for ourselves and for our later generations.
However, population explosion is the root cause of the environmental problem since the more people on the globe, the more materials and resources quest to occur.
This phenomenon is especially evident in some Third-world countries suffering chronic poverty, which is proved by the fact that they focus on developing at the expense of environment, for instance, deforestation.
Our lives today are threatening by the dangers of natural resources such as fresh tater, oil and forests disappearance from earth.
What's even worse is the proliferation of non-degraded rubbish, as well as discharge of waste gas and water , render our globe not livable in the future .
As we can see from Chai Jing's lecture, we can easily draw a conclusion that the staging booming of economy is attended with severe pollution of our ecosystem.
Therefore, human beings are supposed to be more aware of the threats posed by the worsening environmental problems.
The rate at which the Earth is being damaged through human activity is alarming.
As awareness of this disturbing situation grows, actions are increasingly being taken to meet the challenge.
Initially, water and soil conservation, the reduction of exhaust gases and the preservation of depends more on policies of the government, like raising taxation.
Nevertheless, at many of the universities in Canada, there are student unions that doing works to raise awareness of the lifestyle change people can make to better help the environment.
These independent groups help put a face to a message and really push people to alter themselves for the benefit of the natural world.
They courage to get old things repaired and try to use them as long as possible and seldom buy things with excessive packaging, which has contributed greatly to the climbing amount of waste and garbage we produce every day.
In other words, we have turned into a materialistic and mass-consumption society.
In the fact of deteriorating environment, the economic progress some countries have achieved may lose its charm.
As my experiences show, the world's governments should not solely handle the issue for global environment damage.
It is hoped that the future sees more humans contribute to this cause in any way they can.
In many colleges and universities,if you ask someone to be a volunteer,the most probable answer may be'no','sorry',or things like this.
But why?The majority of students are lack of social practice,and they don't want to join one.They'd prefer to stay at home and watch movies.It's a kind of laziness,which is the same to everyone,which is a negative side in our mind,which is a damn thing we must overcome.
I went to Changsha station as a volunteer this afternoon,I stand,smiled,answered people's questions and helped them to buy tickets.It was tired,I admit,but it worth.Espesially I felt happy,and I am feeling happy now.Thus,I felt deeply that every college students should take part in some different social practice.
As a consequence,just go out the door!Widen your horizon,you can not only help others,but also do something to prove your value.And at that moment,you will find the world is fabulous!
At a glance of the above two pictures, you can find they are both depicting a man struggling in the water.
However, the different first-aid measure has been taken for them.
On the left picture, one life ring was thrown to help the man to float on the water.
Inversely, on the right picture, a book about how to swim was given to teach the man to swim.
The man should learn the swimming skill to survive by himself.
You can discover the topic is about the social welfare if you review the two pictures carefully.
Obversely, the man can survive because of life ring which is like the welfare supported, who should die if life ring has been removed.
In another way, the man can help himself because of swimming skill he learned from the book.
Comparing the two pictures, which illustrate that the welfare supported by the government cannot help the person to survive by himself because not any skill can be acquired from it, but eventually the person will rely on it .
Therefore, the traditional welfare system should be transformed.
In my opinion, it is much more essential to take practical measures than support benefits only.
Instead of supporting the welfare to the person who needed urgently, we should supply some study programs to young people, who can learn some new career skills to help themselves and create much more values for the society.
Now let me introduce myself.
My name is X,a freshman,I was a boy.
I like playing basketball,listening to music,playing online games.In addition,I like reading in the evening.At the same time, I love chatting with my grandmother.
In the summer vacation,I want to do some housework for my family.
Though my English is not very good.But l never lost my heart,I try my best to learn it.This is me.
As the Chinese student,there is a question bothered me for a long time.
In the past,I experienced the primary school,the middle school and the senior school.
During the time, I got everything from teachers, so I don't have the sense of consider a new question by myself.What's more, I only have the teacher's way to deal with the question.
If there is a new problem and the teacher didn't tell me how to deal with it, I will have nothing to do but wait for teacher's ethos.
In my view of learning style in China, the style is very bad.
It will strangle our creativity and make us grow up in the same way.
When we grow up in the future we will have no personality at all.If it continues, our country will develop very slow.
Besides, our country may be beaten by other countries in the future.
So I think our country's learning style should be changed as soon as possible.
For our children, our future and our own country, we should try our best to change the style.
If so, our country will develop faster and better.
In the university,the mostly students live in Collective dormitory.There is an increasing interest in the pros and cons of Dormitory life.
Many students live in dormitories in college.
There is a heated discussion about Family life and dormitory life.
Some people are in favor of the idea of dormitory life.Firstly,We can make good friends with roommates in the dormitory.Secondly,We help each other and enjoy ourselves.
But other people stand on a different ground.They think that we are prone to conflicts in the dormitory.Dormitories life more chaos than family life.
There is some truth in both arguments.But I think the advantages of dormitories life outweigh the disadvantages.Because if a dormitory can form a good atmosphere, then the dormitory students will abtain unexpected victory.Therefore,everybody has to work hard for their future.
There is a phenomenon that many college students are interested in taking part-time job.This phenomenon exists for a number of reasons.First,many bosses pay more attention to social experience.So more students take part-time job to gain experience.Second,the society and people in society are very complicated,so more students think that they need adapt theirseves to the society.Third,many students think that the college life should colorful,and part-time job is part of it.As a college student,I also did many part-time job.My main reasoning is the third.So I think we can take part-time job at proper time.
As you know, maybe sometimes we may meet some trouble.
For example, some information of us lost.
It maybe revealed because of carelessness.
So, it is important for us for protecting your information.
In my view, we not only need set up self-protection awareness but also set up password.
In the daily life, our information is very dangerous.
Maybe it's why you often received some message or phone from others.
So, there will a way to you that you protect your information, you can't reveal any information to other.
Besides, you need set up some "questions" or a"verification code".
There will be some advantages.
That the "code"is a secret which you knew.
Different times need different "code", and the "code"just conveys to your telephone.
It means if someone wants to know your information, he will know the"code"first.
As far as I'm concerned, we protect our information, doesn't readily believe anyone.
Only in this way, can we become safer.
Wasting is so popular in our society that many people regard it as a natural thing.But we have to live with it.
Underlying their views are ground that if you can not eat more food,you must throw it into the dustbin.Futhermore ,they argue that wasting represents their fortunes.
A deeper insight into the problem,however can find that our earth has a lot of rescourses ,but those rescourses are limited not unlimited.If allowed to run its course,it would cause dried up the rescourses.On the other hand wasting can pollute our environment.
It must be kept in mind that wasting in harmful with our next generations.Thus,no room is to be left for wasting in our society.
Nowdays,the phenomenon of online education has been brought into focus.Sush as many people study Engliah oline or go to Internet school.
There are many reasons for it.
First at all,the people who study online think that it is very convenient ,they can save a lot of time spend to waiting bus or go to school by foot.Second,in the past if you have something not know how to do it,will go to the local library to find the answer,which spend plently time.but now you just need click the mouse,then a lot of websits will appear in front of you.Moreover,there are more and more computer gives more oportunity to study online.
However,not all the materials on the Internet are correct,sometimes they are fals.Thus,when you want to learn something from the Internet ,you shuid make sure what you want learn is correct.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall,but they are different from each other.
First,Wang Lingling has longer hair than Liu Lili.
But they have the same straight black hair.
Second,they have different hobbies.
Wang Lingling likes reading very much that she goes to the library every weekend.
So,she writes well.
Liu Linlin loves sports a lot that she does sports everyday for at least two hours.
So,she looks very strong and healthy.
Third,Wang Lingling is more serious than Liu Lili.
She never laughs to every one, and she never had jokes to others.
But,Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling.
She always speaks funny stories to others.
But,they also have a lot in common.
Because they both are friendly to others and outgoing, they get popular in class.
On studying,Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili.
But,Liu Lili is smarter than Wang Lingling.
They both have a good grade.
We are pleased to tell you that shipment of the goods under S/C NoJ-29 has been made on board s.s. PEARL,and we will make a partial shipment by s.s.
FLOWER OF MAY in Hongkong.
This agreement is about cost plus freight to come to make a deal .
We have emailed you the fax in 3th 15,2013 for your promply insure.
Please be ready to pick up the goods.
The college is place to love.There is too much constraint.Can know a lot of new students.The college is very big.It is a small society.In the college study is not to score.Just to work I had the time I want to go to the library and participate in community activities.Improve their own amateur life.
Nowdays,online shopping has become a fashion.More and more people begin to like shopping online.
Oline shopping also has some advantages.For example,It can save time and energy,people can spend less time choose their need thing and choose widely.But It has disadvantages.Maybe you will in trouble if the things you have bought are ansuit and quality is also not believe all.
In my point,clothes and some necessary commodities don't buy on the net, because mail these need to spend time.Change and retreat is more trouble.If you want to buy books and somthing unimportant,you can buy it on the net.After all, the internet is imaginary.
Small when I have a dream, that is admitted to a university, after many years, I realized my dream.
I became a college student.
Maybe I'm not the university I had to get one, but TianZhiShiDa still make me proud.
As the saying goes, the mentality decision attitude, attitude decides to start.
I now come to the TianZhiShiDa, I have started my university life.
Just came to the University, every day is very busy, isn't every day I imagined only two or three classes can not play, after class will have a variety of activities, all in all very busy.
The school canteen I think the food is still relatively good, but that is a little expensive.
My classmates are very kind and friendly and we often play together.
Finally, I hope that the university can be enriched to have meaning, I will cherish the time, not to waste every minute.
It is a pleasure that you'll be one of us as an exchange student.We will spend the next school term together and we can become good friends.
Tianjin is an attractive city with fascinating scenes.It can be hot and humid in summer while quite freezing in winter.So,it's a good choice to take more clothes with you.When it comes to the traditional Tianjin food,I'm fully convinced that you'll be fond of it.
What's more,our class is a warm family.We have strong appetites for knowledge and are ready to give others a helping hand as well.I hope you could introduce yourself,your school life and the American culture to us,so that we can make your acquaintance.We are looking to forward to studying with you.
Everyone has his own ideal.
High school students want to be admitted by famous university.
A businessman wishes to make more profits.
A doctor tries to save more people's lives.
And everyone struggles to fulfill his ideal with great efforts.
We have to realize that one should know clearly what his ideal is and then set goals, which can help us to plan and work hard for its realization.
Persistence, patience,skills and efforts are essential for us to fulfill our ideal.
For example, Nelson Mandela, the first black president of South Africa, pursued justice and ideal from his young age and he strove to ask for real justice for all of citizens of South Africa.
When he studied in university, he called on students many times to resist the White rules of school.
He had an indomitable fight for several decades with the Apartheid Policy.
Finally, he won the support and respect of the people of the world and became a symbol of the age.
Because of his persistence, patience and great effort, he made it to abolish the Apartheid policy.
Different people have different ideals.
My ideal is to be an English teacher.
It is believed that teacher is a job that is full of significance.
As a teacher, one can get along with active and lovely students and impart knowledge to them.
To achieve my ideal, firstly, I have to work hard to acquire professional knowledge of English and improve my level through passing the TEM-8 test and become a honor graduate.
Secondly, teacher certificate is necessary.
In my spare time, I have to study the content that a teacher must master and prepare for my teacher certification.
Finally, as experience is the best teacher, I will seek an opportunity of teaching in school or in some English Education Institution every summer vacation.
so when we decide to fulfill our ideals, we'd better make a plan and keep dong with persistence.
In faith,I only read few books.But I still impressive about Robinson Crusoe.Protagonist's courage,wisdom and adamancy all let me admire.
When I seriously turned over the last page and finished reading this story which has zigzag and ups and downs plot.I thought I really shock by it.Protagonist Robinson enjoys sailing as a child,once he left home for three times to travel across South America.One day,he said goodbye to his family and carried forward lofty ideal which he traveled around four seas to sail.When crossing Atlantic and Pacific ocean,they experienced much danger.Later the whole ship unluckily sank at Pacific Ocean.He is the only live man who survived the shipwreck.And he went to an uninhabited island alone.He reclaimed wasteland,raised domestic animals and produced rise and wheat.It's like this that he lived with loneliness year after year.Later he rescued a native called "Friday".He battled of wits with the wild animals and battled of courage with the savages.He got over all kinds of difficulties that people could'nt imagine,and created a survival home for himself with laborious both hands.He went home in the 28th year.
Once someone said,'as a person we should learn how to survive firstly'.Robinson didn't make any great things and lived like us.But these trivial details are the process of which he confronted with dilemma for example,the darkness,the hunger,the fear and the loneliness.
Nowadays our life is so rich and colorful,whether we cherished it,and even people went to suicide,what a foolish behavior it is!There are thousands of difficulties in life, but it also coexists many wonderful things and happiness.We should excavate and experience it,then we will get more.I believe in my life,although it's very common.I love life and I will use my clumsy pen to draw the more beautiful life.
As the winter vacation is drawing near, I have a plan about my vacation.
I'm a college student.
I love English but it's hard for me.
Now I have a good plan to learn English.
First, in the morning, I will read English texts to improve my spoken English.
I can't read English passages quickly.So I plan to read more ang practice.Secondly, I have a pronunciation problem, I can't pronounce so well.
So I plan to listen to the tape and read after it.
Then, as for listening, sometimes I can't understand what others are saying.
So I plan to improve myself by listening to the radio and TV.Finally, Grammar is the most difficult for me.
I have no idea of it, but I think my English teacher and friends can help me with it.
And I need to study the grammar by talking with other people.
From now on, study hard.
It's not so late that everything can't be changed yet.
Everything is possible only if you try your best to do it.
Beliveve yourselves.
All in all, with this English study plan.
I'm hoping for great progress.Come on!
As we know, in the modern day people are preferring sitting to moving,no matter what you do .
A study done by The North American Association for the Study of Obesity showed that there is,in fact, correlation between the activity of a person and the presence or absence of certain health problems.one people who are always staying on the armchair long time will suffer all kinds of diseases.For instance ,hypertension,hypercholesterolemia and so on.
First ,they can go for a jog,walk instead of driving,or partake a healthy club.or join an athletic squad .Second, doing half hours exercise can avoid disease everyday.
It is essential to be a good lifestyle.
Fast track was proposed for stimulating the economy and helping achieve a balanced trade of the U.S., however, the outcome turns out to be disappointment.
The deteriorate trade figure, increased unemployment rate and the universality of its bad effects (manufacturing sector is the hardest hit part) in the year of 1994 to 2000 suggest that a fast track is what the nations does not need.
Factors leads to these results are: first, the movement of foreign direct investment by the U.S. to Mexico and Canada; second, the sustained and substantial appreciation of the U.S. dollar; third, the creation of the WTO.
Although the real costs of NAFTA and the WTO were greatly underestimated, further trade liberalization should not be stopped.
In order to create a system of both freer and fair trade, there is a long way to go.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.It is pretty beneficial for everyone to take an active part in them.
Having been a member of the after-school activities club for a long time,I made lots of progress.And the reason why I join in the activities is that I can not only relax myself but also make more friends.
Besides,taking part in sports activitie makes me more healthy and full of energy as well.
Furthermore,it is the English movies that i watched to improve my Engilsh skills.I learned alot from them.
In my opinion,to choose which activitie you will join in,you shuold think carefully.i would like to suggest you that you can join the activity that is benefical for you as well as which really intersets you.
Last month, my grandmother was ill in hospital.
The doctor said her feet can't walk for the time being.
Must be someone to look after her.
Her daughters said that they take care of her.
They decided to take care of her in return.
Next day, my mother sent food to the hospital after work in the afternoon.
After she went to hospital and got back to work.
After dinner, she sent food to the hospital again.
I think she was very busy and tired.
I think i must take care of my mother when i grow up.
I love my mother, you're great.
Today an increasingly number of people believe that wealth is more important than wealth.Nevertheless,I think health is necessary to us.As far as I am concerned,health is crucial.
Health is important to us.Because of good body,you can enjoy you life and study.It is the basis of life.I also think health is the base of wealth.If you are not healthy,you would not have the chance enjoy you wealth.So,let us exercise for health.
In a word health can produce the wealth.
I attend an electronic products fair in New York, which lasted for a week.And I am now writing to give you some information about the fair.
In the fair, our company set up three booths, our products were extremely popular with the customers,and we have signed sales contract with five US companies.
I believe our products will sell well in the American market.
Because our products are briginal and lower price,there are many customers pay attention to our products,and so many customers hoped that we could provide good after-sale service.
If you want to know more information about electronic products fair, please send e-mail to me.
College is a full of culture atmosphere place.College is linked with our civilization.College also have wonderful dream and step .
Secondly,I am thirsty in college life .In my heart ,college should is a free show stage .You can improve yourself.You may do some you are interested in and expand your sight and improve your ability .
Else ,we are also sure to look many interesting books and improve our knowledge level .We can also meet with many friends and develop friendship.
We can join some communities and so on .
In other words ,college is a fantastic place .In order to come true our dream .We are not bound to give up .
I am believed that I will succeed .
Recalling the past two years of my college life, a series of thoughts are flooding in my mind.
Now when I stand before a mirror, I find the girl in it is just a familiar stranger - totally different from what I am in high school.
I appreciate it very much that college has affected and changed my life in many aspects.
Firstly, college teaches me how to arrange my time properly and effectively.
Different from high school, I have much free time in college.
At the very beginning of my first semester I felt I had plenty time but had nothing to do.
Soon after that, I realized that I had to change my old way of study and learn to arrange my time by myself.
After finishing my homework, I spend my free time reading books in library to enrich myself, visiting places of interest in Beijing to get entertainment, joining different student unions to meet different people and learn more.
Arranging my time properly and having a clear schedule makes my college life colorful and meaningful.
Secondly, college teaches me how to learn by myself.
As a junior student, I only have about 25 classes every week.
Though classes become less, tasks are still arduous - if I want to do well in my study, I have to learn by myself after class.
Next week, I will give a presentation about American Contemporary Art in intensive reading class, so I spend lots of time in library reading relevant books.
By reading and learning by myself, I have learned plenty of knowledge about contemporary art and found Hunt Slonem is such an amazing artist.
All these things are learned by myself, and if this persists, I will learned more by myself.
Thirdly, college teaches me how to take care of myself and be more independent.
College life changes my old habits-turning to my parents for help whatever happened.
After entering college, I come to the full realization that only I myself can help me.
Separating with my parents forces me to learn to be independent and mature.
I remember clearly my first time to unpick and wash my quilt cover.
It was such a tough work for me because I never did it before.
I searched my memory and imitated how my mum washed and dried it.
Ignored the washing powder I wasted, I did a good job.
All in all, college has affected and changed my life in many aspects, it not only teaches me how to arrange my time properly and study by myself, but also makes me more independent and mature.
I'm sure that two years later when I leave CYU, I will become a useful talented person to the whole society.
Nowadays, there are numerous business units interview staffs who have the abundant social experience.
However, a great deal of college students are lack of social practice.
Most people think college students should take part in social practice.
In my opinion, when college students are good at their main responsibility, they can take part in social practice appropriately.
It is greatly important for college students to have luxuriant experience.
First, students can experience the life before they go out the campus, and understand the parent's hard.
Second, they will meet varieties of people, and learn about the different work so that enrich the life experience.
Meanwhile, it also can prepare the foundation for future to find a job.
In sum up, college students should participate in social practice reasonable before they do well in their primary duty.
In my opinion, parents are right.
First of all, parents have more experience.
So their idea is more reasonable and logical.
Parents are the closest person to us.
be a audient is propitious to us.
Although parents are not willing hurt their children.
However this is can not avoid.
As a son or daughter.
We must have subjective idea.
In everyone's life, this is very important.
To make a long story short.
We should liten attentively parents' advise.
In this premise, we need some ourselves idea.
I never think to comply with the head of family household is a bad thing.
They are the first teacher in you life.
They bend their body and exhaust their energy.
Their fond dream is make you ripe.
Consequently, we should cherish a piece of indebted heart parents are admirable person.
In most cases, parents are right.
When you have a new idea.
You might as well kick something around with your parents.
This is very helpful.
And try to do this can help you avoiding a lots of matters.
Parents are the best partner for us.
Exchanging with your parents is a good way to grow to mativity..
As we know,frustration is one of the part in life,it is important and must for people.It can make you strong-minded and become more brave,more than,it can make a ordinary person become smart.
But nowadays,more and more students in college can not deal with frustration.For example,in a competition,some students can not face failure.So,they unhappy everyday,even to the extent that,they fear to attention other compettions.Why this is happening?Because they aways get parent's spoil he or she is god on family,they couldn't do anything ever.After another,they doesn't believe that they will win ,they lost confidence.
So,I think perents should let children learn the independence,the students should learn to saving probleam oneself and believe in youself.When you happen frustration ,don'tfear,don't shrink back,you should believe yourself and brave,at last,defeat it,you will become winor.
Nowadays people pay more and more attention to their own health in daily life.
As students, we should know more about how to keep fit.
First of all, try to eat less food rich in fat and sugar,because those will make us become fat.
Then, eat more vegetables and fruits what conduce to vitamin supplements.
To Have a healthy, balanced diet.
Sports can strengthen physique, so do lots of exercise every day is good for us.
For example, running, play basketball, or play tennis.
In the last may not be the worst, it's important to keep a healthy balanced diet and to have a good mood.
If we can do say every point, then we will be in a good health.
As far as I am concerned, there is no doubt that will be in favor of the latter, and the main reason is due to the long term planning and consideration of the future.
High income work although temporary income is considerable to the future also need to consider.
As for the current social employment, has the development of future work is very important to have brighter prospects.
Most people understand this, however, still choose high income work.
Even if you are not interested in or a bleak future.
Take north bleaching gens, this group most dreams struggle, but the ideal and the reality gap, living pressure, they preferred high income, in order to better meet the need to survive.
Synthesis of the difference of pressure and a variety of external factors, we can do is to be a long term career planning.
planned to make a career choice, in the face of stress , coping with, for a bright future.
Finally, the key is we should clearly recognize that in this rapidly changing era, promising work better change according to the social needs.
And adjust the groundwork for self, let employees any time in a good state of vocation adjustment, a bright future.
Because of the implement of the family planning policy, many family only have one child instead of two or three even more children.
Meanwhile, the argument about whether it would be better for having one child has never stopped.
For one thing, only one child in a family can reduce the parents' pressure of the life.
At the same time,the child can get more consideration from parents and better material needs as parents don't separate their love.
For another thing, the single-child may feel lonely when parents work outside for a whole day.
As time going by, they may be perplexed about how can they get along well with others.
In addition, they might be careless about what others think about.
Speaking strictly for me, it would be better for a family to have two or three children, because they can know how to concern for others.
The ideas about the majority rule are basically based on the democratic view supported by most of the citizens.
It can not be denied the majorities' judgment based on their ample experience is more reliable, but in particulars , the minorities' are not supposed to be ignored.
Their point of view differed from the major which ensure the decision-making process to be more well-thought,and also, true democracy could be guaranteed since no view are being ignored.
Thus, the opinion of the majority is a poor guide to decide what to do.
In 2002, the Internet communication corporation Twitter was risking shut since they had experience a retrenchment and none of the board of dictators could give money to solve this problem.
They majority were more willing to sell the company to Google, while the chairman strongly against this opinion.
He emphasis the point that Twitter was able to go through is hard period of time and will thrive after that since it has its own advantages in the developing Internet Industry.
He put the market analysis to prove to the broad of the dictators to confirm the point of view.
But the board of dictators chose to ignore him instead of accepting, decided to sold the company in the end.
Things happened after that proved the chair's excellent insight--after bought Twitter, Google also suffered a long-term deficit, but when entering the Internet time, things have been changed tremendously.
The Twitter became a hit and a fashionable lifestyle among the public due to it's merits in on-time Internet communication.
In this case , the board of dictators serves as a poor guide in the decision-making process.
Moreover, the 'Majority Rule' has already had countless negative impacts on the controlversial issues in the past.
Things like homosexuals, the existence of god , earth-sun relationship in the cosmology were all the examples of it.
The religion had paramount power in the past strongly leaded citizen's ways of thinking.
Since gay and lesbian are described as signs of evil, the Christians, the majority of the western world, strongly restricted these groups of people.
For the earth-sun relationship discussion in the past is the same story.
According to the Bible, the sun was described centered around the earth.
But some scientists like Galilo discovered the truth opposed this theory.
But the truth has been covered for years since it was overwhelmed by the majority.
For the existence of god, researches about it was forbidden by the government, because it questioned the authority of the religion,the majority.
I'm glad to know that you're going to our school.
I'd like to give you a brief introduction to it.
No 14 Middle School of T County the beautiful school in our city, the school situate west of the NanBai, with the XiangShan on the west and situate the MingZhu reservoir on the east.
No 4 Middle School of Zunyi County was a beautiful school.
The school has a comprehensive office building and a teaching building.
The school was set up with 1986.
The school was distance the county center 800 meters.
The school has a small lake and many mountains.
I hope you like the No 4 Middle School of Zunyi County.
My favorite place at school is the reading room because it is very big and bright.
There are also a lot of useful books.
Newspapers and magazines there.
L like reading books and magazines there because they not only provide my with much knowledge.
but also help my learn a lot about what is hapening around the world.
Sometimer l ever feel l can hare a take with the people in the books.
L can also relax myself in the reading room.
When l feel tired and unhappy, the reading room is the best place to go to.
Reading help me forget all my troubles.
In a word.
reading room is the place l like bost.
There is no denying that many young people still regard that obtaining a college degree is a guarantee for a steady income and a happy life.
But recently the rocketing tuition and fees are becoming the primary barriers for tens of millions of students to live out their dreams.
Coping with the problem of tuition and fees need the coalition effort from schools, students and governments.
Generally speaking, the following measures have proved to be effective.
As for the students, firstly, they can ask for the financial support from their parents or relatives.
It is a common practice most of the students will follow since more and more families are being well-off with the development of economy in China and Chinese parents are usually generous for paying the bills for their children's education.
Secondly, for those students whose family cannot afford this sum of expenditure, they can apply for a loan from the bank.
The borrowed money, though they must be paid back with extra interest in the future, ensures that all these needy ones will not miss the opportunity because of the lack of money.
As for the school and the government, the school should set up scholarships create some part time job opportunities at compus for those in financial need.
The government should allocate special funds to the students in under developed areas.
Ony with the combined endeavor can students not be daunted by the soaring tuition and fees.
As far as I am concerned, I will rely on my parents for the majority of the tuition and fees.
But I will try my best to obtain the scholarship and do part time jobs to make up the daily expenditure at the college.
An idea to change things.As university students,our life in university have a new interesting.Like live in university,I like my room.At university I make new friends.I define the college life will become wonderful.But we have some problems.
First of all,if we want to study together,there will always be people who will be late because of personal factors.And then,Our campus obtains beautiful environment and positive to learning,but we cannot keep the indoor environmental of sanitation.The last point,we seldom go to the library.So,we will make roommate because items to find their own things.
At least,we have a very deep friendship.A harmonious dormitory life importance is to establish a profound friendship can let a person fell fortunately.So,to create a great room will let our university life more beautiful.
I believe that in the university dorm life is beautiful.
When exams are coming,a lot of student feel dizzy as a result of psychological burden.Not only do they feel feeble but also have a loss of appetite,because of the lack of sleep.
I'm giving students who have these bad symtoms some advice to relieve them stress.
First of all,you should make a list of review progress.Second,don't stay up late before exams,cause you are in need of enough energy.Third,it's important to you to sleep well.A cup of milk and taking a shower before you sleep will also do good to your sleep.Last but not least,you should hold a optimistic attitude towards exam.
Wish every one get a great grade they want.
I want to say something about the topic of ban firecrackers.
I agree to ban firecrackers.
I think set off firecrackers will cause bad effects.
Not only can it make our environment bad, but it also makes people sleep badly.
However, different people have different ideas on firecrackers.
They hold to set off firecrackers.
They believe they will drive free during the Spring Festival and bring luck.
Some people think setting off firecrackers can show people's happiness, their feelings and the festive mood.
And people can enjoy the beautiful scenery of firework.
But I have some different points.
First, I think set off firecrackers is not right in the society nowadays.
It will cause many problems.
I remembered that I was difficult to fall asleep when est off firecrackers.
It made me feel uncomfortable.
Also, I think some old people would also have this feeling.
But, setting off firecrackers will bother them.
Second, although setting off firecrackers make people happy, it brings much pollution.
And the environment is worse than before.
When we set off firecrackers, the road is paved with rubbish.
So it adds a lot of difficulties for the dustman.
Third, the most important reason of ban firecrackers is it is bad for our health.
When we spend the time of Spring Festival, the number of people is harmed by firecrackers will increase quickly.
SO I think setting off firecrackers is very dangerous.
Then, I agree to ban firecrackers.
I agree it is our traditional custom to celebrate an important occasion by letting off firecrackers.
We can celebrate an important occasion without causing accidents.
And we can celebrate our holiday by other ways instead of setting off firework.
In general, for me, I believe firecrackers should be banned.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
Body language is important in many cases.There are a lot of good things about body language.
Some ideas go through my head when it comes to body language.No doubt that body language seems significant and necessary in many cases.Like giving a speech in public,showing you great appreaction at the family party.Some simple body language will make you much easier to be understood.
In my opinion,there is no simple answer to the question of why body language is important.But we can deeply feel it in some common situations.Body language can shorten the distance between you and your audiences and help you set up confidence.Let's take my firend may as an example.Last month she took part in the English speech contest.It's her first time to give a speech in public.Together being asked several questions by the foreign teachers.To my surprise,she behaved like a professional speaker.Whenever she referred a complicated word of expression,she explained that with a speacial gesture.For example,when she meationed "someone with both feet on the ground".She stamped her feet with hands pointing at.Meanwhile,she kept smiling during the speech.
Everyone there felt so comfortable.However she told me it was her own way to hide the tense.
In some other special situations,body language is more powerful and appropriate.When you want to leave a moment during an important meeting.The best choice is to stare at the speaker and give him a nod rather than the expression.
As far as I am concerned, body language is very important in many cases.
So I think we should learn to use our body language better.
Nowadays, more and more college students use their spare time to find a part-time job in college.
and they also find a part-time job in their holiday, It shows that many college students will becomes dependence and mature, Of course, maybe some people agree it, some people disagree it.
For me, I'm a college student, too.
I think find a part-time job can improve our ability, accumulate work experience, enlarge our relation circle, open our eyes, and learn to dependence.
at the same time, it can let us know that earn money is not easy, and it can reduce our parents' pressure.
In a word, I think the college not only need grade but also need personal ability.
what's more, the personal ability is very important for college students now.
Madam C. J. Walker, who was a wise woman once made a big success in business.
She was so worried that she tried many medicines but all of them didn't work.
Madam Walker was lying in bed when she thought about her hair.
She suddenly remembered that her uncle showed her some special plants which could be used for medicine.
So she began to try them instead of medicines.
She tried and tried and made it at the end.
She happily found that her hair grew faster as she used the plants for medicine.
An idea soon came into her mind.
She made the plants into products and sold them in a low price.
The products which were so good that many women liked to use them.
However, in a special way, Madam C. J. Walker was successful because of her intelligence.
Long-long ago, there was a black woman named C. J. Walker.
The first thing she did every morning was to stand in front of the mirror and combed her hair.
When she saw the losing hairs which fell from her head, she turned pale at once.
Day after day, she had already tried many medicines, nothing happened but she became lack of confidence.
All day long, she suffered from the thought of her hair.
Fortunately, someone showed her some plants which could help her in her dream.
Next morning, she tried the plants with expectation then her hair grew faster.
However, this had not over yet and she sold her product to person who was troubled by hair.
which gives me benefits on both study and life.
The proverb means :the more diligent wo give ,the more gains wo will have.
For example, my junior high school classmate which was not good at study,he liked playing computer,but in someday he suddenly knows that study is more essential than playing computer .So from that time,he forced himself to study for junior high school graduation test and didn't playing computer from that time,he spent more and more time on study.In thus,he got a very good score at last.
He put more diligent on study,so he gain the success.
Unconsciously, I have been here for 3 years in my college school.
Not only I have acquired much knowledge beyond I thought I could, but also have I learned so many things, such as independence, self-learnig, and preparation.
Independence was the first thing that I learned after I stepped into college.
From then on, I realized that I am not a child who always hung around parents' neck around the clock.
I started to manage my expenditure that my mother sends it to me, so that I could live through the whole month.
In addition, self-learning is another significant thing I learned.
For instance, I have limited classes in a week, so I couldn't count on teachers to impart me enough knowledge about TEM4.
So I realized that I should rely on myself, not just instructors.
And I should find the proper way which was conducive to my study best.
Because how to study is the most important for students, or I can't pass any exam no matter how much time I have used on learning.
In a trice, I am a junior.
Looking at those seniors are hunting for a satisfactory job anxiously, I convinced that I should save for a rainy day.
I need do some preparations for my future.
If I do enough preparation for my future or say job, I won't search for a job aimlessly after my graduation.
From what has been talked above, college has affected my life a lot.
In conclusion, I am not a child nestling in the bosom of my parents, and I need spread my wings for light to work out my own future.
Nowadays online shopping has been a kind of interesting faction.We often go shopping on-line in exchanged of running around to buy what we want to .
In fact,we know,shopping online can take many benefits to us.For many of us,it maybe a good choice as it is more cheap and easy to purchase.Releasing more shopping time we can do more essential or useful things.At the same time,online shopping supplies more kinds of styles to us.
However,it also buys some problems to us.We must be in caution of threading and our information's losing.Sometimes we maybe chitin by businessmen even.So in our saftey we must be cation!Or it will be a danger.
In my point of view,we should shopping online from a correct way.When we shopping online we must take attention to fine things.Sometimes it is a key for us to protect our personal information and safety.Many important personal informations should be kept by a right way.Come to conclusion we can use online shopping to help us live more comfortable as well as choosing a smart way.
The 19 century was the time that saw we called: realism developed in European theater.
To understand this though, we should look the early form drama known as well-made play, which basically pattern for constructing plays.
Plays that began in some early 19 century's comedies in France proved very successful commercially.
The dramatic device used here weren't anything new, they have been around centuries.
But formula for a well-made play required several elements should be included under a particular order, and most importantly, everything in the plays be logically connected, in fact, some play writer begin to start writing the end of play and word "backward" towards beginning, to make sure each event be logical to what had gone before.
Well, the first is logical explosion, explosion is whatever background information you have to reveal to audiences, so understand what is going on.
Before this time, explosions might come from actors simply giving speeches.
Someone might walks out on the stage and say:" in fair we are now, we are laying and seeing(pronunciation similar)", and tells about the feuding families about Romeo and Juliet, but for the well-made plays, even the explosion have to be logical, believable, you might have two servants gossiping as they are cleaning the house, and one said," what's a shame the master's son is still not married", and the other mentioned a rumor that a mysterious gentle man just moving in the town with a beautiful daughter.
This comments are part of play's logical explosions.
The next key element for a well-made play is referred to inciting incident.
After we have the background information, we need some key movement to get thing moving, which makes the audience interested in what happened to the characters they just heard about.
So, for example, after the two servants revealed all the background information, we need a young man, just firstly eyes on a beautiful young woman, and immediately fells into love, this is the inciting incident.
It sets off the plot of the play.
Now the plot of well-made plays were usually driven by secrets, since the audience knows, the character usually don't know.
So, for example, audiences learn through a letter or someone other's conversation, what a gentle man is and why he left two town many years before, and the young man didn't know, and young woman didn't know the ancient connection between her family and his.
And before the secrets revealed to main characters, and plot of plays was proceeded by the series of sort of up and down movement.
For example, the woman first appear not even notice the young man, and see him like the end of world, but she learned that she actually want to meet him too, so life is wonderful, she maybe try to talk with maybe her father get furious, for no apparent reason.
So they can't see each other.
But just the young man have almost lost all hope, he finds out, well, you get the idea.
The revisal fortunate continue, increasing audience tension and excitement, making they wonder everything going to come out ok or not.
Next coming element known as the obligatory scene.
it is a scene, a moment, in which all of the secrets were revealed.
In general, thing turned out well to the hero and the character we care about.
A happy ending in some sort.
It become so popular the play writer almost have to include this in every play.
Which is why we call obligatory scene.
that was followed by finally dramatic element---the denouement or resolution, as the all lucent have to be tied up in a logical way.
Remember, the obligatory scene offers audience emotion pleasure, the denouement offers audience logical conclusion.
They such a subtle distinction we should try very hard to keep in mind.
So, as what I said, the well-made play, this form of play writing, become the basis for realism drama and for lots of popular in the 19 century.
And also we find in later plays and even the movies we watch today.
Ted Kaczynski, a graduate from Harvard and a professor assistant of Berkeley, is the Unabomber whose target is university and aviation.
Scores of innocent people became victims of his terrorism such as Professor Buckley Crist of Northwestern University, Thomas Mosser, an advertising executive and American Airlines fight 444 in two decades which is from 1978 to 1996 within 16 months that he kept silence.
Not only did he send bombs to those innocent people and bring the nation into panic.
He also threatened The New York Times to publish his 35,000-word manifesto which depicts his idea about Industrial Revolution, or he would build more bombs.
In the manifesto, he explained that Industrial Revolution is catastrophe because of the use of technology.
In order to get more clues about the Unabomber from citizens,The New York Times and The Washington Post published his manifesto after get permission of Attorney General Reno and FBI Chief Freeh.
As soon as the manifesto was published, all Americans expected they can find some clue to obtain the one million dollar reward.
Finally, David Kaczynski identified his old brother, Ted Kaczynski's handwriting and philosophy of life among the words and between the lines.
Undergone the fierce internal struggle, David had compromised and reported his brother to FBI.
Six month later, FBI arrested Ted in a cabin where was full of evidence in a remote place eventually.
During the final sentencing, despite Ted Kaczynski insistence that prosecutors had misinterpreted his motives and intentions, his victims declared that his brutality should get death sentence to contain their pain.
At last, he received consecutive sentences instead of death penalty by making an agreement with the prosecutor.
A part-time job leaves some serious consequences especially it will affect your study.
For one thing, a part-time job needs you to spend a lot of time.
After class may be you should go to catch the bus in a hurry and arrive the place continue your work constantly, when you back home you may be in a mass because of the busy work, so you can't focus on your homework.
For another, after the part-time job, you will have no energy to pay attention to your study.
You will go to class with an exhausted body everyday, so you can't listen to your teacher carefully, you mayn't gain some important knowledge during the class.
Another important reason is that after you earn some money you will be addicted to shopping.
Maybe you will wonder what you want to by in the class, and you can't settle yourself down to do your homework.
A part-time job will affect a lot of things in our lives, so you should consider carefully if you want to take a part-time job.
Dear publisher, my name is W. I heard you will make a discussion about" Should middle school students take telephones to school".
So I want to tell you some opinion in my view.
I think sometimes it is good for students to bring their mobile phones to school.
Because it can't only study in touch with our parents and friends, but also add much fun to our lives.
We can use the telephones to take photos when we see good views.
So it's very convenient.
But it also has some problems.
For example, when we use telephones in class, not only obstruct the teaching jobs, but also influence other students.
When we use it to chat or to send messages, it's a fast way to waste time and money, so we shouldn't use it all the time.
If we use it to play games or cheating, it would make a big harm for you.
So, I will give you some suggestions.
Don't use it in class.
We shouldn't use it to play games or cheating, we should use it to do something meaningful.
Telephone is valuable, so we should keep properly.
That's all I want to tell you.
I hope you can adopt it.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman who pays the false money.
The woman is looking back with a smile.
This picture shows us a phenomenon that our citizen has no awareness of honesty, which is a terrible thing to our future.
On the one hand, the butcher stands for the merchant who is desperate for profit without professional policy.
On the other hand, the woman gave up personal rules to get the profit.
Those kinds of people have already caused a big problem to the social bonding.
Money to someone, is the point of obsession in my opinion.
If more strength is put on punishment, those people will not do this anymore.
Education is also necessary for us.
Maybe slow down the steps to money is another effective way to solve the problem.
Nowadays, there are more and more college students going to exams without adequate preparation.
Even more, some of them play games, but not read the books the night before exams.
I believe there are three main reasons.
To begin with, college students did not pay much attention to the exams.
Between the exams and games, they chose the later.
In addition, there is a concept spreading in the college students, "pass is great".
It is believed that they got the idea of the ideal result of exam which is 60's ot just pass it.
Last but not least, their teachers or parents without the guide to them on how to face college exams.
Everyong knows that college is not the same as high school, you are freeing on study anything, and the elders will not put you to study too.
In my opinion, to change the situation needs they change their mind.
Also, we can use the prize, give the prize to someone who gets the best score.
Everyone knows that customers are god.
However, with the development of the market, a great many problems occur.
For instance, for the sake of themselves, some manufactures make fake products.
Consequently, fake products even appear in the whole market.
They include food, drugs and so on.
Referring to fake products, it seems that people are indeed worried about them, for their harmfulness is tremendous.
Hence, there are several justifications listed to support my argument.
First, fake products do harm to our health, from which many people suffer a lot.
For this reason, it's not a good condition for the catering and service trade.
Second, they violate consumers' rights and interests so that fewer people are willing to trust the manufactures.
The lack of security may decrease consumption, which I think will handicap our economic development.
Third, fake products throw a negative influence upon the images of the Chinese corporate so that some investors are likely to stop the desires of investing in China.
In some degree, they may bring about tremendous economic loss.
Last but not least, famous corporate in China may lose their markets, because their real products are replaced by fake products, which make consumers more difficult to distinguish whether goods are real or not.
Hence, they would rather select other products with the same function.
This is really a serious problem for not only consumers but also makers themselves.
Earning money is our common aim.
Although we are eager to make profits, we aren't able to make everything by ourselves, for we are also consumers.
Therefore, whoever we are, we are supposed to do everything complying with the law.
What's the most important is that actions need to be taken by supervisory organization.
Only in this way can we live in a harmonious society.
My name is X and my hometown is V Province.
I am no the only children of my parents and I have a brother,his name is Y and he is a smart boy.We both love our parents very much.And my parents also love us very much.
I'm 154 cm tall and have a little bit weight,I have long black hair and big eyes.
As a Chinese,I like Chinese culture so much that my favourite are landscape painting and classic music.Expect,I also like painting,reading and play basketball.On weekends,I often go to library reading books or go out to have fun with my classmates.
About future,as for me ,I have nothing special expectation,I only hope I can become a good Chinese teacher and make enough money to my parents to let them have a happiness life.
Air pollution has become a serious problem in recent years.
Various of ways make the air unfresh and poisonous, among which the biggest problem is emission.
Therefore, I personally believe that government ought to work out a complete system of controlling the air pollution.
According to the latest report, the US and China are the two largest greenhouse gas-emitting nations.
In China, the main channels of gaseous emission are industrial pollution and automobile exhaust.
During the Tenth Five-Year Plan period, China's coal comsumption experienced an increase by more than 800 million tons, over 500million tons of which went to thermal power industry.
Thus it can be seen, govenment need make a rule for factories of which the mission is out of range.Once they must be imposed a fine according to the level of comsumption.
Compared with mineral fuels, automobile exhaust also causes damage to people's health and air pollution.
Because of the over-use of car, people in big cities are troubled in traffic jams, fog and haze everyday.
We have no other chance only wait for the limitation made by government.
Except for the ban of driving vehicle, government should also develop the clean engry such as natural gas, solar engry and so on.
If we didn't pay attention to the finite resources, we would run out of them sooner or later.
In a word, just like the peaceful world requires order, the environmental protection needs supervision as well.
Everyone should take the responsibity to build up a brighter and cleaner living environment for ourselves.
My room,a well-decorated chamber,is of medium size.
And the most precious thing in my room is a book,laid up on the bookcase,which was a birthday gift from my grandma,named A Global History,which was written by Stavrianos.
It mainly described the history,from prehistory to the twenty-first century.
It was this book that made me fall in love with history study.
Reading it can not only present us a direct comprehension of human development, but broaden our vision.
In brief,history makes men wise.
That's why I regard it as the most precious thing in my room.
The Spring Festival is the most popular festival in China.It usually happens in January or February,but not on the same day.We usually have a-seven-day holiday.
Before the spring festival,people always buy something to eat,and they often clean the room.On the morning of that day,people are going to visit their friends,and children can get the red bag,it means lucky money.They celebrate with a big dinner,and in the evening,they usually watch a special program on TV.At 12,people usually play firecrackers.
I think spring festival is very important for us.
Motherly love is highly praised by people,because of its naturing and selfless.However ,Fatherly love is conditional love,it is as greast as motherly love.They hide their love in the deep bottom of their hearts and never show it.
My father is this kind.I remembered once I was ill ,unluckily ,my mother was not at home at that moment.My father acted as a mother to take care of me,he let me take some medicines when he knew me ill.The way care me made me think of my kind and tender mother,his eyes were full of love and expactations.
When I make mistakes,he always point out my mistakes patiently.When Ihave troubles that he always encourage me to do my best,he used to say''It does not matter whether you are or not,the important thing is to do your best and march forward without hesitation''.
In my life,my father is like a big tree to me .under the tree, I feel happiness and safe.I am proud of my great father.I love my father.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.They are both tall,both popular and both outgoing.Nonetheless Wang Lingling 's hair is longer than Liu Lili's.Wang Lingling likes reading,nevertheless Liu Lili likes sports.However,they're both popular and outing.Though Wang Lingling is more serious than Liu Lili,Liu Lili is funnier than her.And Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili,Liu Lili is smarter than her.
Recently,with the development of internet services,blogs has aroused wide concern.It plays a impertant role in people to express their own opinions and communicate with others .more and more people created their own blog.on the one hand ,they share the interesting pictures or some humour story.on the other hand ,they share shought and excited things by the blog.
However,the coin has two sides.so the blog is not avoid bring us some problem.For exemple,there are some unhealthey things when we scan it .so it need improve.to be honest,it just be a virtual world .for the more,it has a bad infulunce on people's communication ,what it worse,it can made people have a mental problem .
As far as im concerned ,i think the advantages of blog outweigh the disadvantages.Because the blog is convenient to communicate,everyone can create it,it hasn't rulers.What's more,you can find a lot of interest things visit others blog and communicate with them.
It is one of philosophical wisdom by Abraham Lincoln.
Doing his everything, he must "sharpen the axe".
As the saying goes, the opportunity is always left to those who are prepared.
We all set up many goals and dreams for ourselves from childhood.
But we never prepared for realizing our dream.
So we were ended in failure.
There is no any example to find that one person can success without preparation.
Abraham Lincoln set a good example for us.
For him, his way of success is to make full preparation.
As an English major, not only should we keep an enthusiasm attitude towards study,but also we must persevere in studying English and be prepared in everything we need.
With sufficient preparation,we can save half of time and energy and can overcome the failure in time.
Without sufficient preparation, we may be loss heart after we meet failure.
In short, keeping Abraham Lincoln's wisdom, the way to success is prepared in everything we do.
I live in Qingdao,a beautiful seaside city.It is in the east of Shan dong province.The people in Qingdao are very friendly.The weather in Qingdao is also very good.Pretty hot and wet in the summer,but it can be quiet cold in the winter.There are many local products in Qingdao such as Qingdao beer and Lao shan green tea and so on.Many people often say "eat clams and drink beer".If you travel in Qingdao,you can go to many interesting places.The wind of May is a symbol of Qingdao.And you will feel very comfortable blowing sea breeze at the beach.Qingdao is a gorgeous and pleasant place.Welcome to Qingdao.
Nowadays due to short of energy and serious environment pollution low-carbon lifestyle become more and more popular.
Low-carbon lifestyle means we should find a way not only can make our life comfortable but also decreas carbon dioxide's produce.Our university school sthdent as one of sociey it's also our dety to make a low-carbon lifestyle.In daily life we should turn off light,computer and radio after use.what's more we could instead taxi by bus or bike when we go out.Besides we should not use plastic bag.
There also many things we could do to access low-carbon lifestyle.It's no double that our wold will be more beautifui if everyone have a low-carbonlifestyle.
In our daily life we can see immoral behaviors in public at many times .Just like spitting on overpasses,picking flower in the park , speaking loudly in the subway .This behavior made us unhappy at many times .
I once saw a man speak at the cinema and he speak loudly ,it made me feel very unhappy.
These immoral behaviors in public bing about a lot of problems .First,one of the most impact on our sense of social responsibility.
in addition ,if we keep turning a blind eye to the other people's feelings,we may loose their respect some day .I believe no one want to be a man who has disrespected.so we should solve this problem as soon as possible .
I think for the government , our government should punish those who have immoral behavior in public.For us we should keep our moral cultivation and we should teach our children do what they should do in right way .We should help to create a harmonious society together.
During winter holiday many things happened.
However, one of then is the most unforgettable, I want to write it down and share with you.
As the New Year is coming nearer.
The family is busy preparing for it.
We need to buy many things.
Clean the house and window and wash clothes and so on.
I try my best to help mother do something.
It is a tradition that people eat dumplings during New Year.
Therefore, the every family make dumplings.
I have learned to make all the time.
But I can't learn well after all.
This year I still learn to how to do that.
Finally, I succeed.
It makes me feel very happy.
Since this time, I can do many things for my mother.
Although I failed many times before.
I learned finally.
It occurs to me that where there is a will, there is a way.
By this time, I learn how to cook dumplings.
I also learn that whatever you do, you need to persist.
I hope that in my future what difficulty I Wii fare, I can insist till the final.
From the picture, we see that there is a old lady sitting in front of a mirror,saying that she was lonely,because her children do not accompany with her.
Nowadays,more and more old become lonely.As far as I am concerned,first,their kids pay more attention to their job,in their views,getting the better things to their parents and making them live a happy life,is a good way to show their appreciation,so they ignore that their parents need their company.what is more,some people are too busy to take good care of their parents.And,in some cities,people live a fast pace life.Everyday,there are a lot of job given by their bosses,the must finish them on time,so they are always tired,they have no time to chat with their parents.Besides,some people do not want to live with their parents,because they think they are old and always disagree what they do.And their parents always want to control them,if they defy their parents,their parents will become unhappy and then they always argue with each other.
Because they give us life,and give their best to us,we should take good care of them,no matter what happen.Remember they are not easy to bring us up.
Nowadays, Students attendance be Compulsory is common in university.
Because freedom and relax in college, lots of them become freely, they are not care their study.
It is a serious problem .In my opinion class attendance should be compulsory.
Firstly, about college students they should be able to take study responsibility for their actions.
Class attendance should be compulsory is benefit to them, they should according to the compulsory take class on time.
So, Class Attendance Should Be Compulsory.
Secondly, because of few courses, they have lots of time to do other things.
Fox example, play computer games in the take class time or using the class time go out school for various party /sleep at dorm.
It is bad for their study, they can not get good grades or progress, and even can not graduate from college.
So, Class Attendance Should Be Compulsory.
Finally, it can make students have terrible habits about study, they will be tiring for study.
So, Class Attendance Should Be Compulsory.
As far as I am concerned, class attendance should be compulsory in college.
It is necessary make compulsory rules.
Students must take their study responsibility, to complete their studies in accordance with the provisions of compulsory.
Nowadays, more and more college students take part-time jobs in their spare time.
Different people hold different opinions on that.
Someone believes that once college students put more energy on the part-time jobs, then they maybe can't focus on their study.
On the contrary, some people believe that taking a part-time job certainly brings several advantages.
To begin with, students can learn how to get along with people and know the society better by taking a part-time job.
Both of these are very reasonable.
In my opinion, I think a college student should take a part-time job.
On the one hand, doing part-time jobs can offer them opportunities to apply what they have learned in school and demonstrate their abilities.
On the other hand, it can relive some economic burdens of their parents.
Above all, it is better for college students to according their personal situation to take a part-time job or not.
Nowdays,there are many unhealthy habits among college students.For example:sleep late,excessive consumption,addicted to the game,and so on.
The unhealthy habits directly affect collect students learning.Sleep late make them don't have enough energy to learning better,excessive consumption so that they did not know how to manage money,many students addicted to the game so that they are not interested in study.
I think the college should strength the education of the unhealthy habits to college students.Aiming at the phenomenon to make a lot of publicty courses and lectures to make them realised the harm about unhealthy habits of college students,and advise college students to good study and far from the game as much as possible and sleep early.
If college students give up these unhealthy habits,they will have a good study and a better future.
The price of the dining hall is too high for us to accept it.
There is only a dining hall on campus so we have to go to it for food.The price remains high because they do not have any rival.
Some waitresses give us too little food to eat our fill and sometimes they bahave badly.
I think we should solve the problem to improve the quality of our life.We can attract more contractors and they will compete with each other so that the price of food can drop.
These days heroes often hit the headlines of newspaper and have been hit into the focus of the public, just as the article shows the heroes are everyone, but why some person becomes the heroes, some or not.
Personally speaking, I have two important views.
To begin with, I think the most important thing is that people have spirit of utter sacrifice.
For instance, once there was an air crash and the air sunk down among gray chunks of ice.
People were chaotic, but the man in the water appeared as alert and in control.
He helped people to cling to the lifeline, but after the last survivor clung to the lifeline; he was tired and disappeared with the wreckage of the plane.
As the writer say the man in the water may grasp the lifeline and can be rescued in the air crash, but nevertheless he gave the lifeline to the survivor.
What the great sacrifice he has.
If he did not give the other person lifeline and took advantage of it, I think this disaster would have few survivors.
Furthermore, people will all laugh at him and say what a coward, he will never be the hero.
Then I think heroes should have the proper occasion to show their ability.
Let's take another example of this issue.
The supper man who has strong ability from the comic book just was a reporter originally.
One day some alien wanted to destroy the world, but he saved the world.
So everyone knows him and it is not exaggerated to say that everyone regards him as an idol.
He becomes the hero.
Obviously if he did not grasp the opportunity to show his strong ability, he would not be so popular that even remote people adore him.
Hence the conclusions, why people become heroes have two important reasons, the first reason is indispensable, and the second reason is just a catalyst to be heroes.
So I would like to say it is best cultivate our character first.
"Friend,we walk together always,and those days will never come again.A sentence,eternal love,a glass of wine......"As the song"Friend"sings,friends are very significant for us to live in the world.
Friend is a shoulder when we are tired,and friend also is a helping hand when we are down.Recently,a lot of people believe that borrow money form best friend can affect the friendship.However,some people do not think so.
In my opinion.I am in favor of the second viewpoint.As the saying goes:"a friend in need is a friend indeed"I consider that friendship is not so fragile.In times of trouble ,after we borrow money from best friend and in the tide,we should return it to friend.so ,to borrow money will promote feelings and not the emotional impact.
The friend forever is our medicine,we should make some good friends and cherish them.
Now our country promote equality between men and women ,but our society does not have the execution.
Regards men as superior to women the idea in the older a generation is specially serious ,The idea continued for a long time.I consider that our society there is no real equality between men and women.The public believes that promoting equality between men and women, the most effective is to change people's social attitudes.
Gender inequality in the world today is still prevalent, more and more attracted widespread attention.
Men and women have the different social division,so they don't have full equality of treatment and position.In the today's society,the social status of women has increased,the relationship between men and women be well.The equality of the sexes have been presented a law.Both men and women in marriage rights and obligations is equal.The different sex family member's in family rights and obligations also is equal .The law that protects women's legitimate rights and interests.
Although the relationship between men and women are not equality,but with the development of society, this behavior must be changed,women's position has been changed totally and improved virtually.
In Africa, when antelopes open their eyes every morning, they think :"I must run faster than the fastest lions, or I will be killed by a lion" .
Meanwhile, lions wake up too.
Therefore, almost at the same time, antelopes and lions run at soon, running toward the rising sun.
Life is like that-- whether you are an antelope or a lion, when the sun rises, you have to dash forward without hesitation.
With the developing of China,it has been a big problem of the air we breathe.Haze has severely threatened our health.Once I came to the hospital,most of the patients are coughing severely and the rate of pneumonia is increasing rapidly.
As a consequence,the fog has become a serious problem in China.The biggest reason which caused the haze I think may be the development of the industry.The cars running on the road,putting out its terrible smell.People never take care to destroy a forest to build factories,apartments and business area.
The severe environment problem have reminded us that if we do not take acton at once,the environment will be destroyed.What we can leave our posterity behind may be nothing but the desolate earth.The first action we should take may be limit the factories to put out the terrible smell.In addition,stopping the endless building is also necessary.Last but not least,we everyone should protect the air.There is a will, there is a way.If we all tried our best to deal with the air pollution,the haze would never be a problem.
As is universally agreed,e-commerce is a prevalent direction with irresistible force.
Thanks for its convenience,we are more and more depending on online shopping.
Let's expound its merits and demerits.
Whatever people discussing about it,the countless advantages of online shopping are by no means ignorable.
For sellers,they needn't pay much cost on renting declining the price of their goods which will be competitive to appeal to numerous customers.
Meanwhile,rather than shuttling between the traffic jam or suffering from the intense heat and severe cold,the sellers could do their transaction before an ipad at ease.
In terms of buyers,online-shopping happens at any time and any place.
However busy or wherever they are,the buyers can enjoy their shopping at ease.
What's more,because of quite a few various kinds of products,they have more choices to purchase goods at a favourable price.
All of these causes have put forward the booming e-commerce as well as the level of our daily life.
Yet,the recently appearing flaws have enforced us to lay stress on online-shopping.
The online-shops are virtual cyberspace where the customers can not know the quality nor can they have a try.
Hence it will also be inconvenient to some degree to buy or return the goods they have received already.
Moreover,both the sellers and the buyers take the risk of the damages in transit.
I am aware of the worry that online shopping will adversely impact physical stores which would finally increase the unemployment rate.
To borrow a popular idea on the internet that everyone takes a chance to fly when there is a favourable wind blowing from behind.
I believe in the tailwinds generated by our 'internet+'strategy,we will be able to get the Chinese economy off to a higher level.
All in all,there are far more advantages than disadvantages of online-shopping that we benefit from it.
We are bound to obtain a sound and steady growth in economy as long as all stores do honest business and protect the rights and interests of all consumers.
In view of the computers'development,quite a few people are trapped into the anxiety that the computer technologies will replace the teachers and increase the unemployment rate.In their opinions,it's possible that the teachers'occupations will be replaced by the popular computers in the near future.However,for my part,it will never take place.The traditional way of teaching and learning is becoming more and more necessary in the field of education.
First and foremost,teachers are always the lamps to light up our path.The jobs of being teachers are respected by all the people.Perhaps,it's convenient and easy to get the information from the computers,but the computers will never discuss with you seriously,except the teachers.In the next place,teachers are the most direct and emotional advisors.They are more genial than the computers that it's only be regarded as a tool.Although it can supply us with larger amount of knowledge,please remember the fact that the computer is created by human beings.It can be seen that the people 's brain is more agile than the machines.Finally,teaching is a symbol of educating children.Teachers are the most influential person during the students grow up.They teach them how to distinguish right or wrong,black or white.Even how to be a righteous person.But the computers can not do these for us face to face forever.
"Spring Silkworms to death to make silk, wax torch ashes only dry tears.
"This is the true portraiture of teachers.In the modern world filled with education,the traditional teaching way will never disappear.
It's worthy of inherited and honourable to impart knowledge and educate people in the society.
Now, I hope you have some idea of China Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival, which is thought to be the most important festival in China, comes in January or February.
It is the first day of lunar calender, thus it is a symbol of a new start.
People are always very busy preparing this festival.
We put up couplet with lucky words on it.
We buy some special food like fish that has lucky meanings.
What means sweeping away the old bad things is that we do a big clean where we live.
Wearing new clothes and having good mood, we welcome the Spring Festival.
We get together, eating delicious food and making dumplings, with the firecracker going off.
We forget all the unhappy things just to make a wish of a happy year.
I hope you can come and experience China Spring Festival one day.
When we saw serious traffic accidents happening on the street, we always feel scared.
So how to drive safely?The drivers must follow the traffic rules.
Going across the road when the traffic lights turn green is an important part of it.further, I hold my opinion that drivers should drive as slowly as possible.Driving after drinking is the most dangerous thing,drivers must not do that.
Traffic a big problem for ourself in a big city like Jinan.If you want to go shopping.Please take bus to where you go.I like go someplace by bus.Also it can make me see some great signs.I like this way.But seriously polution will make your city traffic go worse.So i wish more people can keep the environment.Because traffic is a big source of pollution in cities.
As we know, nowadays we generation is facing many difficulties in many aspects, such as education and employment.
In a word, the competition in the modern city is becoming more and more cruel for us.
As a result, the public begin to be concerned about our future for the reason that they see many shortcomings in us.
What comes first is that we care too much about ourselves and are unwilling to cooperate with others.
Secondly, our lack of willpower and giving up quickly when in trouble also prevents us from success.
Thirdly, we always blindly run after something that is not so important in life and are eager for money and fame.
Obviously, we can't deny that those shortcomings do commonly exist among us.
But anyhow, we still shouldn't ignore our advantage----that we are young and have the courage to accept any kind of challenge.
Before long, we will become more mature and show our best to convince the public.
Dreams are beautiful, while reality is severe.
If you have a dream, please remember that where there is a will, there is a way.
As far as I'm concerned, no matter how bad the reality is, we should go on and never give up our dreams.
He shows us his dream and strong will to make it come true, while the reality was so hard, equality seemed to be impossible for the black people.
Take Mandela for example, if he gives up when he was in jail, he would never go out the jail much less achieve the liberation.
Therefore, I think strong will is of great importance for us to achieve our dreams while the reality is hard.
What we should do is persisting in what we want to achieve and take actions.
For example, though Liu Wei is disabled, he has his own will and dream, he searched another way to live a new life, becoming successful at last.
To sum up, strong will is important for us to make our dream come true, what is more important: we should take actions.
Nothing is impossible to a willing mind.
My favorite animal is rabbit.
It has got four legs, two lang ears, two big red eyes.
It is white and small.
It eats grass and carrots.
Very pleased to receive your letter, in the letter you say you know "in the network China sound" is one of the most popular programs China.
Yes, have to admit that it is a good TV show.
"Chinese sound" is a love of music, people realize the dream of the stage.
Their dream unremittingly impressed the judges and audience China.
They believe that one day their music dream will come true, as long as they continue to do so.
Dear peter: I will tell something about The Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is very important and popular festival in China.
It has over 4000 histories.
In the solar calendar,January the first is The Spring Festival.
People usually not only buy some New Year's food but also cook many delicious food during The Spring Festival.
After dinner,we go out and set off fireworks.
Adults often give children red paper and it is wonderful for me because I can buy what I want.
Our family watch TV together when on Spring Festival Eve.
The second day,we always say"Happy New Year"and"Hello"each other when we visit our relatives and friends.
I think The Spring Festival is very interesting and it's exciting for us to celebrate The Spring Festival.
When the author came in as a freshman, she had the first time of a senior high school student.
In June, their school had a Roman banquet, and she draped toga awkwardly.
She had been in a state of controlled hysteria, because her crush sat near her.
She wanted to relish the miracle in silence.She was being kissed.
The next day, her father tell them that they will stay for half a year at her grandmother's house.
In the meantime, she tried to see him.
It would be long weeks of confusion and pain before she relized that the kiss was nothing but a little trophy for his ego.
Then, she realized that the first love just a sweet agony.
According to the chart which is about Shanghai in pollution,It can be obvious to us that vehicles accounted for 50 per cent of pollution.And factories created 30% and smoking created 5% and the others was caused by other reasons.
How terrible it is!As far as I am concerned,when we go out, we should choose bus rather than car because of its high pollution.
Not only should we reduce the pollution but also we should reduce the number of the smokers.
In my opinion, the damage of smoking to our health and environment is much larger than vehicle's.When it comes to the solution of it, I think that the law about smoking in public places are to be made immediately.
Only if we take immediate action, will the population reduce.
If only there would be no pollution.
On these years, Blog has become more and more popular.
We can see that a large number of people express and exchange their opinions and thoughts via the internet, mainly through Blog.
It can be considered that Blog has been a part of our life in the modern time.
The reasons must be various, I think.
We can infer that the principal reason is the expansion of the internet.
Of course no.
By surfing the internet we can get informed with the latest news all over the world and, of course, show our opinions by the most convenient method.
Another reason could be the sense of safety.
In the unreal world we can be the one who we want to be, and say what we really think of, escaping from the rules and responsibility.
It is so useful a way for us to relieve our stress, to show the personalities, not to mention that it is free.
Thus, the popularity of Blog has caused some problems.
According to the unreality of the internet, a few persons broadcast negative or false information.
They ignore the responsibility of a citizen, the morality of a man.
May be not, if they bear no criticism.
There is no doubt that Blog does good to us, but otherwise it does hurt.
Thought we depend on it, we should hold a right attitude and learn to protect ourselves from the internet.
My father bought me a lovely pet on my birthday.
He has two orange paws, a sharp and orange mouth.
Of course he has a pair of small and blue eyes and a long tail with bright and black feather all over.
Yes, it's a bird.
Kaka.
Sometimes he is very friendly and quite.
a little naught.
He likes singing when he feels happy.
can even mimic what we say.
Because of Kaka, the whole family is usually full of much more happiness.
Kaka is my favorite animal.
In 2014,my first English writing class.I think is very funny.So I have a lot of interest in English writing.
In the class,English writing teacher Ms su is very funny words ,but she is strict with us.Secondly my classmates is active in class.Last term,English writing teacher is Oscar.Although I have some,I want to study hard in order to succeed.Sometimes Ms su have told interesting stories to us.She dislikes don't hand in your homework.
That makes me spirit.Then my first English writing class content is so divertingness.Content is to write a favorite things or items.So share I want to say.That's feel good.
My first English writing class let me very unfogettable.Gradually,I have been initiativing to learn.Writing make me how to express what they think,but this needs spend long time to work on,So I shoud work-hard to back word and practice.
There is no doubt that doing such things as collecting all kinds of coupons, looking for group-by and buying clothes in a sale limits our sight in the decrease for consumption.
It seems to be reasonable, the less we pay, the more we get.
But under no circumstance does a wise consumer do it for it's a common sense they have recognized that the development of individual, progress of society and flourishing of the country isn't attribute to the decrease but the increase for consumption.
So they cling to the idea that the increase in consumption is a right thing that customers should do.
So do I.
Three benefits are given to support this point.
First of all, the standand of living depends on the attitude for consumption.
The actions such as collecting coupons are certainly getting a good effect as you pay less and get more, but comparing with the first, setting the increase in consumption as a the aim that will accept the different result.
With the increasing pressure and courage, it will conduce us to a high level the standard of living .
Furthermore, the forward of society also depends on the increase of consumption.
If all the people focus the view on the decrease not the increase.
The continuous decreas of consumption in social total consumption .
Last but not least, the improvement of the nation depends on the increase of consumption,and it also shows the power how strong our country is.
If you only focus on the decrease.
We restrict our footsteps of moving forward in a low-level and incomplete conditions.
Only increase the consumption can we own the qualification to compete with others.
In a summary, we can safely come into the idea that the increase of consumption plays a leading role in three different fields,which is also proved that what a smart consumer should do.
Nowadays,with the improvement of information and computer technologies,there appears a problem that would the computer replace the teacher in the near future.On the average,people may not support computers but I support it.I think if we take the essence and discard the dregs computers will replace teachers.There are some reason.
As we all know,teachers always treat a student whom is hard-working and have a good grade with a favor.But I think it may make others are left in the cold and make them did not like studying any more.Nevertheless,one computer only helps one student so there not exist that problem.What calls for special attention is that students always pass the buck to the teacher.If computers replace teachers,the student could not pass the buck.Moreover,the teacher may use a lot of time to do the back-breaking job but it is much easier for the computer.Above everything else,computers will give us some methods but in the great majority of teachers give us only one method with the same question.
All in all,I am in favor of that computers will replace teachers.Computers will not work with personal emotion and it can help us in every minute.
We always dislike lying in our daily life.
Also,we are reluctantly close to the people who tell a lie frequently.
However, we are able to forgive the people who tell white lies possibly.
Although lie is offensive and unacceptable in our minds, we have to tell some white lies at all respects of the society.
For example, your friend was wearing a very strange and even a bit ugly clothing at the party.
She hopes to get your praise when appeared.
If you're smart enough, you can't give opinions and make some comments directly.
When express your point of views and feelings for her,otherwise, in order to protect his self-esteem, an euphemistic way of speaking is appropriate.
Then, in learning, your partner never completes his work on time.
And he wants to copy your homework when you have finished.
In order to help him to study independently,you probably say that I haven't finished it.
Nest, at work, if you are secretary of boss, your colleagues will ask you some inside information about the company, you are likely to lie.
And you can say that I don't know anything at all.
We can provoke reflective thoughts or controversies about white lies from the above example.
In the process of working and studying, we are able to tell a white lie for the precious friendship between us.
Also we may tell a white lie for the interests of the company.
Although we should do an honest man in the society.
However,in many cases, telling a white lie is unable to avoid.
College is a small society, have kinds of people, they come from different provinces.
My plan is study major project well in college, and study to how to become a man.
I want to read kinds of books, and I want to make many friends in the college, in order that they could help me in the future.
As a matter of fact, I even can not choose a lifestyle I prefer.
What a tragedy it is between dream and reality.
Now,more and more student spell English less than before.
The reason is many students don't like English,so they listen English class thing something.On the hand,they aren't interesting in English class,on the other hand,they think study English useless.Because theirs think English is not important in the future.Spell English become careful-less.Next,we grew up in the information age and dependent on translation instrument.This kind of behavior is wrong.We should change the phenomenon.
First,we should remenber English words ;Second,wirte English at the same time spell English words;The end,pay attention to English spelling.
We must keep leaning English,If students remenber words every day,theirs study well become better and better.
With the development of economy in china, a number of problems have arisen .one of questions is that goods are packs elegant .
The reasons for this phenomenon as follows :Firstly, merchants want to earn more money ,so that they packaging goods originality and wasteful .to draw customer's are very good faces of , the leads to the trend of over packaging .some customer thinks the better packing seems more "upscale".
However, excessive packaging has brought about some undesirable effects.
Such as :waste precious and limited natural resources ,waste customer's money and so on .
In my opinion ,we should take effective measures now .Government must lay down the law to bound merchants ,the most principal ,as a customer, we should ,we should have the consciousness that waste is shameful ,saving is glorious .Only in this way can we have more resources offer to younger generations.
