To begin with, don't use your password as often as possible in public.
Public, a place many can go, is easier to lose password because some bad will steal it on purpose.
Secondly, set a complex password is a good method to protect password.
The reason why using a complex password is that some bad may need more time to get it.
Last but not least, reset your password regularly.
From my perspective,If you do above, you will own your accounts privately.Or rather,only in such a way can you keep your accounts save and secure.
I'm on behalf of my class to express our warm welcome to you .
Libraries and gyms are available , where you can broaden your horizon , and help you keep up with the high pace of the study here .
Our class , a big family with sense of competition and cooperation , are willing to help you adapt to the new environment , and will spare no effort to make joint efforts to truly make a difference .
I'll appreciate it if you can introduce something about America so that we can exchange ideas and promote mutual understanding .
I'm looking forward to your reply .
Hello, my name is L. The students born in the 90s have different tink , different behaver , and different value.But don't worry about this questin !although , 90s have to face more question about school test and work .although people think we are pay attention to self , contempt cooperation the lack of persecerance , easy to get discouraged, bilnd pursuit of fame.but we strengths dare to challenge.We think we are best we can be win , we are winner !
From the beginning of studying,I have read so many books.
Each book had brought me different influence.
However,Three days to see has a great influence on my value of studying and life.
This book talks about a girl,Helen Keller who is not only a deaf,but also a blind person.
In the book,Helen Keller according to her Unusual life,expressed her hope get a bright world.At the same time, Helen Keller described her was how to overcome the sick,how to through the dark times and how to made progress in the end.Therefore ,her's life story let me thinking,wondering what I should do under similar circumstances.
although she as a disable,she lost the light and sounds,the dark occupied her whole life,but she always with the enthusiasm to face the social,she use of her faculties and sense let me learned that how important the correct attitude .so her life experience gives me a light of life direction.
After reading this book I know ,as a normal person,Cherishing the time and pay attention to our family ,friend and sounding thing ,rather than not being grateful for what we have until we lost it,of not being conscious of health until we are ill.in our life ,we should be full of appreciate every day.we should try our best to make the fullest use our blessed faculties,we must know that not only the deaf appreciate the hearing ,not only the blind realize the manifold blessings the lie in sight,we also care the social.This book let me know,don't care the difficult the trouble and difficult,as long as we with a bright heart and the right value of life,everything will be good,as long as we hard.
Therefore,this book is worth to read and have a great influence on life,it changed my some view of life.
It has been recognized widely that the overuse of cellphones has done great harm to young students and much evidence can be named to prove this.
Nowadays the cellphone has deeply rooted in person's daily life,but the question is whether they are all good for you.It may have bad influence on us.For one thing,not only can they harm your eyes,making you be short in sight,but also scientists have proved that they can also affect your brain as well.It takes up most of our effective working times, attention and mind to fix on such a small screen.For another,it is a waste of time to use cellphone too much,which we will be addicted to.
Moreover, cellphone can also spread some false information to cheat you.
Last but not least,many students are so deeply attracted by some interesting mobile games that they communicate less with their families and friends, which will lead to mental problems.
Nevertheless as we know, the key role of the cellphone at present is just like one of the essentials, such as food, water and air in our life.
In order to effectively arrange time in our study, we should set up the correct concept of using cellphones,work and entertainment, the role of mobile phone is just a tool to assist us should be always kept in mind.
As there is too much information which can be easily reached through the cellphone,our attention and curiosity are inextricably drawn to it.By and large,the right ways to use cellphone have a positive effect on our study and life.
Psychological health problems is cause disease.
People's burden in his heart, in order to live and bear the heavy pressure .Out of work cause unhealthy effects on the mentality.Mental health is many-sided.
NO matter when we all need to support, in a very short time lack this, mental will slowly produce problems.
We all need friends, a good social hub and interpersonal relationship that make a mental health.
I think,people should always keep a happy positive and calm mind.
in this way can we keep the psychological health and balance .Health is very important in my heart.
My name is H, is a high school student, compared to the online reading, I prefer the traditional reading, such as I and my classmates to go to the library to read books, even if not to talk, but also can exchange reading experience, but also to promote friendship, I think the Internet is not good for the eyes, because I do not wear glasses before reading, and now wearing glasses to protect the eyes, sometimes headache, I do not know is only me, so people are so, above is my opinion.
Nowadays, there's an increasing number of household in China that has an only one child.
Most of parents Love and care for children so much that children has less chances to deal with problems by themselves.
Consequently, children get used to depending on their parents in everything and lack of ability to solve problems independently, which is bad for their growing.
There are some effective ways for parents to help their children be independent.
To start with, parents should give their children more chances to experience the world and life around them.
Thus their children can enhance the capability to overcome the difficulties and handle problems independently.
In addition, parents should offer enough assistance when their children need some instructions and advices.
In this way, they depend on their parents in a right way and can solve problems independently when they face the same one next time.
Last but not least, parents should allow their children to make decisions independently.
Children would improve the ability to deal with the problems they are confronted with in their life.
From the above discussion, I strongly believe that parent should help their children be independent by instructing them in a proper way rather than planning and considering everything for them.
It's children who decide their future and fate, so it would be beneficial for them to live independently with some proper instructions of their parents.
It is shown in the recent surveys that many college students copy papers from the Internet to save the trouble of doing their assignments .
In my opinion, this kind of academic dishonesty is very harmful to these students.
First, copying papers from the Internet makes students lazy.
Copying papers from the Internet seems easy and can save some time and trouble; seldom work hard to complete their papers on their own.
In other words, students will become lazier and lazier.
Second, students can learn little from copying others' work.
Students cannot improve their abilities just by downloading papers from the Internet without their own thinking and working.
What's worse, once students get used to academic cheating, they may also cheat in other cases in the future, which will be very dangerous for them, especially when it's put down in the honesty record .
Therefore, in order to prevent academic dishonesty on campus, some punishments by the school may be necessary.
But the most important thing is that teachers should talk to those students, and make them aware of the fact that copying others' work cannot bring them any knowledge and that only by working hard can they improve themselves.
No.44/77 Is this available in white?
No.78/612 What is the discount price of this four orders of over 500 pieces?
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
In recently years,internet play an importent roal in our daily life.We use internet everyday.Now days we can not life witnout it.
Internet is a good tool for us to learn more about the wourld.We can read books,listen to music,see movies chat with friends and so on.Today, we all says that one wourld,one dream.It's Internet that make the wourld become a big home.Besides,internet also help us save a lot of time.We can transmit the message even if we are not face to face.
Internet also bring us so many problem.We spend a lot of time on the computers,it's bad for our eyes.Nearsightedness has become a mark for morden.We don't have to have a face to face talk most time,so we bacome strange between frends and revatives.
Internet is a tool for people.We can't become the slaves for it .We must make full of use the two- edged sword of the internet.Then our life will be better and better.
Madam, a lady who lost her hair, said.
She looked at herself in the mirror, with a little hair on her head.
To stop her hair losing, Madam bought many medicines, hoping them could solve her problem.
However, to her disappointment, no medicine succeeded.
But Madam didn't give up.
Once, she had a strange dream.
In her dream, someone showed her some plants that could made her hair avoid losing.
She thought and tried her best to find those plants.
Finally she made it, using them made her hair grow faster.
To help other people like her whose hair was not healthy, Madam produced a kind of medicine, which was made from those plants.
Through selling her own productions, she helped many people and became rich.
------If you can take it,you can make it.
The story tell about the soldier Louis Silvie Zamperini.The first descendent of Italy,Califonia.He was verdure when he was little.Then he take part in school sport team.At last indepandent on his gift on sport,he won the eighth on the nasi's Olimpic game and shock hands with Hitler.
Then The Wlard War second began,Louis Silvie did the bomb thrower and in once rescue mission.Him and his partner float in the sea,47days... How strong he is!Louis Silvle's brove and strong moved me.47 days,what an amazing number,but they defeat.The part I most interesting and like is he catch a bird and eat it.No longer they spit it out because it's too evil.I was laught when i see this.But think back,a human didn't eat anything and drink alive 47 days is amazing,so they must eat it.
If you can take it,you can make it.I always remember this.I am respect him very much.
Reading is one of the most ordinary things in our life.Nevertheless should we read selectively extensively?Different people have different ideas.
As far as some people are concerned that it is extremely essential to read selectively.As far as they see,there are so many books and it is difficult and impossible for us to read all books in that we have no much time in this busy world.In addition,there are lots of bad books which have bad effects on our mind and heart.Therefore,we should read selectively.
However,every thing has two sides.There are plenty of people who are for reading extensively.In their eyes,although there are lots of bad books ,if we insist reading more books which are good for the development of us,we can get so much knowledge to let us be more knowledgeable.What's more ,it is certain that time left to read books everyday is not enough.
Nevertheless reading extensively means making full use of limited time to read more good books rather than reading all books .After all,we should learn and know more other field's information so that we can get a good job and link other fields to our fields to create more wonders.
In my opinion,we should read extensively.We ought to take advantage of limited time to read more books so that we can be more intelligent.
As we all know, No parents do not love their children.
In my opinion, I think parents shouldn't.
First of all, we have to figure out the true meaning of love.
This love does not mean spoiled, but means parents stand on equal angle to give their child care and understanding.
A good parent-children relationship should be set up on the basis mutual understanding and respect.
Parents can not impose their ideas on their children.
They should treat their children as independent individual.
It is advisable for the parents to learn to listen to children's ideas and encourage them to think on their own rather than decide everything for the children.
On the other hand, children should listen to their parents' advice for they're more experienced.
Try to be understanding when there is disagreement with parents.
Always keep one thing in min---whatever they do comes from their love for us.
It is necessary children to exchange ideas with parents from time to time so that the gap between parents and children will be narrowed.
Secondly, parents who have no time on coaching their children in studies have hired tutors.
Some of them send their children to after-class schools.
They arrange their own children to learn that they think useful courses, such as piano, violin, ballet and painting.
They do not care about if their children like these courses.
They believe that this is the way they love their children.
This wrong "love" needs to be reserved.
Parents should not have certain reservations in giving their love to their children.
They should concern about their children physical and mental health.
Communication is also very important.
Love is the noblest of all emotions of mankind.
It is like a lamp that shines in darkness and gives children courage, hope and life.
Let children grow up in the family which is full of love.
Being a mature person has nothing to do with Physiological age, but mainly depend on your mental age.
For my part, a mature student is marked by the qualities of optimism, determination and responsibility.
First, optimism is one of the most important qualities of a mature student.
Optimism means having an optimistic attitude toward daily life: wearing a smile and keeping good mood every day; when running into difficulties or setbacks, you actively meet with these challenges rather than escaping from it.
Optimisim means being a happy person.
In addition, a mature student calls for determination.
That is to say, set a goal and go for it persistently despite hardships.
If you want to pass an exam, you should prepare for it ahead of time and make a study plan.
Then, you carry out your plan with determination---- doing exercise, reading articles and learning vocabulary.
It you want to lose weight, you also need a plan.
You need to resist a great variety of snacks, eat less and do more exercise.
Following the plan in the early days is easy, but persisting it for a long time really need determination.
Last and utmost, a mature student should carry on their responsibility.
As a student, being responsible means dealing with study and health properly.
First, you should work hard and do what should be done well.
Maybe you cannot become top student in your major, but you should try your best to work hard.
Besides, you should learn to take care of yourself and pay attention to your health to let parents settle down.
Eating properly and exercising regularly show responsibility to your own body.
In conclusion, being a mature student call for many qualities, but the optimism, determination and responsibility are the three most basic characteristics of them.
You are already a mature student.
The development of tourism can promote local economic growth.The majority of Chinese tourist city is located in the economic developed area.The arrival of the tourists could strengthen communication.The development of tourism can provide a large number of employment opportunities for local people.
But with the increase of the tourists,the cultural relics gets more and more serious damage.And some people's uncivilized behavior brings bad influence to the tourist areas.As we all know China has a very rich tourism resource.Because of shortage of funds, we cost less money on historic preservation every year.
How to deal with the contradiction?We can limit the number of visitors.Furthermore,we can publicize the protection of cultural relics.In fact,cultural relics resources is the tourism resource.We should not damage the cultural relics to develop tourismge.Only in this way can we get the better development of tourism.
Traveling is not only an effective way for people to ease tension in daily life and work, but also a direct way to explore the wonder of the world and other cultures.
Nowadays tourism has become a very largest industry.
However, many people maintain that traveling creates not only the development of the local economic but also destroy of the historical relic.
I think there are some valid points in this argument.
By the increase of tourists more people will eat, drink and stay in local hotel, this will directly lead to the rise of local economy.
Besides the tickets for the beauty spots, people from other places always want to buy souvenirs from the local residents, this will be a extra income for local inhabitants.
But there are always two sides to everything.
As more and more people come and go, many culture relics have been destroyed by those people badly.
Some people like to chisel there name or other things on the walls or tree trunk, they don't think of the protection of the public things.
So, wonderful as it seems to be, the negative aspects of developing tourism can not be overlooked.
But these do have some ways to solve the problems: anyone going to visit a beauty spot should be taught to cherish things there; another thing is to establish the system, then strengthen the management, and severely punish those who do not obey the rules.
Otherwise a well-intentioned tour may turn out to be a nightmare.
Welcome to China,we students are expecting to see you!I am L,monitor of Class One Grade Eleven.As for you are arriving in China,I have something to tell you which may help you having a good time.To fight against Tianjin's cold weather,you should prepare some thick trousers.In Tianjin,you can enjoy all kinds of delicious food,so you wouldn't worry about what to eat.As an exchange student,you will have class with all students in our class.As far as we are a friendly family,I think you can fit in us in no time.We sincerely expect we can play basketball although so that we can become good friends and have fun.What's more,we look forward to listen to you making a lecture about America.In the end,I hope you would have an unforgettable experience in China.
This paper argued that there was no need of the "fast track" policy which the British Administration was pressing for.
The author's conclusion was based on the effect brought by the NAFTA and the WTO.
The NAFTA and the WTO lead to the growing trade deficits and job losses, which was proven by a great deal of data in the paper.
The growing trade deficits and job losses, the job losses across the U.S., the trade deficits in different industries and with partners all indicated that the present policies was not helpful to economies.
Above in all, the author considered the NAFTA and the WTO had hurt U.S. economy a lot.
Unless new trade deals and a free trade system are set up, the 'fast track' wouldn't take effect.
I am a girl aged 18 and I come from huanggang.
Now, I am studying at YunYang Teacher College.
is primary education.
I will make a teacher three years to come.
I am outgoing.
In my free time, I enjoy sports like basketball, volleyball and so on.
I like them because they can bring me joy and make me feel relaxed.
I like math very much.
So I will become a math teacher.
I like English language, too.
But I am poor at English, I will study English language hard.
For example, I read English books loudly in the morning.
And I listen to English radio and English music, watch English movies.
I will also speak English with my pupil.
I get along very well with all my classmates and roommates.
Sometimes, I surf the Internet searching for useful information.
I will woke hard, get good grades.
So this is me, liuYu Zhen.
I think that parrots make the best pets.
Parrots can live for up to 50 years.It's easy for us to keep a parrot.Nearly all parrots are pleasant and they aren't noisy.
Although parrots lie around,they can understand your expression.
They will make you happy if you feel angry or lonely.
Besides,parrots are really clever that they can speak as well as child.I Think it's interesting for owners to speak with them.
Parrots can sing well.When you wake up,they will show a good song for you.
For these reasons, I believe that parrots make the best pets.
As the development of the times,it is no strangers to play games through the Internet.Particularly,the university students are addicted to it.With the advent of this phenomenon,different people have different views.
Some people consider that the students won't study carefully when they play games.Playing games only can delay their learning.The parents and schools are really worried about it.They may think that learning specialized knowledge is the most important than anything.Morever,the computer games is a virtual world which seem of no avail.But others think that playing games can make lots of friends who have no secrets.The student perhaps have some pressures but have no one to talk to.They can communicat to others through the virtual world to relieve stress.
What's more,it is also a mean to save money.If we are free,we may go shopping.Playing games is a good method to rich our leisure times.
As far as I'm concerned,a way of entertainment as computer games are,we still need control the time of playing reasonable.Let computer games become our life helper really.
According to a questionire on "ways of obtaining informaition " We know the people for TV and newspaper differfnt ideas.
what we know is almost senen_twe percent of the people through the TV access to information ,only twelve percent of people through the newspaper understand world affairs.In my opinion ,the newspaper is a more desirable some of inpormation.And ,Below is my point of view.
Firstly.news reports more depth than TV news.Making people more than understand the surface of the event.Secendly.Reading the newspaper is not limited by time .making people there is a deeper understanding .And not just the "heard".
,Third.Reading the newspaper to move the brain,be helpful for the development of intelligence.
So in my opinion,we also shold pay more attention to the newspaper reading,dont'n hoking to listen to the news reports.
From ancient times till today, love is an etenal topic in our life.
We all know, love is the nature of human beings.
Romeo and Juliet's love story is widely known, they are images of true love, symbol of faithfulness.
From their love story, I saw the beautiful and pure love.
When Romeo met Juliet at first at a ball, he was deeply impressed by her beauty and deeply in love with her.
Their love is serious and their love is not can be beyond.
But two of them family has a profound hatred, often conflict frequently, therefore, their love was opposed.
Finally, their love overcame the feudal parents' prejudice and oppression.
But this ending was at the cost of their life.
In my humble opinion, love needs us to study, we want to love somebody and we learn to love everyone.
Love is a magic thing, it has great power to conquer everything, but you'd better know how to face it rightly.
And then, love is to share, not only your happiness, but also your sorrows and pities.
At last, that is the most important, love is tolerant, whatever shortcoming he has, only it doesn't relate to the principle, you can tolerate, which will make your life more happier.
On csmpus, lovers can be found here and there, they are very intimated with each other.
But keep in your mind, do not force yourself to have a love relationship just for practising or even envying your friends around you have boy friend or girl friend.
Real and authentic love will come.
There is no doubt that study is more important than any others to our college students.
My mother is gentle and helpful.
She is always helping others.
She takes good care of me at many aspects of my life and study.
When I'm in junior and senior high school, my mother got up early every morning to prepared breakfast for me.
My mother has too much to do in bringing me up.
As my family is not rich enough and my mother has to do a lot of works.
She gets up very early and sleeps very late every day.
She works very hard and never complain.
My mother is also a thrifty and industrious woman.
She saves every penny that she can to keep everything in order.
As she has been busy ever since she was young, she looks older than she really is.
Her face is wrinkled, her hair becomes silver white, some of her teeth become movable.
But she works as hard as ever.
My mother often says to me, " work while you work, play while you play.
We must do it well and always keep it in our minds.
Since when I had my own awareness, I dreamed about a job that I could travel all over the world.
And by now, I know the beauty of food, so I made up my mind to be an occupational gourmet and traveler so that I could make a living by travel and eat.
That sounds really nice.
Imagine that you settled down in a strange city of a strange country after that you set off for food.
No matter which native restaurant you walk into, it would be the place you work today.
Sometimes you would have a delicious supper sometimes you might not find a good restaurant, but the travel experience was also valuable.
All you need for work was to write down where have you been and what have you eaten and what do you feel about it.
No one would refuse such a job like that.
In fact, the liberty of life is what I actually dream about.
Our new pupil jack,comes from American.
He is handsome young boy with thick classes and is of plump.
He becomes popular among the students because he is humorous and outgoing.
And he is very enthusiastic.
When we had trouble of English,we will find him because.
He's really willing to help us.
He speak very fluently,so we have a very great communication with him.
He plays basketball very well so we are willing to play with him.
He is very serious about learning But we believe that he makes great progress by his own effort and our help.
we really like hi.
He's been the best.
In some students'views,we should get online frequently.In their opinion,the Internet makes it possible for us to access new knowledge.Via the Internet,we can not only make progress in study but also broden our minds.Nowadays,it is important to keep in touch with the changeable world.And the Internet offers us a perfect chance.On the other hand,it allows us to share our ideas with friends easily,on the other hand,we can also relax our selves through it.
But some students disagree.They think that we are not supposed to surf the Internet.It is well-known that with the technology developing,it does harm to us.The Internet is just a simple example.It is the reason to why more and more people wear glasses.What's more,getting crazy about chatting online and playing also gets in the way of studying.It can take us lots of time and energy so that we have no time to care about others in our lives.
In my point of view, it is good to surf the Internet frequently.But we should make sure that we are under-control.In other words,we should put the Internet into good uses.
As we know,we study in groups are very important in modern society,so we should realize the importance of teamwork,to train the ability with others.
The team spirit is the embodiment of individuals in team.The core of team spirit is the unity.Everyone's life is not independent.The team spirit promotes us to work better.
On teamwork,we can discover disadvantages.
We should learn to cooperate with each other on the team.So first you should have an aim.In order to come true it,you should do the best you can.Second,you never give up whatever has happened.You should believe you and your team.Where there is a will,there is a way.In the future,we should better work together on the team.
Nowadays,many school requires students to evaluate their teachers.Maybe,they want to give some advice to teachers by this way ,and improve teachers' ability in their job.In some people's eyes,this is a good method to encourage teachers,but there are still many people thinks encourage teachers in this way is not so good.Every teacher have their own ways to educate their students,they have a system,and this system is faced with the most students of one class.In anther word,most students can adjust this way.But every class have one kind of students who can not accept the way their teacher treat them to.So,their evaluation of their teachers is probably not really good.
In my view,students evaluate teachers is meaningful and necessary.It is democratic.But their evaluation must be reasonable and equitable.
Teachers should combine students' advise ,and adopt some excessive counsel from students.
Their system can not relate to every student.
So we should have a forbearing attitude to our teacher.
Now, English is Chinese student's compulsory subjects.
From the onset of primary school, Listening Speaking Writing and Spelling is basic.
Among them, the most important I think is spelling.
But, many students don't attention to spelling.
They think that is not important to spend time on it.
But, Spelling is the base of writing.
I think there are several reasons.
First, many students don't really like this subject; however, it is the school of necessary subject, therefore, have to learn.
But, they don't know your suitable learning methods.
Secondly, some teachers do not attach importance to students' construction of new words.
Finally, many students learning English in order to pass the exam.
Therefore, they do not believe that the spelling is very important.
I think first of all to mobilize the enthusiasm of the students.
Let them know the importance of spelling.
At the same time, the teacher gives the students some memories of words.
In order to improve the students' spelling level.
My best friend welcome to our country.
The great wall is empar who used many years and spent a lot of energy buiding it.
If he come here ,I will follow him around the great wall.
This is the place where I'm very pround,and it's alao an interest place.
Except that ,the length of the great wall is long ,which is one of it famous for.
Of course, I will invite my fiend to walk it on his own, this will help him to have a deep insight of the great wall, this can also let him know the long histoy of China, and he will know more ahout the culture of China.
In contrast,he will find the sprits of chinaese is so admireing.
The last but not the least , I will also have a detail descriping of the great wall and let him konw more about the county that has a fifty handred years history.All of that is why I will invite him to visit the great wall.
Those days,the weather becomes more and more cold.The air is gray and some times it is rains.Every day, You will hear the sound of the wind tapping on the glass and the leaves also fallen from trees.
So,people have to wear heavy coats and many people don't want to go outside.They can't stand of the cold weather.So,many people don't holp winter come.
But,in my opinion,winter is a beautiful season.In winder,we can see snow falling in the air,and it looks very beautiful.So,snow can make the world become more and more beautiful.
When winter coming,we also can make many games.For example,we can have a snowball fight,build a snowman and do other things.
All in all,I love winter.So,I look forward to winter coming.
Nowadays,with the quality of life becoming better and better,computer are almost equiped by every college students.Unfortunately,many college students use computer to play computer games instead of learning.
Every university provide network for students,they hope that it can help students learn well.However,many students just play computer games.They usually stay up in night to play games,which make them in low spirit on next day class.Even some students are absent from class.
This influence the students'study seriously.
So,the school should control and limit the time of network.The teachers can strengthen the control and manage.As we college students,we can not be addicted to the computer games and should arrange the spare time resonablely.
Everyone have dream, but not everyone can come true it..
Many people think there are some troubles to accomplish their target.
If they have difficult in the way of life, they may give up.
At the same time, they didn't succeed, because they may be lack of confidence.
As far as I am concerned, people need more confidence to realize their dreams.
As the saying goes, there is a will, there is a way.
Sometimes we ought to believe that we must succeed, although it is a way with pain and tear.
If you think you can, you have pass the half.
My name is X.I come from Y.I really like to meet new people,because I'm glad to chat with them.
In my spare time,I like reading books,listening to music and running.Of course,I love riding my bike on the weekend.I hope that I can improve my spoken English through the college study,which I can communicate with foreign people easily.Besides,I hope I can improve my hearing,reading and writing skills.Try my best!
My dream is that I can travel all over the place of China one day.Just do it!
I know your problems in your email.
In this email, I will tell you the ways to improve your problems.
First of all, I suggest you write down the words that you can't remember yet.
What's more, I wouldn't like you to remember a lot of words each day.
Because it is not only let you not relaxed, but also let you can't memorize them well.
So, this is a good question.
In my opinion, I would like you to memorize Just 4 or 5 words each day, that you can fun to memorize every words Maybe you can write them in a piece of paper, which you can write down the words, that is a good way, too.
Those two ways is easier to memorize words.
And don't forget to review the words you have remembered, three days do that is good for you.
Next, you can make a plan, what is about every day you learn the words.
You can write the words that you can't remember very well on it, and choose a special day to study, you can use my first suggestion, to check them on the Internet, or you can have your own ways to learn them.
You can record today plan's words to the computer.
And take the plan to the way is far from you.
Than you can have a dictation.
Next, play the record and you write down the words in your book, if you finish, you can check them with your plan.
Don't forget to have a big review with you 3 days words you have learnt.
This is a good way to memorize the words.
Take my suggestion, and choose 4 or 5 words each day to learn.
And I hope you can successfully break your problem.
I will remember you, the good "student" of me.
Recently,blog becomes more and more popular.What's more,more people use it to express their feelings and communicate with others from anywhere.
Why is blog so popular?Firstly,it can apply to anyone.People can establish their own style of blogs to show themselves freely.And many people can watch others' work in which they are interested.Secondly,they can meet with varieties of people through blog.And they can contact through it,even become good friends.In addition,it is openly to people anywhere and about any topics.Most important,there is no excessive limitation for people to apply for it.
However,coins always have two aspects.Although it offers many convenience in many ways,it arises some problems.That is,its excessive freedom causes many spread vulgar contents and leads to business problems.So healthy blogs rely on everyone to protect.
I'm Zhang peng.As you asked about Spring Festival,I will talk about the traditional culture.
Spring Festival do means a lot in Chinese people's heart.It is the most important time of the year.Family members who are far away from home come back home,staying together ,having fun.
People buy couplet and firecracker before Spring Festival comes.We decorate our home with couplet and paper-cut.We buy different kinds of nuts and many new clothes with bright colour cause that's a symbol of good luck.
During Spring Festival's eve,adults make lots of delicious food that regularly we don't eat.Kids play firecracker outside,firework is so beautiful.At midnight,the whole family stay together eating the rich meal and welcome the New Year's coming.It's a happy time for all of us.
Now,I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
Changsha Topglory Chemical CO, .Ltd.
(CTC), founded in 2005, is a commercial company focused on the business of both organic and inorganic chemicals, plays as one of the leading chemical trading companies which provides professional services in Central China.
The business of CTC, divided into Domestic Business Department and Overseas Business Department, covers most part of China and more than 20 countries and regions.
CTC has built a long-term and sustainable cooperative relationship with a series of forestry chemical producers.
With the remarkable improvement of people's living standards and advanced science and technology, the varieties and functions of mobile phones have always been increasing.
Apparently, mobile phones are building increasingly an important influence on people's daily life.
On the one hand, mobile phone have greatly facilitated people's lives.
In the 1970s, people used to contact each other by writing letters, which is incovenient.
However, a new generation of smart phone allows us to keep in touch with people when and where we need.
Besides, we can use a mobile phone to share the moments of our life by using social software, which adds much flavor to our daily life.
On the other hand, mobile phones are detrimental to individual health.
According to scientific research, cellphone radiation puts us at the risk of cancer.
What's more, staring at a mobile phone over periods of time can do harm to our vision.
Personally, the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages.
If we use them reasonably, we can reduce their damage to us to some extent.
Nowdays, many students choose to go aboard for better education.
Just because today's word regard knowledge as a thing that can change their life.
So going outside for good education become more and more important .
So let's analyse the benefit and the shortcoming of attending a college in a foreign country .One hand attending a foreign country for better education can strengthen our ability of living outside all by ourselves.
Second living outside can enhance our eyesight ,let us know more people and make friend with then.On the other hand ,attending foreign country mean that we have to leave the place we are familiar with.
And it's obviously that we may feel homesick.
So above all, I think that we student should choose to go aboard after think about all the benefit and the shortcoming.
If we need to go outside for better education, we should overcome all this shortcoming.
My father is 44 years old.
He has short hair, big eyes and a small mouth.
He is my best friend.
My father is a business man.
he is very busy.
He doesn't have any holidays or weekends.
Every morning he gets up early too.
He look care of his pigeon .
He likes pigeon very much .
He always tells my mother doesn't forget to care of his pigeon.
He likes my sister more than me .
My mother is 52 years old, but she never tells others how old she is.
My mother is a housewife.
She is tired.
She often gets up very early in the morning and make breakfirst for our.
She is kind to my baby sister and me .
Sometimes I wonder whom she loves more, my baby sister or me.
Both morther and father are hard.
Father supports a family.
Mother take of family .
I want to say them, I love you.
As far as I am concerned, happiness depends on our attitudes.
When people feel very content with all the things they have, they will be very happy.
For example, an infant will feel glad at being teased by his mother.
Because he gets access to the satisfaction very easily, he can easily hold happiness and retain it for a long time.
Nowadays, many young people think that wealth equals happiness.
They think when they own a grand house, a luxury car and lead to a very comfortable life, they will get very happy.
The happiness of such kind of people derives from the very material things.
However, in my view, the means of happiness is the opposite to what they claim.
When people employ all available means to run for the material things instead of mental things, they will be much more far away from happiness.
For instance, in ancient times, many poets in china gave up their abundant material lives and live in the mountainous area.
They supposed that the happiness was the life which could be totally free in spite of poverty and hardship.
Meanwhile, when you offer the children whose parents cannot afford them to continue their school opportunities to accept their education in schools again, they will feel more than a little happy for they are easily to get satisfied.
As a result, tough we cannot choose our external conditions; we have the authority to keep our eyes on the good aspects of our lives.
So it is ourselves who decide whether we are happy.
To sum up, the means of happiness varies from person to person.
For my part, happiness is a self-satisfaction other than houses, cars and money.
At the time when we enjoy all the things around us, we will enjoy ourselves very much.
We have a new English writing teacher this semester who is very slim and looks charming.
There are many differences between she and my former writing teacher.
She always wears leisure clothes like jeans and T-shirt while our former English writing teacher wear designed clothes.
So many funny and memorable things happened in class.
The whole class are curious about what will be done on the first class.
To our surprise, our new teacher called us one by one according to the name list without surname.
Some names are so funny that we almost fell off our chairs laughing.
Meanwhile we feel extremely relaxed and comfortable, and she always emphasis that we are good friends.
I respect her very much and regards her as one of my best friends.
Some other things happened in her class.
One day, she asked us to describe one of our classmates and then hand in.
After that, she distributed all the descriptions to each students, and let us guess who are the one, that's very interesting.
And to tell the truth, I described my English writing teacher.
All in all, I adore my English writing teacher, and I hope I could have a good relationship with her.
As a senior high school student, I was always suffering from failure in tests.
Someone thought that failure was terrible and even hated it.
you didn't do anything for solving the problems.
So many classmates make little progress in the terrible exam.
As all we know that Failure is the mother of success.
Therefore, we should take an active attitude towards failure.
The more failure we suffered, the more progress we made.
Failure encourages us to face failure bravely.
So we should take a correct attitude to defeat the failure.
In my opinion, the most important thing is working hard.
In any case, try your best.
Teaching in Chinese or teaching in English has bothered many people in our education system.
Upon close examination, it can be seen that teaching in has a lot more merits than teaching in English.
First of all, teaching in Chinese is familiar to the students, since their first language is Chinese.
This helps them understand the material better and quicker.
Secondly, teaching in Chinese promote our own culture, and constantly reminds them of the virtues of our state.
Lastly, teaching in Chinese help not only to understand English, but also help younger students to understand Chinese, which is very important in education.
In my opinion, firstly, you should be active in English class.
When you answer question in English, you are practicing your spoken English.
So take every opportunity to speak English in class, is very important.
Secondly, you should watch English programs as often as possible.
That is a good way to practice your listening.
You can find many English program in CCTV Channel.
Trdly, read English texts aloud in the morning, please.
Reading aloud is a good way to practice both your speaking and listening.
In ts way, you can improve your pronunciation a lot.
Personally speaking, you should find a good partner to practice your oral English.
Whenever you meet each other, speak English.
Thus, you have more chances to speak English outside class.
All in all, if you want to improve your listening and speaking skills, just practice every day.
Hope School has made a great devotion to the education of our nation.
Many students from far places can go to school to learn some t basic common sense.
However, Hope school has a big problem for it to solve.
Many Hope Schools in many areas have been deserted.
They have these causes.
Firstly, they are in lack of planning and forecasting, the development of society and the change of population.
Many places have no necessary to have a Hope School.
In my personal opinion, we should make the most of these places.
We can build hospitals or make a place for villages to sing and dance.
The local government must take charge of these places.
If we make the most of these places, people there can have a better life.
I found a phenomenon that if there is a new and very expensive product turn up,like iPhone6,many students will follow the trend of buying.And even the family environment of students in general.It's so lrrational.We can find that university students'pursuit of famous brands is quite popular.
Many people are oppose to it.
I am also completely disgusted with this phenomenon.We should know it's hard to make money for parents.As a son or daughter,we should share the pressure with them.As a student,we should be thrift,we should carry forward the traditional virtues of the Chinese nation.Maybe the product of famous brands are in a good quality,But do not represent the general brand products of poor quality.We often fall into the comparisons of the bad habits.Thinking of your parents, thinking of their hard.What should we do?...
Nowadays it is necessary for us to take in knowledge well.However,it is also essential for us to have good quality.So not only should we improve our learning ability,but also we are able to attach important to our quality.Such as looking after our parents,being honest.
In this way,we can treat ourselves in a right way.If we find our own shortcomings,we should correct them in time.On the contrary,we should also give full play to our own advantages.Besides,we can have a sense of loving our country and make contributions to society.What's more,if we have good quality,we will have strong minds and make our dream come true.Next respecting for others and doing things in polite show that we have good quality.
There are so many significant influence for us to have good virtue.So everyone has something you need.We should learn from each other and develop our quality.Only in this way can the quality of each person improve gradually and can we lead a harmonious and wonderful life.
If there is a possibility that I can visit a European country,I will choose Switzerland.Let me introduce this country.
Switzerland,a developed country,is located in the centre of Europe.
It has a population of about 7.5 million,covering an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.It has a capital city called Berne.In addition,the famous city of the world,Geneva,is also situated in Switzerland.
The country which are next to the Switzerland are Austria,France,Italy and Germany.The views of Switzerland are beautiful and amazing.So it is named after "The garden of the world".
The country is also famous for its local business.Watch,chemical and food industry there are well developed nowadays.
