If we sort out recycle waste before throwing them away, the amount of rubbish will be reduced.
No matter for the economy or protecting environment is good, so it has great significance to the waste sorting.
This summer holiday I went to seaside.And I enjoyed myself.But in my memory,the best thing is swam in the sea.
That is a sunny day,and my parents and I went to seside,I'm so excited that jumped into the sea as soon as I got there.The water was very clear only a bit cold.I flet I was a fish in the sea We played ball games in the sea.Everybody looked very exciting.
I said.So we started a exciting match.What a pity!
My dad was the champion.But we were very happy.
This summer holiday brought me many interesting things .And I was so intoxicated with the spirit of these.
Honesty becomes more and more important in recent years.
A great many of social problems are related to dishonesty.
If 1% of people be more honest, the whole society must achieve great and bravo effect.
A businessman who sells fake products will lost his customers at last.
Because of his dishonesty and strong desire of money, he will never be trusted by his customers.
At equally, a student who cheat in the exam have got to face severe criticism and punishment.
A professor who crib one's articles maybe never be respected by others.
It's well known to us that, honesty is a kind of virtue at all.
If you are honest, your manager and friends are all trust and respect you.
It certainly pay to be honest, I suppose.
Friends not always stay with you,but they always stay with you when you need some helps or feel upset.
When I was a senior high student, I feel stressful and upset sometimes owing to a large number of home works and tests, which made me want to give up.
During this time, my friends encouraged me that made me pluck up my courage and move on.
They suggest me that I relax myself by listening to music or hanging out with friends when I feel disappointed.
Due to their concern, I ended up plucking up my courage and moving on as before.
Not only did they light the enthusiasm of my life but gave me countless hope.
If it were not for them, I cannot do successfully now.
There are many people in my life,which act various roles.My teachers teach me scientific knowledge,my friends share my happiness and sorrow,my lover give me warmth especially in the strenge city.But it is because my mother gave me life that can i enjoy the love and the niceness in the world.
I love my mom,becauese she is the man who love me most in the world.She is always replying my mistakes with tolerance time and time again.She will give me all she has whenever and wherever i need.I grew up happily under her meticulous care.Too much her giving makes even makes me take it for granted.My childhood was full of love and happiness because of her.In a word,all i have now is supposed to thanks for her.
My great mom, i love you so much.
Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defense.
We should not consider anyone who innocent until it can be proved that they are guilty.
If they are accused of a crime, they should always have the right to defend their selves.
Nobody has the right to condemn them and punish them for something they have not done.
Such as there is someone who lost his thing, we cannot consider anyone steal it if you do not find it from him.
Even though he is a pilfer, we also should give a chance to him to explain that the reasons to the public.
As far as I am concerned, "Innocent until Proved Guilty" is important for us to respect the fact.
As we all know ,the earthquake is a serious disaster .It can let us lose lives .
So that ,how to prepare for the earthquake is a very important problem.
Here are some my opinions,First , we should have supplies of water and food in the home and at work .It's also necessary to store some water.So it can help us to keep life when we be covered under the ruins.
Second,keeping a fire extinguisher handy.We should have one at home ,at work ,and in our cars.Because the earthquake can damage the gas lines,so it's easy to having a fire disaster.
Third ,storing some warm clothing and comfortable shoes in the home .If there is an earthquake ,there would be lots of broken glass on the ground.So the suitable shoes can protect our fetes .Besides,the warm clothing can defense the clod weather when in a cold day.
In a word,making a correct prepare for the earthquake ,it's the only way to protect our lives.
The invention of the cell phone has brought great convenient to our life.But at the same time,it also give us a whole bunch of problems.
Some people think,we spend a lot of time in play on the cell phone,it will cause the gap.We lack of communication.
In my opinion,we rely too much on the cell phone.If we use the cell phone to communicate with other people for a long time,we will be more likely to make spelling mistake or ambiguous expression.Don't rely too much on the cell phone.Don't let the cell phone bound our life.
Now we are in the information age,some person often complain that information explosion distracts them.
There is no denying the fact that the new information age brings us many convenience.We can get enough information just sitting in front of the computer.In spite of this,we will also for an incredibly large amount of information and confusion,worry,upset,sadness.For example,when a search for something online,people can easily be irrelevant information interference,forgetting the original plan.In addition,some information is often useless,in fact is advertising.Therefore,it can be time-consuming and troublesome to search information on the Internet.
Then what can we do to avoid being distracted by irrelevant information?Here I have some useful skills.First of all,in your search,list the information you really need.Secondly,We should find some trusting and professional website then save and classification.In this case,you can easily leave some advertisements and useless information.
Recently, shopping on the net has risen in popularity.
A miraculous group of persons debate a lot about this.
Some keep a positive heart when facing it and think of it as a main style in the coming days.
Just clicking the keyboard, and you will get anything you want.
Moreover, you can purchase a lot of things cheaper than the same thing sold outside and you never need go around for favorite goods for several hours.
With so many advantages, so many persons' standing for online shopping is out of question.
However, there are other views.
Indeed, online shopping brings us quite a lot of advantages, and it has quite a lot of shortcomings as well.
We can't judge it whether a genuine product or not.
We can't bear the complex service of refunding when unsatisfied.
Each coin has both sides.
When the convenience of shopping online makes us joyful, at the same times we are troubled a lot.
There is no doubt that online shopping is a tendency towards modern life, and we should experience it.
When addicted to the countless goods, we should calm down, figure out the basic information and other's evaluations about the same product.
Only then, you will consider it a delightful way to purchase your lovely things.
To be a Good Listener.
Not only need good at word, but also should learn to listen.
For example, parents through listening with children to understand childern's thought and clear up the generation gap.
Teaches through listening with student to know what students want and need.
Shcoolmate through listening with each other to build up friendship and good to study.
First,you should not interrupt other speaker, whatever he said.
Second to be staid and patience is also improtant.
Third you can talk with the speaker what you think about his speak and exchange the idea with each other.
Being a Good Listener is not easy but it is important for us.
On the process of society,only-child families has become a serious problem.Some people think that child from only-child families have more merits than shortcomigs.Fistly,they value free will and will not accept orders blindly.Secondly,they love trying out new methods and are full of creative ieads.Thirdly,they have a thirst for upgrading their knowledge.Last but not least,they expect others to treat them as indispensable partners of the team.
However,some people claim that the only child have more shortcomings than merits.For example,many show much dependence on parents.And some never learn to do elementary household chores.It iseven worse that most tend to be spoiled,irrational and self-centered.They are "the little emperos" in families and schools.
As far as I know,their merits and shortcmings are equally "eyecatching".Commenting on the only children is a science and an art as well.Their progress should be reviewed.School,families and society must give them room to use their creativity,skills and ideas.In a word,don't lavish them with too much concern and material goods,or "the little emperors"today will not be their own masters tomorrow.
In the recent years,the safety of the food in our country continues to grow in very troubling numbers.Such as illegal cooking oil,tainted milk,chemical additives and so on.
Firstly,the food which is not safe is bad for our bodies.The second,it brings to the consumer economic losses .On the one hand,the unsafe food reduce the integrity of the industry.On the other hand,it is also the trampled on social morality.
As a common people,we should improve our food safety awareness.When we buy food,we should go to normal bazaar and choose carefully.Besides,we can strengthen the attention of food safety news.And when we encounter food safety problems,we should maintain our own consumer rights and interests.
In a word,we should strengthen the legal system construction and improve the operator integrity awareness.
You will begin with your real college life after the military training.
As a college student, you will find the difference between high school and college.
For instance, you will have more free time to do what you want and there is no body order you what should you do.
At the beginning of college life,maybe you will feel confused about how to arrange your study and free time.
As a senior student, I have some experience on how to make college life significant and valuable and I hope this experience can light the road where you will move on.
As this follow is my some suggestions on how to control your college life and I hope that can really help you spend a wonderful college life.
Being a student, there is nothing more important than study so you should pay attention to your major classes and try your best to control the professional skills.
What's more, you should learn about other knowledge such as literature, philosophy, art, science and so on.
The more knowledge you know and the more successful opportunity you have.
Except study, you should find some part-time jobs because these jobs not only make you be independence from financial support from your parents but also make you learn some social skill such as how to get along well with your workmates and boss, how to improve your quantity of jobs.
There is the same important thing to tell you that is an emotional problem.
It is a normal thing for us to fall in love with someone in college.
If you do meet your right person, please regard your relationship as the invaluable treasure and i hope you will be happy forever.
In other hand, the person who does not love you, you can give up and be his or her friends but don't be a stranger because we need to expand our entertainment circle in college life.
These friends can help us a lot after graduate college and enter to work world.
In a word, you must learn how to arrange your college life and be adapted to college life as possible as better.
I'm Gina.
This is my room.
I'm tidy.
This is my bed.
My hat and quilt are on my bad.
My bed is very clean and tidy.
My books are in the bookcase.
My dictionary is in the bookcase too.
My keys and radio are on the desk.
The picture on the table is our family photo.
My pen is on the notebook.
My notebook is under the pen.
My bag is next to the sofa.
My book is under the tape player and my CD is on my desk.
There is a lamp on the table.
It's on my table.
This is my room.
I like it very much.
As the development of reforming and opening, our country 's economic and military strength enhancement, people's thinking has changed.
At present, all walks of life are still full of corrupt phenomenon, especially the part of government officials, and they will no longer be poor people to services, power and money is their goals.
Corruption, corruption is becoming increasingly serious.
In other industries, the hidden rules are more and more.
Looking for a job with the relationship, rich people for violating traffic rules no matter, social morality is to be destroyed.
Cause people to become more and more cold.
It was sad.
It is easy, comfortable life made them do this.
I think to want to change this kind of phenomenon, the government should not only be issued on this area of the law, but also to improve our morality.
People have to act, if can observe, I believe that society will become more and more beautiful.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
The most memorable things in the winter holiday: 1.
Half a year didn't eat screw powder, every day not to eat greasy after come back.
 go home after his play for almost half a month, because my parents and my little sister to go to work, I was six younger sister and younger brother in the school.
After half month, money demand, I have to go to work, so the town looking for a winter vacation work (Wagner clothing salesman), this is my first job in life, I didn't go off work, to more than ten o 'clock every night I open the tram home is almost eleven o 'clock, and even a bath time you eat almost all have no, but I'm lucky, I met in the shop a lot of friends, we get along very well.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buyingcars.The number of people who own private cars is on the rise.
Some people have bought cars of their own, and others are planning to buy cars.
But there have been two quite different views on this phenomenon.
Some claim that there are many advantages brought about by cars.
First, the automobile industry provides jobs for countless workers and strong support for other industries.
Second, if conditions permit, owning a car can make us work more efficiently.
Finally, life will become more convenient.
A car allows one to move freely and with a car there is no need to wait for the bus in the cold or under the burning sun.
However, others strongly object to the increase in developing private cars.
They hold that automobiles will give rise to a series of problems.
In the first place, as more and more cars are produced and run in the street, a large volume of poisonous gas will be given off, polluting the atmosphere and causing actual harm to the health of people.
Next, private cars contribute to traffic congestion so greatly that the advantages gained in comfort and freedom are often cancelled out by the frustration caused by traffic jams.
The last problem is the increasing number of car accidents that have killed and will kill a lot of people in a friction of a second.
In my opinion, although automobiles have been playing a vital part in the daily activities of our society, they also bring us numerous troubles such as more serious environmental pollution, more traffic accidents and more angry consumption.
They drink up huge amounts of fuel and throw out huge amounts of pollutants.
Traffic accidents kill thousands and thousands of people each year and cripple more.
Jams waste our precious time.
Therefore I am against developing private cars.
With the internet development,some new way of communication is appearing.The "Cyber love" is a typical example.
Everything has a good side and bad side.
The cyber love can produce distance beauty,and we also have freedom.
As we all know,we can make many friends by chatting online.The Cyber Love is coming with it.Now,there are two different oppions about it.
The one is acurate love can grow between people who have never met each other,the other is not.If I were asked,I would support the first oppion.
Firstly, I think the acurate love does not grow without contact between two minds.
If they don not communicate face to face,they will never know entirely each other.We know the best way of testing one person is that obseve one"s behaviour.
Only do we,the true love what we want will not be dream.
ce difficulits have they courage and blief to live together .
Then,suppose they have never met each other,the can not understand both sides" family background and life custom.
All in all,I all long stick to my oppion that acurate love can not grow between people who have never met each other.
In my opinion ,I'm against that .Nowadays,an increasingly number of people copy hundreds of songs and TV themes from the net.It's true that if you download the tracks which you want for free, you could only log on to a website.
However,it's important to realize that if people download essays and songs for free,they won't buy all kinds of books and CDs.Therefore the author and singer not to earn money.What's more,we get free downloads for free without permission .Strictly speaking ,we steal essays and songs.
Although some artists give people a chance to download the track to hear new song for free ,it's only appeal people to buy CDs.At all events it's clear that we should pay for the music .
It's worth noting that although people know that free download is illegal ,they still choose to get free downloads.It seems that when people be punished ,they will buy CDs.There is no doubt that we should not download essays from the internet for free.
I"m LiHua,Let me talk about my New Year's day family activities.
New Year's day when I went to my grandparents' house, and where to live for a few days.We all have a family dinner every Spring Festival, after finished the adults will be sitting on the sofa watching TV, and my brother and I will play computer games.After finished in the New Year's day I will visit my friends and classmates, and to sing with them, we don't want to leave after hug.
The short story Lottery is the classic work of famous American novelist Shirly Jackson.
It narrators the story about the person of a small town organized an activity of lottery, and the person who got the lottery would be hit to death by stones for the following year.
The narrator centers on the actions and simple language of each town people from an objective perspective to reflect the blind obedience, less of rationality and cruel coldness of human nature of the whole town people.
The difference between The Lottery and other stories is that there is no clear clue to define who are the leading roles and who are the supporting roles.
In other words, the whole town people is the a complete protagonist.
In the story, the narrator shows us the whole process the lottery activity just like a professional reporter, she described each plot with calm attitude and we could not see any personal feeling or expectation of the writer from any character of the whole town people.
In the small town, the activity of lottery was presented by a man who was named Mr Summers, who had time and energy to devote to the civic activities.
He was a round-faced, jovial man and he ran the coal business, and people were sorry for him, because he had no children and his wife was a scold.
The name Summers has implied us the social status and influences of Mr Summers, he was the owner of the coal business and had power on the whole town people.
Every living summer, he gathered the people together and held the lottery ceremony which cost one human being' life to keep the stupid superstitious saying: lottery in June, corn be heavy soon.
The group of people like Mr Summers had controls not only on the whole process of the lottery but also the economic resources even destinies.
The lottery was only a kind of ritual which was used to blind their souls, transfer their dissatisfy about the real life and take out their anger on the much more unlucky person-t-he lottery winner.
The old man Mr Warner was the eldest person in the town who was supposed to the wisdom in common sense, instead he was the representative of the most fatuous and cruel human beings.
He has been in the Lottery for 77 years quoted what he said: "Seventy-seventh year I been in the Lottery" as he went through the crowd : Seventy seven times.
We can understand from a different view: He has been taking part in killing people to death for more than seventy times.
The luckiness of he could escape from each fe-risk in the lottery has been transformed into huge zealous passion to keep this convention and defend anyone who even thought about abandoning this ritual in head.
The lottery tradition has been kept year by year, there was a human being hit to death year by year, until this year when the narrator reported to us, we still could not see a sign that it would be changed.
With the development of technology, the human beings are stepping into the information society.
However, a variety of problems plaguing the information systems, the importance of information safe becomes the focus of people's concern.
In my view, setting password is a way to keep our information security.
There are two advantages of setting password.
The first and most important strength is that set password can make our personal information safe.
When we want to enter personal information page, we must import the password.
Other people can not get our personal information without password.
That is to say, it is an effective way to avoid information leakage.
Another equally significant advantage is that, as we all know, the more complex password is, the higher security is.
So we can enhance information safe by setting complicate password.
A complicate password should be composed of English characters, numbers and other symbols, and the length is between 8 to 16.
Taking into consideration of all these factors, it is easy to reach the conclusion that setting password is a great way to keep our information safe.
Today, information security concerning a range of problems, we must make our efforts to prevent information leakage.
Only in this way, can we keep our information safe.
A well-known blogger said that it was impossible for Hanhan to write the so wonderful article in New Concept competition.This issue caused the controversy in the society.Although blogger said apologizing to Hanhan soon,Fang said Hanhan did not write the article by himself again.So A battle between Fang and Han began.
Since the issue appeared,Hanhan made explanation in this regard at once.He said that score in New Concept competition was real, though Fang thought his article was not good.The beginning he was extremely angry,he should respond to him.Otherwise readers would think Fang was true.He was not only for his own defense and took the manuscript.He said his classmates could prove him.In the moral aspect he is honest and Fang was personal revenge.
Fang insisted his opinion.Hanhan found others ghostwriter.He said that he was paranoid and you did not know.When journalists talked to him,he felt that Hanhan should apologize .And no matter how he kind of sophistry obviously a teenager these articles were not written by him.When he was a teenager he may not be voluntary.We should understand Hanhan.So Hanhan ought to be honest to admit his mistake.
However,I think we should not be free to have a conclusion.Before making serious conclusion we must be cautious.Nowadays discussion platform is free.So many people can talk freely.But it has many shortcomings.When we need to believe something on a blog,we should learn to choose.Though Fang and Hanhan debated fiercely,I think they should calm down to think about it.Then use evidence to prove it.
Nowadays,an increasingly number of people like pets.
Some people choose to keep cats owing to cats' tameness.However,some people keep dogs due to dog's loyalty.As far as I'm concerned, dogs are superior to cats.
First,dogs are more loyal.What's more crucial is that they can protect their owners.Once there is a danger, dogs would try their best to protect their owners.Moreover,dogs can do housekeeping.
Once dreadful people or strangers entered the house, dogs would bark them to drive them away.
Second,dogs are more tame.
It is easy to enhance our feelings by communicating with dogs.
Dogs are more humanity.When you are lonely or depressed,you can talk to dogs.
Third,there are many types of dogs.
Different types of dog play a different role.Guide dogs help the blind people walk across the road;Collie help herdsmen protect the livestock;Police dogs help policemen solve cases.
In brief, dogs are our man's best friend.
If you intend to keep a pet, dogs are a pleasurable choice.
With the development of economy, People around the world may feel that the climate has been getting steadily warmer and warmer in recent years.
There are numerous causes for this problem.
On one hand, human-related emissions of carbon into the atmosphere is causing, and will in the future cause, significant global warming according to the theory.
On the other hand, the lack of knowledge about the importance of protecting environment hinders the solving of the problem.examda.
It is urgent that immediate and effective actions should be taken right away.
We must do something to avoid these things from happening.
First, we should use more and more clean energy and less oil and coal.
Second, we should go to work by bus or on foot instead of driving.
Third, we should plant more trees.
The most important point is we should make a habit of saving energy in everyday life.
Modern society is becoming advanced increasingly no matter in what aspects,the technique or the human mind.Whereas the old days is full of cruel tortures once,the ancient people were ignorant because of imperfect social system.It also leaded a wrong way for a marvelous quantity of people and brought the dark.
The old society are filled with feudal atmosphere.Take China for example,in old China,the emperor was in the highest position and he stood for right,the civilians depended on emperor and they thought he was always right although he was wrong in fact.They were so bland that nothing can change their minds,and the villagers in this essay just like them,they held the lottery on June 26th each year and the person who got the lottery would be hit to death by stones for the harvest of the following year.
and "the box grew shabbier each year;by now it was no longer completely black but splintered badly along one side to show the original wood color,and in some places faded or stained.
"It illustrates the villagers have held the activity for many years as well as it is obvious that how stubborn these people were.Besides,the scene that old man Wanner snorted and said "pack of crazy fools," to the north villagers as a result of they tend to gave up the lottery.,that is,the people trapped themselves because they had got accustom to the foolish custom and had impacted deeply at the back of their minds.
For another thing,the facticity of democracy in those days,about the relation between democracy and violence.The democracy has a visional sense of existence.Although the idea of democracy was underlined again and again,the potential violence still existed and affected perpetually.For instance,in this essay,"the people of the village began to gather in the square,"and Mr.Summer asked"Anybody ain't here?
and even required Mr.Summer to restart with her children,how selfish the mother was!
as well as "The children had stones already,and some one gave little Davy Hutchinson a few pebbles",from the two sentences,they think kill a people with stones is normal and even want to only took less than two hours so that they can get home for noon dinner.The coldness of people,the ignorant consciousness,and the bloody atmosphere surrounded the village,of course,the old times.
and "Now,I'll read the names-heads of family first-and the men come up and take a paper out of the box",it has been easy to recognize the inequity of female and male,just the men could choose.Above all,the things like this still hide in our modern city more or less.
The violence,the stubborn minds and the fair are horrible,but they just a small part of the torture in the past.And we can't deny these situations could happen in the modern city again,how do we deal with these matters?The key is receive the new thoughts and keep up with the pace of The Times.
There is no doubt that everybody wants to achieve success.
Me either.
To accomplish your goal, the most important thing is outstanding willpower rather than the method.
Liyang kept practising his oral english and spoke out loudly 1 hour every day in the ninth floor of his working site to improve his english proficiency.
Mr.Zhongdaolong insisted on dictation along with the tape on 20 pieces of A4 paper everyday to pursuing success.
Moreever, those giants who made created miracles are having much more determination and willpower than that of common guys.
To make his dream of" The Happiest Place on Earth@ Come true, Volt Disney was refused more than 302 times during his financing from the bank but finally he made it.
The founder of KFC started his business when he was at his 65.
He got peoples comment of "YES" after he was rejected by 1009 times.
There are too many examples proved that willpowers and persistence are much more important than the method.
Therefore, in my unstanding, If you want to make some success in specific filed, you have to firstly cultivate kind of spirit of willpower.
This is the first stop to approach success and also the only way lead to success.
With the strengthening of university students' independence and more free spare time, university students have more recreational choices in spending their spare time.
The entertainment of university students could be divided into four types according to their results.
The first type is extending study activities.
For example, reading extracurricular books, attending an auxiliary class, visiting some museums and so on.
These ways could help students abundant their knowledge and promote the competitiveness of obtaining employment.
The second type is that they do some social practicing activities, like doing part-time job and study under a work-study programme.
More and more students consider that doing these could help them be familiar with the society and pursue the independence, which establishes the basic of their future lives.
The third type is supposed to be the way of relaxing.
By these ways, having a picnic or taking a walk or going on a trip or seeing a film, students cultivate their taste and make their mind and bodies relax.
The last type might be sports exercises.
Some ball games, dancing, martial art, even surfing.
In theses activities, students often can show their vigour, make friends with others and build their bodies.
All types of students entertainment are splendid and necessary.
As students, we should treat these ways correctly.
Madam C. J. Walker was a girl who always losing hair.
She fell so sad that she tried many medicines.
However,none was useful.
One evening she dreamed there is a man who showed her some plants which could let her don't lose hair any more.
When she got up she tried the plants at once.
A few days later her hair grew faster and didn't lose any more.
She was very happy.
A few months later she began to sell the plants as the hair products.
That made her lots of money.
I'm glad to receive your letter,but I'm sorry to hear that you are afraid of the people will make fun of your disability.In my opinion,you shouldn't look down upon yourself.On the contrary,you need to stand up to take part in it.Let me show you an example that a person who with the physical disability as well as you .
As all we know,Helen keller is considered to be one of the greatest deaf and blind women writer and an educator.When she was a small girl ,due to illness lost vision,hearing and speaking ability.But when she grown up,she doesn't given her life up,she tried to study with a good teacher.And she insisted on learning everything as well as a normal person.Not only she educated from the Harvard University,but also she written several novels.She devoted herself to helping the disable and made great contributions to the education.
Thus,we can see that the disable aiso can achieve success.I think it possible to win the prize with you.So,don't worry!Hurry up to join it!
Nowadays, with the development of economic and society, we make the world more beautiful and rich, but it also lead to a large number of problems such as the pollution of the environment and the increasing number of the population and so on.
In my opinion, although ordinary people in the society are supposed to shoulders responsibilities, Famous people shoulder more.
From my point of view, on one hand, most famous people have great positive impact on the society.
They win the favor of the public and many people around them overnight.
So they have the responsibilities to give people useful or advanced idea through TV, books or in the films.
On the other hand, most famous people own their fame and possessions, which make them wealth.
So they have the responsibilities to make a difference in the world.
For example, Bill Gates.the most famous businessman and the richest man in the world.
He make his efforts to make the power of personal computer accessible to ordinary people started the personal computer revolution.
Everyone knows Martin Luther King Jr., who inspired a nation to move toward equality among all races and greater human dignity.
All in all, famous people have the responsibilities to concern our society, they can create new ideas and technology to improve the world, or they also can let more people to take actions to shoulder their own responsibilities.
Only in this way can we solve more problem and make our world more beautiful.
Switzerland,one of the places that I most want to travel .It has a very fascinating scenery,which is known as "The garden of the world ".Now I'm going to introduce this attractive country to you.
Switzerland is a developed country,covering an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.It is situated in the middle of Europe with a population of 7.5 million.The capital is Brene.And Geneva a well known city in the world is also in Switzerland.
In terms of geographical position,there are many developed countries around it,like Austria,France Italy and German.
Helping others is a traditional virtues in our life.
It has a long history about it.
But nowadays people tend to be fraid of helping strangers.
In my opinion, it is our duty to help others who need help.
There are do some points to support my idea.
First, we should set a good example to others.
Such as our younger sister or our children.
We can infect others with our action.
Second, willing to help others is our traditional virtue, we should inherit and develop it.
Third, as far as i am concerned, i feel very happy after helping others.
I think i can gain something that beyond description.
What a great feeling it is to see a smile on other's face.
As an old saying goes, "Give roses to others and the lasting fragrance will ramain in your hand.
Then, we should put ourself in other's position.
we can guess that when we are in trouble but no one want to help us, and we must feel very upset.
As for me, it is no doubt that we should help those disadvantaged groups who are in need.
showing mercy to victims doesn't need any conditions.
However, in order to avoid involving in unnecessary trouble when helping others, we should choose a better way to do it.
What i want to stress is choosing proper strategies is of vital importance.
An old woman sat in front of the mirror and said by herself.She was missing her youngsters and felt lonely.The picture showed a desolate atmosphere.
After having this picture read,it is my feeling that the old woman wants to be cared loved.May not be only this old,but all the olds in the world are looking forward to being focused on.They experienced the ups and downs of life and just devoted most of their lives to their generations and society.It's unfair and unmoral that leaving them in houses and letting them lives by themselves.Everyone should harbor a grateful heart,especially for your parents.
There is a saying that the tree may prefer being calm while wind not subside,the son chooses filial while parents died.It is an incompatible true that our parents are being old while we are growing up.So,don't leave your parents alone.It is no doubted that no other things will be more important than expressing your love to your parents.
When I first see this title,many thoughts occur to me.I hold the view that communication ability is essential.
On the contrary,we went through college entrance examination , so we learned academic performance.It is high time that we should understand communication ability.
Communication ability can teach us how to get along with each other.If you want to survive in the society,this ability is useful.Compus is a good time when we learn the ability.
However,as far as I am concerned,I subscribe to the idea that communication ability is more important than academic performance.In my opinion,chat with others is a skill that we can not learn in the books.We only keep in touch with friends around you ,then you can learn a lot.
On the one hand,this ability does not learn easily.On the other hand,we does not know how to use it correctly.It is obvious that we ought to learn the ability now.
Only in this way can we learn a lot .
I hope that I can enjoy my life and live up my dreams.
It is known to us that the development of economy is proportional to the degree of air pollution.It is a big challenge for us to think how to deal with this phenomenon,especially in cities,but with a low awareness at that time of its environmental hazards,people did nothing except simply let it into the atmosphere.
Do these thoughts true?Actually it is not.
We should not only consider economic issues,but also our health,so we must try our best to achieve the goal that living in a beautiful and healthy country.I personally hold that we should take a heap more frequently than driving.For one thing,people who take a bus is more economical and practical than by cars,so we can salvage this money to buy beautiful clothes or anything we want.For another,people who are fond of sightseeing,it is a good way to watch the fantastic views outside the bus.The greenhouse emission will also reduce.
By and large,take actions for our globe.It is our duty to beautify the environment around us.
Hello,everyone.My name is X.Now,let me introuduce my Winter holiday schedule.
This is my Winter holiday schedule.
According to a survey, recently many of the college student don't have a correct concept of consumption.
They buy the things what they want without considering whether it is necessary.
Even worse, they take it for granted that they spend money from their parents nowadays.
But the reason as follows.
First of all, most families only have one children at present.
Due to the parents' excessive coddling, they give them a lot of money.
They also give their children what they want without hesitation.
In addition, They even encourage them to spend money in order to receive a good living conditions.
So they spend money without considering.
Moreover, some students in order to pursuit fashion, they will spend more money from their parents.
In my opinion, I think it is necessary for a college student to have a correct idea of consumpition.
What's more, consumpition should according to our own needs.
Consumpition should be independent.
And consumpition should adopt to our parents' income and so on.
Today, I'm going to describe this table.
This table is about staff recruitment and turnover amongst the departments.
We get it from Human Resources Department, and the stastics are collected until January 2009.
So, first, Let's have a look on the whole.
We had 140 employees in July 2008, while there were 57 who left our company in January 2009.
Now I will explain it in details.
In R&D department, we employed 10 people, and one of them left our company.
We remained the 20 employees in Administration until January 2009.
There were 4 of 30 staff in Marketing who left our company.
The largest quantity of people who left us were in Production, which had 80 in July 2008, and 52 left the company.
Thanks for your listening.
Nowadays, there are all kinds of exams.For example, the allow of entering university exam and the allow of entering high school exam.Except them, there have civil service exams.
Every year hundreds of thousand of people in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming go vernment employees.
Many people think there is little people can past civil service exams, but civil service can bring a high salry and it also is a easy job.It is a dream for many people.Some people fail many time, but doesnt give up, they think the failure is the mother of success.
Of course, l also think it is a exam which Little people can past.I also consider this work can bring many interests.It is posible that i will take the civil service exams someday.People who want to make it should do enough prepare before exam andhave perseverance also, shouldn't fall by the way.There are a kind of people who often drop, we often give up halfway, we doesnt make it if we like them.
The temperature of civil service exams are going up uninterrupted, because of it is a well-paid occupation.
There are two soft drinks performed relatively well last month in our company, Solo and Fizz.
They are the same can size and they are 330 millimetres.
If we look at the selling price, we can know that Solo is EUR1.05 and Fizz is 85 cents.
So Solo is cheaper than Fizz.
Solo's sugar content is 10 grams and Fizz's sugar content is 34 grams.
So Solo's sugar content compare with Fizz, Solo is lower than Fizz.
The traget market of Solo are all people who are keen on sport, and Fizz are teenagers.
We can know that Solo has the most popular people.The main outlet of Solo are supermarkets and health-food shops.
Fizz is supermarkets for its main outlet.
Let's now turn to sales volume.
Solo is 1,375 in million hectolitres at 1 st quarter and it is 2,215 in million hectolitres at 2 nd quarter.
Fizz is 1,950 in million hectolitres at 1 st quarter and it is 1,600 in million hectolitres at 2 nd quarter.
So Fizz is higher than Solo.
I'm so glad to write this letter to you.
This year, I didn't go anywhere, just I stayed at home and watched movies.
Gave me the deepest impression film is The Shawshanks Redeption.
The hero is very clever and is full of wisdom.
He escaped from the prison after 20 years.
He has precious spirit and it is worth us to learn.
I like him very much.
I believe you will like him too.
In the film, I was moved by so many plots.
Such as they were drinking on the roof.
Everyone of the prison is listening to that music, and so on.
I hope you can learn much from this movie and communicate with me after finish it.
I'm looking forward to it.
OK,today, we talk about to love .
First,love is a feeling each other ,l feel she is a beautiful girl and l love her at first sight,this is love ,now ,the development of net give we new ways of make friends and love ,for example,two of cyber love doesn't know each other ,so in your mind ,she is a beautiful and perfect girl ,this is cyber love .In fact ,cyber love is good ,it can be save much money ,it's a good side .
I believe true love ,but l doesn't believe forever love ,l think love limited by time ,if a couple lost contact long time ,they maybe end thier marriage.
Currently,self-confidence has been more and more valued by people,even as a standard of selection of personnel.No one can deny the fact that self-confidence is one of the most essential factors for success.No matter what challenge you face and no matter how terrible the circumstance you are in,the self-confidence will bring a miraculous change to us.One outstanding person is bound to have confidence,because if you truly believe yourself,you will make every thing succeed.Consequently,cultivating self-confidence is much important for us,especially in contemporary society.
Apparently,one way to develop our self-confidence is to do what you are afraid of and be successful.It is indisputable that if you are afraid of something and always fear of failure,this reflects lack of self-confidence.Obviously,if you can do what you afraid successfully,you will be imbued with confidence to do other things.For instance,when I was in high school,I was afraid of mathematics.It was too difficult to learn very well and always failed in the maths exams.When it came to the grade 3,maths achievement became much more important foy the upcoming college entrance examination.Therefore,I tried my best to learn math well and then when I gained a great success in a simple test.I suddenly felt it is so easy to learn math and all the questions I had ever met were not problems.Finally,I regained my confidence in maths.When I am studying in college,I still feel confidence of maths and succeed in it.
Additionally,confidence is not just about attitude and is not just believing you can do it,it comes from what you know yourself to do whatever you want to do and making effort to do it.Otherwise,it would become arrogant and disdainful.
By way of conclusion,it is personal belief that self-confidence comes from your believing in yourself and work hard for this.If so,you can make every thing come true.
Tony is my best friend.He is sixteen years old.He is short but he is verysmart.Tony is interested so much activity,like music,soccer,computer.He always woke hard.what's more,he like helping students who need help.Tony used to patiently teache me English .we both like he.
Tony is popular in the school.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I was excited as well as worried.
What made me excited was the school I would study in is my dream school, it has many good teachers and the environment of the school is good as well.
But I was not sure if I would get on well with my classmates.
When I got to school, I was glad to find that all my teachers and classmates were friendly.
That made me was not nervous any more and made me feel free and comfortable.
When I left school, I thought I wouldn't be worried any longer.
What's more, now I believe I'll have a good time together with my classmates.
I'm a senior high school student named Li Hua.
Nowadays, iPad has become an absolutely popular tool in our life and it has become a great help to almost all of us.Generally, it's advantages can be seen as follows.First of all, by using iPad, not only can we listen to music but also read text books.Besides, we can play games.
But every coin has two sides.The negative aspects are also appear.One of the disadvantages is that it will waste a lot of valuable time.And it will also influence our studies.To make matter worse, it will do harm to our eyes.
As far as I am concerned, iPad will do us students both good and harm.What matters most is how we make use of it.
People who are familiar with the chinese history should know that women's position is pretty low,especially in fidelity.And this phenomenon was appearance at many counties all over the world,while this phenomena still exists.
women are physically inferior,and mentally intimate.It is not position.
think that will be accurate in the future.
As we all know,a healthy body is very important to us.We can't do anything without a healthy body.As a saying goes,health is the source of revolution.So how to keep healthy is necessary to us.
As far as i can see,we can do many things to stay healthy in our daily life.First,we should do more exercise instead of just stay in the bed all day.We can have a walk or play sports.Second,we should eat healthy food like vegetables and fresh fruit.Having a balance diet will help us more healthier.Finally,keeping a good mood is also essential for us to keep healthy.When we have too many things or stress that affect our moods,we need to relieve negative moods.
We need health.There are also many ways for us to choose.We all hope our life become beautiful and colorful,so we should follow the rules that can make our body healthy.
I am Li Hua .When you watch this message , I have gone .
The reason why I must come to the motherland immediately is my family came across a major condition .
My grandfather was out of condition and he was eager to see me .Therefore I have not visit him for three years since I went abroad .Horever, you are participating in speech competition.
Unfortunately I cannot personally and say goodbye to you .
Please do not angry with me about it .
I make an apology to you for not saying goodbye .
I wish you would win the championship in the speech contest .
I am sure you will see me again in several weeks .
I feel pretty delighted and lucky to have the opportunity to have myself exhibited in such a special way.
To be frankly,every person has his or her own strength and weakness.So do I.In that case,let's simply scan or maybe pay attention to(just all depend on yourself) something real and natural about a big boy.
While I describe myself as a big boy,in fact,I am not that tall,(I guess my height ranks at the average level).It is my age that determine me to be a 'big' boy.Since I'm a grown-up,no longer that naughty teenager,I've been used to appearing more mature in my life,but you see ,sometimes I am still a boy ,the one trying to disobey the principle of school or what someone else has told me,only wanting to do what I want ,or staying at someplace along.It sounds irresponsible,and this is why I call myself a boy.
Of course these sentences could far from telling the complete characters of a person.If saying more about me with several key words,I believe 'optimistic', 'hardworking', 'popular',a little 'selfish',and a bit 'timid' match me best.
To learn chinese well .You should join in the Chinese class in order to learn Chinese well.
on other way you can read chinese newspaper and magazine .For fun.you can watch tv about China .
In today's China .more and more forigners can sing Chinese songs .So I think you must can do it.
It is never too old to learn ,we may read a lot of books in our life ,then some people discuss that "reading selectively or extensively ".
There are two different views.
On one hand ,some people put forward the point that reading is a process of selecting .In accordance with your major ,you can choose different kinds of books .They think it is beneficial to improve your skill and enrich your daily life ,they insist that people should not waste time to read all books ,it is time -consuming .
On the other hand ,some people prefer reading all kinds of books .They insist that the world is developing quickly and human being needs the ability to catch the speed of development ,so people should reading extensively.The way of reading is beneficial to help us know about the world better and broad our horizon.
In my opinion ,I agree with the first idea.The development of society is so fast ,we can not channel our energy into so many things .We should enter into the things that we are interested in.If we notice everything,then not only time run out but also we may not get what we want ,so I call on that we should reading selectively.
hello .my name is mike .i am 12 .i like playing basketball and running.i like help others.in my free time .i always play with my good friends .and i usually help my parents.i like cooking and doing housework.after class i often talk with my good teachers or play with my good friends .i will study hard with my friends and do more chores for my parents .
In my life, I am pretty happy and lucky.
Because I live in a warm, comfortable world that be filled with love for folks, teachers, friends and so on.
First of all, I am grateful for my folks at this moment that they give me a cozy family.
For instance, my mother has great influences on me.
She plays very important roles in my daily life.
She affects me enormously, whose daily behavior and mind.
So it is unsurprising that I have some good qualities, such as honesty, responsibility, and outstanding abilities.
My mother can make delicious food, so all folks eat very satisfied every meal.
I remember clearly that my parents give me every meal when I live in my senior school.
So I am grateful for my folks at this moment.
Second, I have a patient, kind teachers.
For example, correct spelling is a basic skill in English study.
But I do not pay much attention to it and seem to be more concerned with grammar and vocabulary but not spelling.
So I always misspelling.
To change this situation, one of my English teachers is the patient in my spelling.
On the one hand, the teacher asks me to be conscious of the importance of correct spelling from the very beginning of English study.
On the other hand, she works together with me, teaches me the easy way of correct spelling.
Since then, I am aware that correct spelling is a must in English study, work hard and the last I have efficient efforts.
It is the teachers that teach me many things, like knowledge, patience or others.
Finally, I am grateful for many friends that grow up with me at this moment.
They bring me happy and give me some helps.
In my opinion, a friend is a person who can let you feel warm when you are depressed.
So I have many friends.
Like my best friend Alice, she is as old as me.
We are in the same class.
She is good at study.
So her study is very good.
We learn from each other and help each other.
She will help me if I got in trouble.
I will help her as much as I can.
I hope our friendship will forever and ever.
If you understand it and graduate it, you will definitely benefit a lot from it.
So everyone should be grateful for people and with a heart of Thanksgiving.
As we know, there are serveral problems on campus.But, I think the most is that most of the students sink low.We can see that many students go to play game instead of go to the classroom and library.So some actions must be taken to improve the phenomenon.As to me ,the most effective action is ourselves.We must ues more time to read some useful book instead of only playing games.
The article mainly talks about and analyzes the trend that the US venture capital industry emerges in Europe to explore new business, as the domestic market matures.
So far, opportunities and obstacles exist simultaneously .To get succeed in European markets, the challenge is to combine Silicon Valley style investing with the local culture.
Firstly, the author shows us the operational approaches taken by US venture capital firms in terms of their European business, such as setting offices in London and dedicated fund .More examples have been introduced to illustrate their main business focus and show their investment activities vary greatly .Secondly, the author points out that US venture capital style has got stuck in Europe ,for it is hard for American venture capital and private equity firms to perform their expertises due to cultural, political, and institutional difference in Europe .Anyhow, the prospect is promising ,but it requires American VCs to choose correct metrics to evaluate a company's real potentiasl and keep the long term benefit in mind.
So they should think twice before entering into deals although the economic environment is prosperous, and be patient despite of current losses.
Thirdly, it is pointed out that the American VCs can get succeed by filling a gap in start-up investment with their advantages of Silicon Valley style.
Although, at present, European market's conditions are less superior to US markets in term of risk tolerance and domestic market, .confidence lies in the deregulation that may come a bit late.
Good morning.
Being a good listener contributes to making us understand better and getting along well with each other.
Listening is good for not only the speakers, but also the listeners.
From which speakers can relax themselves while listeners may realize a kind of way of life.
When parents listen to kids, they fix the conflicts between themselves.
When teachers listen to students, they are able to meet the students' need.
When we listen to our classmates, we strengthen our friendship while helping each other.
On a personal note, everyone can be a good listener easily.
Firstly, sit down and listen carefully, never be impatient, that's all that matter.
Because just listening their rambling is a type of kind and respect to them.
Secondly, attaching you emotions to the stories while listening, so that you are able to understand what they felt at that time.
Afterwards, don't forget to think about the story and put forward your own point of view.
Thank you for your listening.
When we were young,we saw the deeply love from our parents.Then,we began to expect a perfect sweetheart who will accompany with us enduring.As a girl,I also have some requirements for my perfect husband.
To be my husband,he needn't to be very handsome,but also can't be very ugly.He should be 15 centermeters taller than me and be strong enough.I don't like him looking thin.The color of his skin can't be too white because my skin color is a little black.I don't require him to be wealthy enough,but only can afford our basic living fee.I hope my husband will cook a delicious food for me from time to time.Alao,it is my glad if my perfect husband will be willing to live with me in a small but warm house,we can keep cats and dogs together.We can walk along the street with our pets after having supper.It will be my biggest happiness if he can live with me only common,peaceful and full of love.
My requirements for my perfect husband are very simple.As long as he love and care me,I will be satisfied.I only want to a silent life.I really hope I will have such a perfect husband some day and live with him for a whole life.
Plagiarism does exist through the history of academy,even though you try your best to avoid it.It is inevitable that plagiarism is the common phenomenon because of our ignorance about the definition of it.According to Wikipedia,plagiarism is the wrongful appropriation and stealing and publication of another author's language,thoughts,ideas,or expressions and the representation of them as one's own original work.We can come to the conclusion that any ideas or languages from others without the agreements can be thought as plagiarism.For instance,it is difficult for me to express the idea about one important academic report,however,one of my friends can do it better.It can be discredited as academic dishonesty that I hand in the paper which is re-writed by her,even though she re-writes can not represent the original idea of mine.Secondly,it is necessary for me to emphasize the real writer who gives the idea in the report.
In fact,within academia,plagiarism by students,professors or researchers are considered academic dishonesty or academic fraud and offenders are subject to academic censure up to and including expulsion.Why do so many scholars and countries care about the existence of academic dishonesty?As far as I am concerned,there are three reasons.First of all,plagiarism does affect the development of academy.Secondly,it is extremely disrespectful to someone who makes the true idea.Thirdly,plagiarism may cause the regression in academy because of the plagiarism among scholars,the creativity and the spirits of exploring may disappear with the time going on.
My dreaming destination in Eourope is Switzerland.It is a developed country in the middle of Europe.Switzerland has a population of more than 750 million people.Berne is the capital of Switzerland, situated on the River Aller.Geneva is one of the most famouse cities in the world and is visited by a number of people every year.
Switzerland is bounded by Austria,France,Italy and Gemany.The scenery there,which achieved millions of visiters every year,is beautiful.
The "worldwide garden"--Switzerland is known as the flower there.Because of the moist climate,the flowers are gorgeous.Watch,chemical and food industry are also the world's leading.
Care for the left behind children has been a problem of concern, how to care for children left behind is also a lot of people and parents are very concerned about the issue of migrant workers.
First of all, the society should pay attention to the left behind children, can not discriminate.
In addition, they should pay attention to their mental health.
Secondly, in schools, the school should pay more attention to the character of left behind children.
Schools should also improve their learning interest and quality.
Finally, pay attention to the healthy growth of the left behind children.
Some left behind children due to the lack of parental supervision, easy because of trifle of a fight with others.
Therefore, they should carry out ideological and moral education, teach them how to protect themselves.
Care for children left behind, should have patience, love.
Efforts alone are not enough, but also the children's own efforts.
As we all know,the importance of the newspaper has declined a lot compared to the significant role it used to play.It's not difficult for us to find that there are less and less teenagers who will spend a few minutes in reading newspaper in their daily lives.In stead of getting information from something in print,they prefer to search the Internet to find what they want to know.With the development of e-books,paper productions have been thought of as an enormous polluter,which makes them more and more unacceptable.Meanwhile,the open-access of websites bring convenience to the readers who are in need of abundant and various information.
Nevertheless,no matter how many disadvantages we can point out,there is no denying that the newspaper has been existing for such a long time and the tradition of reading the newspaper is hard to alter.Furthermore,the convenience that the newspaper owns is obvious.It won't take several minutes to unfold a piece of newspaper,but you have nothing to do but to wait when you turn on your laptop.And there is no disturbance if you read the newspaper especially when you are in an air travel.
In a word,it's not hard for us to draw the conclusion that even though the circulation of newspaper has declined,we cannot say the newspaper is coming to the end.
Xian Xianghai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music.He was born in 1905 in Macao,China.He was famous for the song The Yellow River and he wrote it in 1939.he studied in Paris and used traditional Chinese music.people called him"People's Musician".Finally,he died young in 1945.His songs are still popular today.
Nowadays,after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.We are able to take part in many types of activities.For example, I join in club activities because I think that I can get useful knowledge and develop my communication skills through the activities.What's more, I'm interested in doing sports.
I persist in it every day in order to keep fit.In addition, I'm also crazy about watching English films.In my opinion,watching English films can make it easy for us to learn English.
In a word,I hold the view that we should join in some after-class activities which can help us enjoy ourselves or good to our study.
As everyone knows,honesty is a good moral character in China.Everyone would like to respect a person if he or she is honest.
Honesty is regarded to person in the past,and people would like to do something to prove them is honest.Returning the things what did he borrows from others on time,and sent the things which he picked up on the road to the police.Besides,trying his best to do what is promised and so on.Maybe there were some dishonesty,but it's really a small part,even only 1/10000.
However,in today's society there are so many dishonesty instead of honesty.Doing the things which are beneficial to themselves,such as selling illegal products.Promising things which are not his ability but only because of face and so on.All of these phenomena caused there are no trusty among people.
In my opinion,honesty is an important character and we shouldn't throw it.Honesty is not only benefit for others,but also benefit for ourselves.It's a basic line as a person I think.
Athletes participating in the marathon were admirable.
They are very determinable.
In the 1908 Olympic Games, Kim Dare was the focus of everyone's attention.
Kim Dave is a common athlete in the marathon.
running at the front.
Suddenly, he stumbled when he approached the line.
champion.
Meanwhile, the mediciner told him that he can not run.
It is very cruel to him.
Everybody thinks he will give up.
However, he does not give up.
He still keeps running.
At last, he took part in the Olympic Games and won the gold.
His success lies in his belief.
So, I think that where there is a will, there is a way.
Though the development of the economy is very rapid,our environment is being destroyed at the same time.For instance,water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.In some serious areas,people are lacking in water and die painfully.What a pity!
As we all know,our social development is based on destroying the nature.Some works pour the poisonous water into the lakes,rivers etc and the clear water is becoming dirtier and dirtier.As a result,our water resource is becoming less and less.In some other parts,the large quantities of tree cutting have been led to the solid being crashed away.In the end,the solid chokes off the water lanes.That is very frightening if we don't take care of it.
In my view,firstly,we must protect our forests from being destroyed.secondly,we should recycle the industrial and daily water,avoiding pouring into the lakes and rivers.Last but not least,we should try our best to improve the level of science technology to apply it to the water shortage solving.If we finish doing thems above excellently,our water would get clearer and clearer.
Nowdays,with the rapid development of IT and information industry,mobile phone plays a dominat role in people' life.They are completely part of our daily lives if we look at our society.In fact,there are both favorable and mffavorahle.Generally speaking,it is widely believed that there are several positive aspects as follows.
The main advantage of mobile phone is that people can use them anytime and anywhere.with a mobile phone in hand,one can easily get on the net,browsing the useful information,conducting e-commerce and doning whatever one can do via internet.Frutermore,it can also help us with some learning because we can look up the word in the digital dictionary.
Just as a popular saying goes that every coin has two sides,it also has some drawbacks,too.On the one hand,the most problem is elextric wave radiation,which is bad for our health.In addition,some students talk about love affairs through the mobile phone ,which makes them far hind others in study.
On the other hand,another problem is that when people are having a meeting or having class,the ring of the mobile phone interrupt others.
In my opinion,It' not wrong to fllow the fashion but the most important thing is how to use the mobile phone in a right way.we should use the handset reationally do not occupy and inordinate amount of time should not affect our study.
The comper science and technological progress,it is fast to improve our technological development.
The computer come into classrooms that a number of teachers use computer teach students, some people say the computers will replace teachers,and someone says not.In my views,the computers will replace the teachers.
Firstly,the technology developing fast at the moment the social also developing.The computer will have more power and more useful.So, computers replace teachers will achieve in the future.Secondly, computers as teachers the headmaster do not have pay for it,computers do not need to rest and it still has not been feeling ill.What's more,the computers as teachers,it's not only can make the lessons more vivid,but also increased students interest.
Just saying this,modern computers can be teachers in the future,and students may learn more by the computers,it is convenient to us.
As is known to all,we need to read books so that we can acquire more knowledge and have a wider mind.Whereas, i hold the firm opinion that practice makes more.
Indeed, it is vital for us to read books,for books are the steps for us to advance.However,what will happen if we only read books ?It is clear that we will be limited in the world of books and cannot keep pace with the real world.Eventually,we will be shy and afraid of keeping in touch in with others.Therefore,we are supposed to apply the knowledge to practice in case we are abandoned by the fast-developing society.
In my standpiont, practice can make me learn more.As an illustratiin, we travel to foreign countries and we may see various things and learn a lot about the custom and tradition of those countries.What if we just read books instead of travelling personally?We are gonna fail to catch the piont of those wonderful scenes.Since we do it by ourselves, we are pleased to broaden our horizon and have an impressive experience in our mind.
My name is Z .I come from China.
I am 24 years old .
I want to apply for the position of the Chinese language assistant.
I graduated from S Normal University one years old .
I majored in Linguistics.But now I live in Leeds.
I can do the job well.First of all,I am good at Chinese,including speaking,listening,writing and reading.
Then I have some relevant experience.
Thidly ,I am an outgoing person.
What' more,I am good at communicating with others.I'm a patient man.Last but no least I would like you to give me the chance..My telephone number is *.You can call me anytime.
I firmly believe that nothing in the world is difficult, if you put your heart into it .
In today's China,especially in the city,almost every family only have one child.Parents always want their children to live a happy life and have no difficulties,so some of them even do everything for their kids.I know some kids can not wash their socks ,they do not willing to do housework at home.When they go to college,they can't arrange their bed so that their dormitories are in a mess.
.As far as I am concerned,they do not need to worry about it.
When we face some trouble,in the first place,we should try to solve by ourselves.If we can manage to do it,we win and we are growing up.If it is so difficult to settle,we can ask our teacher or friends for help.We can discuss and make a plan.When we learn to cooperate with others,it is a significant progress.
During our four years' study and live,we can be so mature and independence that our parents can set their mind at rest.In my opinion,that is the meaning of collage.
a new variety with hands-free lid opening, say staff at a branch in Tokyo of Bic Camera, a consumer electronics store where Chinese shoppers are so numerous that signs advertise wares in Chinese and assistants speak Mandarin.
These cost around 65,000 (540).
Some bought several seats, including portable, battery-powered ones.
Relations between China and Japan have shown recent, tentative signs of warmth after a long chill.
But only three years ago demonstrators in several Chinese cities called for a boycott of Japanese goods in protest against Japan's stance in a still-festering disputeover uninhabited islands in the East China Sea.
Some people would like to keep a pet at home,such as a dog.a cat or other animals.They think pets can bring us happiness and make our lives more colourful.
However,many people think pets should be banned.They regard pet as a bad thing.They think pets will spread the disease.The sounds dogs bark are noisy.When we walk dogs at street,they sometimes pollute the environment too.Some people even say keep a pet will waste money.
In my opinion,keeping a pet can improve our responsibility.But we should treat our pets kindly and not let them influence others.
suggest that university 's students should be required to attend class,however, other believe that going to class should be optional for students.
As far as I'm concerned ,college students should be required to attend class.
First of all ,whether or not choose the class independently has become a hot topic among people ,especially among the young and heated debates are sparked .
Some people say that going to class should be optional for students .To them , time will be distributed reasonably and effetely .However,everything has two sides and it has both advantages and disadvantages .To be optional for students may make their college life more casual and lazy .
Furthemore , the general situation in china ,parents and teachers participate so much in children's life that the students felt obliged to do the things that had been arranged already and become depend on them gradually .
If students could choose class for themselves ,they will be felt puzzled even do some illegal things against the discipline .In particularly ,some time is used for drinking ,smoking and gambling .Therefore,there is no denying that students should be required to attend class.
It is closely related to the students themselves.
In my opinion, I think it necessary to required the students to attend class .From what has been discussed above ,we may reasonably draw the conclusion that whether it was positive or negative ,one thing was certain :If student's attitude and habits change ,then the policy will also change .
Nowadays,some students not pay attention to spelling what it is English in study.Some problems in English studying appearance's.
However,some reasons lead to the phenomenon.
For example, some students in study English what they often ignore pay attention to speeding.The course of idear lead to them think the spelling is secondary.They think in English studying read is very important.But the words spelling often ignored by thier.So they more times speaking English loud,but they don't know how to spelling.They are so lazy,they tacked the English book but they not to remember the words.
In order to change the tuation,in my opinion we speak English at we should pay attention to spelling for improve our English level.
I'm L,the leader of student union.On behalf of all students,I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to make a speech.Today,I'm going to talk about something that is of vital importance to the competition.
Getting involved in the competition,not only can we improve the ability of speaking English,but also develop the habit of reading.What's more,it has positive effects on being expert at connunication.
Here are some matters that need attention if you'd like to take part in the competition.In addition to doing speaking within five minutes,there's no denying that you ought to be fluent in English as well as pronunce standard.
At last,I'm looking forward to the competition succeed.Best wishes.
As we all know,the environment aronnd us is getting worse and worse.In some places we cannot see fish.Swimming in the river or trees on the hills.Some people even have no clean water to drink.Deforesting and global warming are two serious environmental problems.So i think we must do something to protect the environment.
I think we should throw the plastic bags.Because they cannot decompose in a short time.The plastic bags will make our world worse.We should encourage people to use their cloth bags and baskets.It is good for our environment.
In addition,we can go to school on foot or by bike.Cars need to use fuels.However,the burning of fossil fuels results in global warming.Using bikes can save resources.
Finally,we should not throw the rubbish here and there.Especially,we should not throw the rubbish in the river.
The earth is our home and we have the duty to take care of it for ourselves and for our later generations.Fortunately,more and more people have realized these probleams.
Measures have been taken to cope with these problems by the government.Laws have been passed to stop pollution.I hope the problem will be solved in the near future and our home will become better and better.
Hello,everyone.First of all,thank you for giving me the chance to speak.Now allow me to introduce myself.
My name is J from Tianjin middle school.In order to improve the students' English level, our school established an English radio station is recruiting the announcer.
I want to take part in this activity.I speak English fluently.This activity aim to improve the English level.We can help schoolmates.We also can arrange programmed.We did so in order to make the students interested in English.
With the rapid development of economy, society raise higher request to us.
Therefore, we had better master more so as to seize more opportunities and go through the successful life.
In my eyes, the path to success more than one.
Not only should we attach importance to the knowledge acquired by reading, but also excel at learning by doing.
On the one hand, suitable reading can save our time, develop efficiency and make sure that the knowledge is accurate.
Through reading various books, our ability to think logically and flexibly is cultivated.
On the other hand, the knowledge is much easier to understand and remember by doing.
These experiences enrich our life, broaden our horizons and improve the ability to solve problems successfully.
In conclusion, the one method can compensate for the other.
Only when we are able to read thing quietly and explore thing actively, can we obtain better and harmonious growth.
We are glad to tell you that the goods under the Sales Confirmation NO.J-29 have been shipped by S.S "Pearl" and it will be transported by "Mayflower"in HongKong.Besides, the transaction complys with CFR.We have sent fax to you on March,15,2013 in order to make you insure.
For the college graduates,finding a job is a lot like finding out a match when dating.Personality yours and theirs play a major role.Everybody wants to find out a good job,and a little arm candy does not hurt.In 2015,you can find out your dream job.
For people who want to enjoy a healthy and meaningful life,it is important for people to find an interesting life.
To begin with,be interested in your academic subjects.We can benefit from it.Then,trying to make full use of some new knowledge.People believe that learning lots of skills can promot the chance to succeed.So it is necessary to learn some new knowledge.Moreover,social practice is playing an important role in life.
In this way,it is no question for me to get the ideal job that I am dreaming of.
Europe continues to be a promising market for American venture capital firms, which can be attributed to the interesting, albeit challenging, opportunities to build global companies outside Silicon Valley.
When American venture capital firms arrived in Europe, they presumed to be able to easily capitalize on the expertise they had accumulated.
However, the result was not pleasant, which can be partly explained by the culture, political and institutional differences.
Thus, American venture capital firms should not underestimate their European colleagues.
Instead, they should focus on the early-stage investments in young companies to utilize their own comparative advantages.
In the long run, there are still some obstacles in Europe needed to be removed, such as lack of spirit of entrepreneurship, tolerance for risk and frame of reference.
However, the forthcoming deregulation in Europe will offer great opportunities.
Spring is a season full of energy.During spring everything comes to life.The trees turn green and the flowers come out.After the chilly winter,the weather is gradually getting warmer and people take off the thick clothes to wear the cool ones.Less warm than spring,autumn is a little cold .In autumn the days begin to get shorter,some trees have less time making food to feed their leaves,so they let the leaves turn yellow and then fall to the ground.Anyway,both spring and autumn have their distinctive characteristic.
Chinese Spring Festival is the most important festival to Chinese.The history of Chinese spring festival has lasted about 4000 years.
Before Chinese Spring Festival,people have a lot of things to do.For example,people should prepare varieties of food.Such as all kinds of meat,nuts,dumplings and so on.Besides food,people also buy many new clothes.And people have to do some cleaning.It means that sweep away bad luck.People always decorate their houses with couplet,paper-cut,New Year pictures and so on.
During Chinese Spring Festival,there are lots of funny activities.On New Year's Eve,families get together, prepare New Year's Eve dinner and watch Spring Festival Gala Evening.Children receive money as a lunar New Year gift.Then people play firecrackers to celebrate New Year.The next day,people begin to pay New Year's call.
The customs of Chinese Spring Festival are too many to introduce.If you want to know more about it,you can go to Chinatown during Chinese Spring Festival.
It doesn't need to emphasis the importance of creative thinking,and listening for ideas also helps you to be a practical creative thinker.
As a good listener,you will have curiosity to open mind,and need to control your analytical and critical urges to grasp the new ideas.You should have a comprehension before the evaluation,too.Just as Peter Ustinov once said,"There is no point in talking without listening.
"Differ from a hearer,a listener can discover the real import of the words when other person is saying.We know the policy of being a listener in Roy Thomson's Long After Sixty.
Listening requires more intelligence than speaking.We should listen more others' ideas and speak less,because speaking too much makes people feel uncomfortable.Listening for ideas can improve your creative thinking and we should never miss a chance to shut up.
English is a national language now,so more and more people think English is very important.And we should learn it well.How do we improve our English ?There are many ways to do.
First of all,to increase your vocabulary.English is based on words.You should remember new words you learned.Secondly,more reading.It is beneficial to English.If you read the English artcles everyday your English will be improved.Then,more using.When you communicate with your classmates,when you have a dialogue with people,you can use English.If so,I believe your English will be very well.In addition,you can also see English films and listen English songs,it is helpful.There are many ways to improve your English.
It is up to you to find out best ones for you.
We can see from the cartoon that when it rain,the two men did not take leave,but through the rain together.And from the picture we can know that a true friendship does not appear in the sunshine,but in the rain.
What is a friend?Some people say that a friend is one that is close to you.In my view,a friend is the one that stand by you,even through the hardest time.Just like Jenny and me,we have known each other for eight years,and we have gone through many happy and hard times together.For example,when we are happy,we share our feelings with each other.When we are sad,we are each other's listener.When we achieve success,we can turn to each other for help and give each other suggestions to make us get rid of it.
As the saying goes,"True gold does not fear fire,adversity.
"Therefore,no matter what happens, always accompany in your side is a true friend.
The person who deserves to be appreciated most is my friend Lilly .
Lilly was a pretty girl with long hair.She was extremely vigorous,amicable .And she was always with full enthusiasm .You could always see Lily smile agreeably whenever she confronted any trouble.
That experience was a wonderful touch in my memory even with the time passing .It was on a cold morning that I was under a low mood .I was very grieved and anxious due to getting a low mark in Maths test .
My heart was torn.
Lily came when I was crying sadly .She told me softly that the failure was the mother of success and she would all with me.
Not only did she encourage me to be tough and brave ,but also she rebuilt my confidence.
Lily's word made me feel more gallant and confident .
I was aware of the importance of friendship.
And the real friend could share their common joy and sorrow.Never would forget Lily.She would in my heart forever.
This is PE which unforgettable class,.
My basketball is very poor,an examination of basketball marks is 10 second.
However,my basketball marks are 12 second.
When I see the basketball I have a headache, and don't know anything.
The teacher came me,tell me some skills,and say:failure is the mother of success.
Don't give up and Practice to hard must have a good result and Believe in yourself.
I will never forget the teacher's words.
After a long time of practice, my basketball marks not only improve but also basketball game is a good performance.
Now,everthings is going to be fast.
But we can't make the world clear.
For example,we make the rabish everwhere.the lakes are colerful and the sky is never bule.I am so upset.
Today we have everthings but we lost smoethings which is so useful and precious.
sometimes,we drive to company.But I think we can go to work by bus or bike.
Some people kill the animal.I do not like do it and I do not like the man who do it.
The will break the balance of nature.
So something have to be done to stop pollution .for example we can go to somewhere by foot to make the world better.
Welcome come to China.I hold the opinion that my mother country is very beautiful,She has The Great Wall and The Imperial place in beijing.She also has The oriental pearl TV tower in Shanghai.IT is the most important build in the word.
My mother country is consist of thirty provinces,so there is no doubt that she occupy a large of floor space.She has thirteen hundreds million people.
In addition,because of we have traditional culture,My mother country people are very kind and hospitable.especially the girl are very beautiful.As far as i am concerned my mother country is very beautiful,everyone has their unique dream that keep their going and happy.l always believe that they will come ture in future.l love my mother country!
There are there good ways to study English.
I think you should look up new words in a dictionary,take notes by writing down key words and by reading your notes every day.
If you do this,you will improve English.
I think learning grammar is a good way to study English.
I study English by watching English movies so you can also have a try.
It is also a good idea to by asking the teacher for help,because you'll have a lot of places you don't understand.
You could try to improve your English by memorizing sentence patterns.
Ten years later I had a happy family.
My son was very clear and I have a high income work.
I think my Amateur life is a tourist.
Because I love my life and enjoy my life.
I'll have pets.I can't have any pets now because my mother hates them and our apartment is too small.So in ten years,I'll have many different pets.I might even keep a pet parrot!
I'll probably go skating and swimming every day.During the week I'll look smart,and probably will wear a suit.
On the weekends, I'll be able to dress more casually.
I think I'll go to Hong Kong on vacation,and one day I might even visit Australia.
This book represents a story about a little princess.
In the beginning, her father is intensely rich, in other words, he is a millionaire .
Therefore, an ocean of students and teachers do a lot of happy thing toward her , but their indeed purpose is to get her money.
The little princess is very sad, and will be the most poor girl in the school from ever.
The principal in order to save the cost which she will spend, force her to be a maid.
I suppose that we should be to absorb the knowledge.
Can you distinguish it, I suggest that you should think it over carefully.
Believe it or not, every one hope get positive friend.
making pal is an easy thing, and an extremely difficult thing.
I hope you can make indeed companions.
Some students ignore spell english words in study english,I think the problem of it become more and more important,because the student can't spell words influence theirs student of exam and study.
The only real technical issues you might run into involve the frame rate, which has an occasional tendency to hitch up during some very specific scenarios.Now,many exam of english amost choose,and score of spell is a little of it,so the student get ignore the words spelling.
I think take some active of spelling the words,and turn down the choose 's score in the exam to make students to know the spell is important of english.
Good afternoon, teacher.
I am glad to introduce myself to you.
I am Y, who comes from Puyang in H Provence.
I am a very communicated girl and get along well with classmates.
I am outgoing and humorous.
I bring a lot of fun to my friends frequently, meantime,my friends like stay with me, they said that I am a lucky girl.
Then, I have many hobbies.
My favorite sport is playing volleyball game.
When I was upset and lonely, I used to play volleyball game, which reduces my stress and assist me to forget unhappy things.
In addition, in my spare time, I spent more time in reading books.
In particular, I am crazy about reading novels.
I suppose that it makes me open-mind, wise and happy.
Like other students, l also like Korea Stars and insist on watching Korea Opera.
Last but not least, I hope we can make friends and make more progress together.
On the one hand,as life's rhythm speeding up,their family members are so busy that they have no time to accompany them.
On the other hand, most of the aged people have retired and left their units and colleagues.
They don't develop their own interests so they have nothing to do.It's our responsibility that we should care for aged people.
Therefore, not only should we take more care about them,but also we ought to take more time to accompany and talk to them.
What's more, the aged people should find ways to entertain themselves.They can keep a pet, travel,visit relatives and friends and so on.
I believe that aged people won't feel lonely if we try our best to care and love them.
No matter how busy we are, please don't forget the aged people at home who miss us all along.
As we all know,spring is the obvious symbol of hope and life,in Spring,all the things on earth come back to life,we all breathe the fresh air filled with the smell of wet clay.In contrast,the coming of Autumn means everything will fall into the depression,such as,the leaves fall down and the flowers wither,which leave a frustrated depression on us.Of course,the two seasons have some aspects in common.For instance,the temperature of Spring is neither cold nor hot,which is correspondent to Autumn's.In addition,Spring brings us the happiness just like ,Autumn,the season for harvest,brings us satisfaction.
Live is a long trip, and our life would be colorful for the dream and glory .
Everyone has his dreams, but not all these dreams can come true.
When dream come true, our glory will reach.
for instance, the athletes who gain the gold medals, the artists who are popular with the public, and even the students.
for instance, the athletes who gain the gold medals, the artists whom are popular with the public, and even the students who enter tile university after years of hard study and preparation, are all dream-holders.
They all gain glory, and they all success man.
Everyone has own ideals, such as being a scientist or artist.
My dream is being a doctor .
With the inspiration of ideals, we have the principle and value of our lives, we can set our ideals as a goal and pursue it actively.
Live would be gray without dream and glory, you have to set your goals appropriately according to your currently situations.
I hope I can become a doctor in the future.
becauseThe doctor is called "Angles in White", They saved many people's lives during their work.
Hold fast to your dreams, no matter how big or small they are.
The path to dreams may not be smooth and widely, even some sacrifices are needed, but hold on to the end, you, still find there is no greater happiness than making your dream come true.
Dream, an abstract concept.
Glory, an exciting word.
If we both have them, our life will be colorful and successful.
As the description of the image says.
A boy gives a girl one hundred yuan and said:"it's just my little heart to express my friendship.
In my opinion, I think friendship which builds on everyone's real heart and has no connections with money.
Friendship like a medicine to cure pain which he or she gets from the failure.
Friendship is the same as the motivation that you can compare with each other and improve yourself.
For me, when my friend sad and confused I walk to him and Pat him on the shoulder, saying some positive words to encourage him, sharing his pain with him.
In the study, we compete with each other.
Are of one mind, their sharpness can cut through metal.
Never say the harsh word is the importance of leaving your friendship longer.
Last but not least is precious carefully to your friendship.
Marissa Parry, a office worker in Brooklyn, New York.
One day, He was returning home from job at about 9 in the evening.
She was walking the 100-foot distance from the parking lot to the entrance of her apartment .A man attacked her from behind abruptly.
He snatched at her and stabbed her with a knife.
Miss Parry wrestled and screamed for help.
But no one discoverd her and came to help her.
Before along, the man got in to his car and drove away.
Miss parry struggled making his feet to go to his home.
Finally, she lying dead a few feet away from her apartment.
As is known to us all,there are so many blind-date shows which are particularly prevalent among people at present.
There are various reasons responsible for the phenomenon.For one thing,it is widely spread that screenwriters need to be in accordance with the tastes of the public so as to improve audience rating.For another,those who want to have a reputation for being familiar to everyone.No matter when it is shown,that is a trend that it is so adaptable that it always remains higher audience rating.
Therefore,the wind of imitation is in the prevailing time.In the final analysis,making money is at the top of everything.
From the point of my view,with the development of economy,we not only attach much importance to entertainment,but also improve the quality of teaching.We can not ignore teaching so as to pursue entertainment.What is more,we everyone are supposed to cultivate our personal accomplishment and aesthetic taste.After all,I think those shows are too vulgar to be good for our career.
mary green is my good firend, she in the usa,her telephonenumber is four two zero-three four seven-eight eight nine,her qq is 372252002,i am in the china ,telephonenumber is 12934578990,my qq is 372252003.
We are good firend.
As everyone knows, sports has brought us a lot of benefits, such as physical exercise is conducive to human bone, muscle growth, conducive to human growth and development, enhance the gift to adapt the organism.
Physical exercises is one of the most active, effective means to active physique.
Physical exercise can improve the regulatory function of the nervous system, improve the ability to judge the nervous system to perplexing changes in human activities.
But sports could also has disadvantages, however, exercise also harms our body, we limit our thinking, distorted values, give them huge pressure caused the failure.
Moreover, an excess of sports will make us tired or ill.
I also take part in physical activity many times, I think the daily physical drill can not only exercise the body, but also physical and mad pleasure.
For our college students, sports make us relax tired mind, is a method of node and the work and rest.
So I think the sport more good than harm, I support game.
Due to this kind of circumstance it has the following several reasons.
In the first place it is weather, irregular global climate change, global warming leads to food production.
Next problems are industrial development and urbanization development quickly lead cultivated less and less.
The last one is petroleum.
The price of oil skyrocketing, people use the food production of biofuel.
To solve these problems, we have the following measure can be used.
To keep weather regularly, we should focus on the environmental protection and improve ecological status.
The most important is protect the cultivated land.
Internationally, rich countries to support the poor.
Countries should get along well with each other peacefully.
For me, I should obey the rules and cherish food.
That all what I can do, but small into many.
If a large number of persons do that, it will make a great difference and problem will be solved.
My family has four people,my father and mother and my sister.I have a little but happy family .
My father is a traditional Chinese father ,which means that he did not show his affection for his kids easily.
He likes play chess, meanwhile,he feels satisfied and relaxed with our neighbour.When I was a child I often play chess with him, but when I grow up ,I have plenty of homework and housework .I can not spend all free time playing .Therefor,decided that when I have time ,I would accompany my father .My mother is a kind and hearted .
Though mother is no longer a career woman, when we go shopping , she could help some homeless and hungry people.So as Mother Day is drawing near,I wish her eternal health and happiness.After all,mother are the world greatest educators.
Love my ,love my family.
As far I am concerned,it makes me feel comfortable and happiness.What about you?
We live in azure sky, the changing of perennial, lush jungle 'the vanilla of delectable,enchanting sightseeing and so on.The estate stands for the concert of light that is our world.The Animal World is also animated and dynamical,we will gain lots of profound considering.So my favorite TV program is the Animal World.
In Africa there are all kinds of animals,you should be wary of their attic,when you savor the sights,all at once they will appearent of you.I pay tribute to the advents, they have the gut and clever ,they ac-cross the abyss,crisp precipice,in order to find kinds of animals.Although they may cast the life.I like all kinds of animals, the meekness,the inuncible,let us see the dynamic of the world.But some animals subject the damage of vanish, so we should protect the animal, they are our friends,if the world without their participation,our world will be detached and inanimate.In a word,a colorful world needs everything to participate,rejecting to solitude!We crave the world of dynamic!
Nowadays many celebrities choose to migrate to another country, which has aroused great concern.
The precise reasons underlying this phenomenon is complicated.
In my opinion, there are four reasons to explain in partly.
First and foremost, pursuing the high quality life plays a critical role.
One purpose of our work is making a better life.
Second, most of them migrate to some foreign countries with a view of to making their children receive good education there.
This is an important reason for most of these emigration people.
In China, it is very hard work for children to pass through the national exam.
Third, some people just want to experience a different culture they like.
Although chinese people have up and down the fine cultural tradition of five thousand years.
Experience the exotic is a dream for most of chinese people.
Finally, some of celebrities choose to live in another country and even change their nationality, but work at the mainland to avoid paying taxes.
There are two different opinions on this phenomenon.
On the one hand, quite a few people claim that celebrities should live in their own country, showing the love of their motherland.
On the other hand, those who think differently argue that the celebrities, just like you and me, should have freedom to choose where they live and where they work.
For my perspective, I am in favor of the latter view.
In one word, everyone has his right to decide where to live, and where to work.
And everyone's choice should be respected without doing illegal things.
Love is a very simple thing in my mind, just like a smile,a hug ,a rose.Just like my Mom and Dad's love.
They are each other's first love.They fell in love in college.Then they agreed to get married in the future .
I wonder if I can have a beautiful love like their.I will love my lover ,my family and my friends ,sending them to smile, blessings and hug.I will let more people feel the warmth of love.
At the present time, the society is rapid developing on technology and science.Yet a host of problems have arisen such as anti-social behavior and lack of respect to others.In this essay, I will analyse the reasons of this situation and give acceptable solutions to solve these problems.
It is obvious that the causes of anti-social behavior including commit a crime are various.In the first palce, a large number of people are not get enough parental and shooling education that what should do or not, which causing they do not have rules of their lives.Secondly, with the development of technology of communication, some individuals has clearly known the ways of anti-social due to the internet.The internet shows their negative effects to the world.Lastly, the materalistic live triggers people lacking the chances to communicate with others face to face as no one want to gain less trerure than the people around them.
Accordingly, the solutions of this issue should also be diverse.First,the government should be carried out comparable rules and regulations to exert the effects on influcing the behavior of their local inhabitants who should be the good symbol of the society.Then the government should establish some institutions to provide the food and accomodations to the poor families to meet the lowest living standard.In this way,people do not have the evil thoughts to the society.
In conclution, several nefative factors contribute to affect the residents on behavior of their lives including family, friend and modern technology.And I am convinced that we should take measures such as education,communication and government aids to solve this disturbing issue.
Nowadays someone play mobile phone in reading material.
This phrase, different people have different views.
A part of people think it can affect the read atmosphere, someone see another play mobile phone, it's difficult for them t to focus on the book.
In addition, this is a very hate that mobile phone make noise, someone may be scared of the mobile phone ringtones.
But someone not think so, in their view, the mobile phone not necessarily making a phone call or send text messages, you can listen to a song when you tired, you can look up the material on can't understand place through the internet.
In my opinion, there are good and bed that mobile phone in reading region.
For individual, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages, for many one, the disadvantages outweigh the advantages.
However, the reading region is public place, we must consider the interests of the benefit, so I think we should restrict mobile phone in the library.
Most of us have heard of the death penalty but not seen as well.
It has existed from time immemorial.
It locates in nearly all sorts of social formations, and becomes a special culture, this culture should be free and unrestrained.
I don't think it belongs to anyone, the death penalty is not the unique right to the old times.
"Whatever is reasonable is true, whatever is true is reasonable".
I believe that existence is truth, so is the death penalty.
As for a society, no matter what kind is, it must institute rules to manage society, or it will be chaotic.
We have rewards and penalties.
They complement each other,and exist together to balance the society, the death penalty is the product of this .For there is a society, there is a rule .
We form a society, we need develop ,so we have the death penalty to help order, it results from society,government ,but not the times.
We have the death penalty, yet it is not a step to back absolutely.
The death penalty exists at various times, but they don't remains constant all the time.All the governments have the same promise, it is only in their deeds that they differ.
In ancient times, the whole society is in an unstable condition.The authority always want to keep themselves save,this outweighs all other considerations, so they often rather believe it to be true or not.Owning to the need of power ,too many innocent people been executed without any proofs .
At that time, the death penalty is not very ripe and consummate.
It has almost being the sacrifice.
By contract, in modern society, we have a series of rules to normalize it,and pay close attention to the evidence,because humanity is very essential to us; we won't kill anyone if we don't produce a certain testimony to the one who have made terrible crime.
We need a full reason to conquer human evils.
For another point, in the old days, the authority often lead the men through the streets to show them up before the public ,they humiliate them instead of killing them directly.
Moreover, the authority cut their head in the sight of public, the authority kill them in such a crude and rough way is just giving a warning to the public, they never consider anything besides that, let alone the humanism.Nevertheless,nowadays we not only respect the criminal, just like covering these inglorious from the public, but we even offer some humanitarian ways of death, such as euthanasia.
All of these shows the difference between the death penalty of the various times, that is -humanism.We haven't and won't go step back.
When I was a child, mama always said to me to learn to strong, meet things to calm, to have enough confidence and are not afraid of suffering heart.
Remember once was a little girl playing basketball, we play lost with other schools, I want to give up basketball dream, lost, because my mother urged me to say lost doesn't mean you can't, but because you don't have the will to understand suffering, I understand the meaning of the mom, I practice every day, and finally to play a beautiful game, we win, when we looked at each other happy smiling face is so not easy, in the heart can't say how delighted, we succeed when the first place.
Thank you for telling me about your school life.I get up at twenty six o 'clock on weekdays.And get up at nine o'clock on rest day.I have breakfast and then leave home at forty six o'clock.I usually go to school by bick.The journey takes about Fifteen minutes.
We have nine lessons every day.The first lessin starts at thirsty seven o'clock.At noon,we always play basketball on the playground.
I usually do my homework as soon as I get home from school.Then I have dinner and listen music until I go to bed at over eleven o'clock.
On saturday,I go to play badminton with my friends.I take the bus home at five o'clock.
The early bird catches the worm.This proverb means that if you study hard,you will succeed.
Once I have failed in an examination.I felt depressed.The fact proved is lazy led to my failure.My mother encouraged me,"It is good to be clever,but it is better to be industrious.Give yourself to diligent study and you will certainly succeed.
"Listened to mum's words I saw light suddenly.I decided to start studying hard.Then,I got up early to review lessons every day.I listened carefully in the class.I asked teachers for help as soon as I have questions.And hard I beat down me.A few days later,I succeed in the next exam.
So,diligence leads to success.We should be industrious.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.Switzerland is located in central of Europe,where it is bordered by Germany to the north,Fance to the west ,Italy to the south,and Austria to the east.It covering an are of 41,000 square kilometers.The population of Switzerland is about 750,000,000.It is one of the most developed coutries in the world.The forest covers an area of 30 precent,so it is call'World Garden'.
Berne,the capital of Switzerland,and Geneva are also attract me.It is known for watch,chemistry and food industry.
I am looking for a chance to traveling to Switzerlang.If that day realling comes,I will be crazy.
Confronted with this topic ,I have a clear attitude toward it ,I think this principle is very correct and should be adapted to modern society.
As the old saying goes,"The winner becomes the king,loser the bandit".Before being proved guilty ,anyone is innocent.
Theoretically speaking, in defendant by certificate guilty before thought his innocent idea can guarantee does not sentence the case of injustice, does not treat the good person.At the one-act play "12 Angry People", eight jurors are use this principle to save that young fellow the life.
Anyone is equal ,you do not have any right to accuse a person of guilty .Background ,birthplace and so on can not become the proof to charge a person guilty.
But what worried me is that this principle do not be widely used in modern society ,many people charge a person of guilty depends on his/her birthplace or background not evidence.If a person has money or right ,he/she has a saying.Numerous examples have proved this.
In order to avoid this unfair scene happening again,we should be together to defend .To claim fairy and support this principle actively.
With the social economy developing, more and more persons who have a great ability.
On the one hand, some of them would like to be a leader in every field they experience.
On the other hand, some of them just want to be a member of the team.
Below,in my eyes,the person who just wants to be a member of the team is better .
In the first place, it can know about the team situation in which they join.
Just because of this, it can put up deeper friendship and team spirit, too.
Furthmore, as a member on the team, we can give a hand in time when it goes wrong.
Meanwhile, it is effective to make a team goes further.
Last but not least,being a member means you can get you team together,therefore,only if we get together, it is easy to broaden our social network.
To sum up, it is better to be a leader when you being a member.
I believe that most people not being a leader in a team but rather being a member.
Learning a new language might not be all that easy, but there are many benefits indeed.
Many people learn languages for many different reasons, but here I will cover 5 fundamental reasons why you should open those books and get learning on a foreign language.
The first reason is because you'll have a lot more culture.
People who have culture are people who are knowledgeable and who know their way around life.
If you know another language, you'll be more cultured simply because this would permit you to travel more and you'll know the world better.
The second is because people will like you.
People like people with knowledge, whom they can learn from, as long as you're not a show-off.
People like hearing stories from other countries and from others, so by telling them about your travelling with your new language you may develop new friendships.The third is because you'll discover so much.
Not only will you be more open to a whole new culture, you'll be able to meet thousands of other people thanks to your extra language.
No one knows where life will take us, and knowing this extra language might just make your life completely different.
The fourth is because you'll develop your mind.
By learning you're exercising your brain, and so you should be faster at memorizing and doing simple mental exercises.
When you learn a new language you need to put words and verbs together, which works your brain.
You'll be very good at associating other things as well.The fifth reason why you should learn another language is because it's fun.
However, you need to make it fun.
Learning a language isn't easy, but by enjoying the experience and turning it into an interactive game you can truly have a lot of fun.
You can also learn along from or with someone else, which should be amusing for both of you.
In a word , we should study a foreign language.Through learning a foreign language, we will learn other cultures,and get lots of fun ,exciting time in it.
The two biggest soft drinks retailers performed relatively well.
In accordance with the following table, we can see that solo's can size is 330ml.
It is selling price of 1.05 Solo drinks has 10g's Sugar content.
It's main target market in all people who are keen on sport and main outlet in select supermarket Heelth_food shops.
st quarter the Solo drinks sales volume are1,375.2nd quarter are 2,215.
We can see in the 2nd quarter sales is higher than the 1st.
Drinks.
selling price are 85 cents and it has 34g's sugar content.
Main target market in the teenagers and main outlet in all supermarkets.
The same we can see in 1st quarter.
Sales volume is 1,950.2nd quarter is 1,600.
Ours social,The social practice is playing more essential role in China college education.However so many students lack social practicing.
Some students are like eating them head off.
Donot-it-themselves.In addition family to breaken.
In command to survive in competitive social.
We have to joining social practice.
Before we graduate from university camp.
On my idea, l think we should take advantage of our spare time.
We can go to leaflets.
Do family education.
Do waiters and do some important things.
Unique in this manners.
we can be faster integration into this major family when we are graduate.
On my suggest.
Social practice is extremely essential.
We should take part in various practices.
It will be good for we to look for a good work.
There are different opinions among people whether it's appropriate to encourage students to make comments on teachers or not.
Some people agree that the respect and discipline will be totally ignored.
Others suggest that it is a necessary step to improve educational quality continuously.
I agree with the latter opinion.
As we all know, advice is a good teacher.
Everyone has shortcoming, either do teachers.
There are times that teachers may make mistakes or do something in a wrong way.
Students' comments and advice can help teachers to improve themselves in every aspect.
Another reason is that students have the right to speak out their preferences and points of view.
Thoughts vary from person to person.
Expressing what we think is an essential way to communicate.
Students have to communicate with teachers to get further progress.
Moreover, commenting on teachers can inspire students' spirit of thinking and questioning.
Nowadays, students tend to follow others' mind and think less.
They can hardly express their own views.
Thus, students have to be encouraged to think independently.
It may be true that the respect and discipline may be challenged, but it doesn't mean that they will disappear.
Because the comments we mentioned here are based on respect and discipline.
There are many effective ways to make comments.
Students can propose a discussion on the class, or talk with the teacher after class, or fill in the questionnaire which should be provided by the school.
In those ways, we can not only encourage students to make comments on teachers but also keep order of the class.
All in all, we should support the students to comment on teachers in proper ways.
Thus, the educational quality will be improved and the class will be in harmony at the same time.
An online survey was conducted about the attitudes towards being self-employed after graduation.
It is shown that about one-third of the students approved of self-employment,while about two-thirds gave a negative answer.
What cause this?I think first,We don't have enough money,second,we lack working experience.But being self-employed has become quite popular among graduates,because they are greatly attracted by the freedom and considerable profits that it may bring.Besides,a fearsome job market and high graduate unemployment rates also stop them from seeking a job.As for those who say no,They are concerned about lack of social experience and funds,in addition,knowing few businessmen makes it hard for them to start their own businesses.
I strongly recommend that graduates should first work in a company for several years,after gaining enough experience,It's more likely for them to succeed in setting up their own businesses.
It is said that when the earth has livings, they're some unicellular animals, step by step, the animals became evolution , in the end , the hum-beings birth.
Therefore, people and animals have much related.
And life is equals to people and animals.
Animals are natural resources that person have wasted all through our history.
Now, animals have been killed for their fur and feathers, for food, for sport, and even for medicine.
What's more , various animals have disappeared from the earth forever.
Hundreds of them are in danger or endanger list today.
So animals need protect.
The basic reason is the commercial profit .
People can make lots of money from the animals.
So people killed them crazily.
For example , the beer's gall is a rosy medicine, so people gain the bile from the beers.
It's to cruelty .
There are many materials.
I believe we can .
In that we need and once they are gone , there will never be any more , maybe one day we just watch them on artists' paintings .
Animals are more than just beautiful .
They keep the balance of the nature.
If we destroy one animal can cause many problems.
For instance , when farmers killed large numbers of hawks, the farmers' stores of grain were destroyed by rats and mice.
In that hawk eat rats and mice .
They keep the balance between farmers and rats and mice.
Fortunately, an increasingly number of people are working to protect the animals, and raising money for the Animal Protection Association .
And the governments have passed the laws to protect the animals and forbid the killing of any animals.
Slowly , the number of some animals in danger is growing.
The paper is mainly about the American venture capital firms in the Europe.
Parts of them are successive, while others don't get the expected profit.
The challenge for them is how to incorporate the new European culture into their Silicon Valley style.
Firstly, the author has introduced the trend that more and more American venture capital forms crowded into European market.
Secondly, the author suggests that no rush to start a deal, no rush to close a deal.
That means before the investing, the VC firms need to assess the investments carefully.
Given the prospect of modest growth in the market, the entrepreneurs have to build companies rather than looking for huge and short-term profit.
Lastly, the paper points out compared to the European venture capital's high growth, with plenty of money and deep understanding of local culture, the American VC firms' core competitiveness is that they can fill the gap of early-stage investments in young companies in high sectors; in addition, they have more experience.
Now the entrepreneurship in Europe is more widespread, and tolerance for risk is higher than before.
What's more, European countries can use the deregulation to deploy capital more efficiently.
Therefore, in the long run, The American VC can get promising earnings.
Yesterday 8p.m.
the power was off,I was reading a books in the library and what were my friends doing when the power off.
My friend Mr.Zhang,he was watching a basketball match and he was listening to the radio later.
My friend Tom,he was reading some books.And he would go to bed later.
And my friend Mrs Wang,she was in the life,and she could not get out.She is so scard ,that she press emergence call bugton.
The power off is very bad.We do not want it come again.
In recent years, with the development of economy, a lot of people visit famous sites of historical interest.
The number of tourists is increasing every year.
A lot of historical tourism sites are considering adopting higher ticket prices due to this trend.
I don't agree with this move.
It may take some problem.
First of all, different from other tourism attraction, historical sites is the gifts that our ancestor leave to us.
They are common wealth of the whole nation, which need our necessary maintenance, do not need and have no reason to charge higher entry fees.
Then these sites also perform the function of educating the general public about the culture and history of our nation.
It must be influence a majority of those who are interested in the historical and cultural sense of these sites, if they charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons.
Those who are busy with their work or study in ordinary days only have time to visit these historical sites during peak travel seasons.
The higher entry fees may break their plan to visit such tourism attractions.
The educational value of historical sites can not be fully realized.
The higher entry fees will weaken the function of educating the general public.
It will also bring about the tourists' dissatisfaction.
The last point is that the move will lead to a tourism industry that is not sustainable.
The higher entry prices without providing tourists with better service will produce a tourism industry develop worse and worse.
Above all analysis, we can see the policy to raise ticket prices of the historical tourism is unreasonable.
The official fund and public should support these historical sites' operation, so that these sites can well play the role of history and cultural education.
The knowledge of general public could be promoted.
The tourists can make a rational plan to visit historical sites gradually.
All of these need us to make a progress during the future development.
Literature is very important in human life and spirit,Literature can bring people wisdom and making the development of social civilization.
We can learn from books and class literature,Especially our teacher's Knowledge is very wise.
So they always let the students read literature books.
For us to study literature has the following main reason.
First of all, have a good literary background allows you to see a lot of fact things and you can do a cultured man.
The more you gain experience, the more you knowledgeable.
Secondly, literature can help you improve your knowledge and learn the history of the past,to motivate yourself to study well, do some contribution to society.
Finally, the literature can make people relax, make the person from the literature to the happiness.
Therefore, we should learn literature, read more books.
Literature is very important to us.
The film My Fair Lady is a very classic film.
This story happened in a rainy day in Landon.
The movie is about a girl named Eliza from a flower girl to a lady trained by a linguist and a man teach Eliza how to something.
Eliza is a poor girl who lives on selling flowers.
