The aim of the competition is to promote the ability to listen and speak English.
Fristly, it is of great importance to develop a good habit of reading books.
Moreover, what deserves attention is that every participant is expected to complete the speech with in five minutes in fluent English and with correct pronunciation.
I wish everyone can make the best of their abilities and the contest will win a big success.
Thank you.
I think we should not keep animals in zoos.
It is difficult for them to have a good life.
There are two reasons.
First, most of animals like the natural life.
They can study some skills from the nature to protect themselves.
Second, animals like free life.
They don't like to stay in the cages because they are crazy about running or jumping in the big place.
Although they are living in the zoos can be looked after by the breeders.
But they don't like this kind of life.
They can live in the nature alone.
In my opinion, we should respect them.
We must protect animals.
Now there are more and more animals in danger.
We should try our best to keep them alive.
My name Li Jin,I'm a ctudent and the president of the Student Union of the ChengGuang Middle School.Our School want to donate a batch of books to the Chinese Class of your school.And I know you are the monitor,so I find you and write this email to tell you the message.
America Friendly Communicate School is a very beautiful and energitic School.It plays an important part on China and America relationship.It was great!I will join your school's camping in July next year and I will bring the books at that time.
The books have many kinds.Most of them are bilingualsm so that your class can easy for to read.The books will promote students' language learning and also to learn more about chinese and American culture.
Good wishes to your school.
This morning, after I got up, I saw it was snowing outside.
The whole world was decorated by the snow.
I was so excited that I decided to go out to take some photos in order to record the beautiful view.
When the snow stopped, I put on my coat and went outdoors to find some beautiful view.
Suddenly, I saw a young man fall down.
Then, I went to help him.
I thought maybe more people in the street would fall down.
If I sewpt the snow, people would walk safely.
Then I went home to take the broom.
I began to sweep the snow on the ground.
It took me much time to make the street clean.
When I finished, I looked at the street and felt proud of myself.
I thought what I did brought convenience to people.
Today I did a meaningful thing and I felt so happy.
I will keep helping others.
Nowadays,more and more people spend more and more time on the TV programme.
My favourite TV programme is the Animal world.We watch the programme each sunday evening.The programme tells us stories of animals' life.The most important thing for us is that we can take in a lot of animals' habits and their natural surroundings.
In the zoo,there are many animals.Nonetheless in the programme we can see more animals.It gives me an opportunity to take in the other creatures.At the same time, I can talk something about the animal.It is wrong to kill them for food.In addition,we can know how to get along well with animals.Consequently,we have to do our best to protect them.I hope I can do something for animals in the world.In addition we are always leading a busy life,we should learn how to adapt to life.On the contrary,watching TV can ease our pressure.In a word,my favorite TV program is animal.On the one hand,we should grow up and lead a happy life.On the other hand,we need study well and get well with our life.This is my favorite TV program.What about you?
In China, there are a civil servant examination every year.
As is known to all, in China, the civil service exam acceptance rate is very low.Some people in order to serve the government, but most people are for the income and welfare for a better life.These people obsessed with money and power.With the help of the position to meet the material needs.And won't brings to the government and people.Instead, their greed may harm to society and people.
In my opinion, civil servant is a noble job.This people to pursue is not their own interests.But the interests of the people.Xi jinping said, don't be officer to make a fortune.As a civil servant,not only to serve the people, but also to control their own desires.Want to in this position, need to be noble ideas, to complete the mission of national prosperity and development.
My name is john.
Let me tell you my free time.
I can do housework on Saturday morning.
I do my homework after finish housework.
I play basketball with my classmates on Saturday afternoon.
In Saturday evening, I watch TV with my family.
I get up late on Sunday monrning.
I play computer games on Sunday morning.
I must go to school at 5:30 .
This is my free time.
As we all know,the greatest pleasure of life is love.So we need to love.I love my mother most.Mother's nurthing love makes me feel warm.
I never forget that day.I had a poor healthy when I was a child.It was a snowy and windy day.I had a seriously cough for a long time.My mother was worried about me.So she went to buy me oranges to decrease the cough.It made me feel very grateful.
To love is to be human.To be loved is also to be human.I love my mother,too.I try my best to do some housework such as cooking,washing and cleaning.At school,I call my parents once a week.I spread the good news and cover the bad to let them not be worried about me.
Now,my is 46 years old.I feel so sorry for her.I can't do anything for her.I want to buy new clothes,delicious food and give her enough money.While ,I am unable.So I must work hard now.
When it comes to my college life,I think there are two words that one is colorful and the other is peaceful.They are used to describe my college life in different periods.
I still remember the first day I live in this college.School buildings were surrounded by many trees.What I saw was really fresh.My college life began freshly.Gradually,it turned to be colorful.During the first year in my college,I was the leader of Communist Youth League in my class.I attended meetings and organized class activities which I gained many precious experiences.I learnt to take my responsibility and unit my classmates what a real man needed.In my space time,I went to the library to read my favorite books.Apart from this,I joined an English Corner in school,which provided English learners with a platform to study,to talk and so on.I benefited a lot from the activities.For one thing,I improved my spoken English;for another,I showed myself in public.Thanks to these activities,not only did I develop my interest,but also I had a colorful college life.
As time goes by,now I am a sophomore.I am still a class monitor.But it is quite different.I realize that all the activities are only a small part of my life.For a college student,study is the main task.This term I will pass the TEM-4.So I have to sit down in a classroom and read my textbooks for hours.Sometimes it is boring and tough.Though it is not colorful,I appreciate the peaceful life.
No matter what my university life is,I am certain:I should try my best to live a fulfilling university life.Still, I have a long long way to go.
As the development of society,the computer has coming to people's daily life.More and more people begain to use computer which bring convenience to their work or study.But at the meanwhile,some problem has come out.In order to avoid forming bad habbits,we should't rely too much computers.
The computer has two sides for us.We can not only search informations on the internet but also can play games on it.Some people addicted to internet games,some people commit a crime though internet,and some ones even spread bad words in it.Those facts tell us that we have to pay more attention to the influence of computer.
At the point of my view,the computer make our society more development,we can't resist the spread of computer in our life,but,what should we do is just take it as a tool to help us complishing our task.Don't reply too much on it.Make sure that if one day your computer goes wrong,you still can live well,work well.
As the "1111" and winter are drawing near,looking at other lovers together,I suddenly have an estimation about falling in love with a pretty girl.Because I firmly think it has many benefits to my campus life.
On the one hand,taking a girlfriend can make me happy,so my campus life will become rich and colorful.On the other hand,we can learn from each other.This can help us find our own advantages and disadvantages easily.Last but not least,my girlfriend is my spiritual sustenance,she can be my spiritual pillar which can make me full of power and passion forever.I can always be full of confidences to face any difficulties that I will meet.
What were written above are my opinion of finding a girlfriend.I firmly believe a girlfriend will help me to be a successful men!Yes,I firmly think so.
Different people have different attitude toward part-time job.Somebody think our job is to study.Not to work.If we do work we must waste much time and energy.Then affect our study,maybe we will failed in exam.
Others think it is important.it can enrich our life, expand our field of vision.And can let us to know earn money is very hard.Then we can save money.
I think it depends on our own, if you have the time and spare capacity are you can go.
But if you don't have that you still study hard .
These days, school-teaching is more and more inclined to students' written examinations.
Nevertheless they leave out students' character education.Students not only should require knowledge which are from test books, but also need which from their behavior.A student who is more suitable for the society is an erector of state.They should appreciate how to respect their parents, how to be an honest person.
In my opinion,schools should organize more and more activities to improve the faculty on respecting their parents,their teachers and their students.
As we all know,character education plays an extremely essential role in our daily life.So we should try ourselves to learn not only how to get good grades but can live more and more comfortably.On the one hand,schools can prepare some meetings which are more obviously to teach students.
On the other hand, our students should do some version to learn how to improve character training and follows the details.
These words above are my points of view.
Every one has curiosity,so we should learn to use our curiosity carefully.
As we all know,curiosity is very important for us in our life.And we had the curiosity when we was born.It is freedom,not limited for it.And it is the mather of creativity.If we know how to use it,we can find many interesting things in our life,and we can go to success.
But,on the other hand,if we can not use it rationality,we can do nothing,and we can not improve ourselves,or we will go to a false way.
As far as I am concerned,curiosity is very important for us,so we should learn to use curiosity when we are young.
My name is X,I have same good habits,such as I eat junk food only twice a year.I get up at 5:30 about,and I eat fuilt every breakfast.I never drink coffee I know it is bad for my health.However,I have same bad habits to.I don't like to exercise,I exercise twice a week about.And I aften stay up late to use the Internet on vacation.
The topic of Is group cooperative learning good is becoming more and more popular recently.Different people have quite different views on this topic.
Some people think group cooperation is a good mean to study.This way can let us have more pleasure on studying English.It also lets us concentrate on it more.Others have opposite views.They think this way may waste time that we communicate with other people.Those who can not finish their homework maybe helped by their partner without themselves.
As far as I am concerned,every coin has two sides.I think group cooperation have advantages and disadvantages.The good aspect is making us happier than study by myself The bad aspect is wasting time to talk with others for something that is unconcerned with studying.In conclusion,I believe it have advantages more than disadvantages.So group cooperation is good for learning.
After 3 years of junior high school study and experience college entrance examination,all of us go to a satisfied college.But how to have a meaningful college life?
The following are some of my personal opinion.First,learn knowledge is the most important assignment.We have to pay attention to it.Second,we should keep balance work and test what make us keep the energy.Third, to exercise the ability of communication and cooperation with others.
University time is a costful and important we want to cherish.
This word says the quitting smoking is so difficult.
As far as I am concerned, most people don't have a strong will.
Nothing succeeds without a strong will.
The famous people who are successful from ancient times to the present have strong wills absolutely.
They never give up such as Edison and Beethoven.
I'm sure the smokers didn't have similar will as they.
They should stick to it until they are successful.
Edison had lost 1000 times.
He is my star that light my way I will go in the future.
So people should make a firm goal firstly.
Second people should review it and do it day by day.
Otherwise, we should find an easy goal which we can do within our capacity.
About my National Day holiday,there is no word more appropriate than enrichment can modify it, because I harvested a lot from it.
October 1st is my grandfather's birthday,all relatives came back home to celebrate for my grandfather, I like this kind of lively and warm atmosphere.
After my grandfather's birthday, I spent three days in my grandparents home wanted to spend more time with them, because with the increase of age, my grandparent's health is becoming worse and worse.
Sometimes it is unnecessary for us to do something for our relative, just accompanying them is enough.
After that I paid a visit to LinDong with two of my best friends, where is a small town of ChiFeng, nevertheless, it is really a very beautiful place of interest.
First, we visited the 'old city', in which you can see all kinds of constructions, and among them I like a temple best.
Then we went to a large zoo and visited many different animals.
Although I didn't travel to somewhere nor go out to play, as far as I'm concerned, relative and friendship are much more important than everything.
Spending more time in accompanying them is more meaningful.
My holiday is substantial.
Before winter comes, it is cold and dry outside.
The wind often blows strongly.
The days are shorter and the nights are longer.
Many animals go to sleep.
They will sleep for a long time till the spring comes.
People don't like to go outside.
They have to wear heavy coats, scarves and gloves.
But children like to be outside.
Because it  snows frequently.
There will be snow around.
There will be ice on the ground.
Children can throw snowballs, make the snowmen.
Oh, look.
Here come the boys, there come the girls, they are skating in the river happily.
Winter comes.
It is really an interesting season.
So I like the winter verymuch.
'Life is like a box of chocolate, you never know what you gonna get' Says Forrest Gump.
I can't agree with him more.
Life is something amazing with all these uncertain things indeed.
It's true that in this society less and less people feel satisfied with his life.
People seem to complain about everything.
I think the problem exists in ourselves.
We aren't simple enough, too much things to seize, too much things to care.
So, my ideal lifestyle is something simple.
When hungry, I have food to eat.
When tired, I have time to sleep.
When lonely, I have family and friends to turn to.
In addition, I may have access to explore this colorful world.
Above all, I may have a career through which I can realize my self value.
And I think a position in PLA is good enough.
Anyway, I want to be a minimalism.
Make everything as simple as it can be.
Then happiness and satisfaction are easy to get.
When seeing this picture, I feel extremely grieved.
This picture vividly portrays how Chinese people cross the road.
Some pedestrians tend to in disobedience of the traffic regulations and run the red lights in group.
It's ironical that no one lodges his or her objection and there are stil some person chase to join them.
Numerous factors might contribute to the phenomenon that can summary to the followings.
Firstly, Chinese people lack of the rule-obeying awareness and the sense of social responsibility.
They believe that drivers daren't strike them.
Secondly weak law cannot enforce jaywalkers to obey the traffic trules.
The government should strengthen legislation and enforcement.
In addition, some people for the sake of save time to ignore the traffic signals.
Based on the above three cases, the jaywalkers should be punished by the traffic administrative department and make them observe the rules conciously .
Meanwhile, It's significant that the logical road schemes, which makes the crossroads more convenient and available.
Finally, everyone should shoulder the responsibility to observe the traffic regulations.
With the change of the way people live .we collect all kinds of coupons .we look for group-buy deals.
if we eat out of travel.
we don't buy clothes unless in a sale.
all in all,we careful with our money.
some people think it is not smart .i think it is a good way to live.
First, From my point of view, the advantages of group buying are obvious.
For one thing, by cooperating .with each other we can buy whatever we want without going out and get the most satisfactory goods at a low price.it can save our money we can spend less money buy more goods.
we make full use of money.
For another, manufacturers can sell goods on a larger scale and reduce marketing expenses.
second,we can develop our good habit.
saving resource is a good habit.
finally,it can decrease our expenses and relieve our parents stress.
Above all, i support it.
i think it is benefit for us.
we could use this way to live a more economical life.so we should adopt this way.
And at the same time we should take some measures to make it perfect.
I'm writing to tell you about discussion we've had about whether an entrance fee should be charged for parks.
Sixty percent of the students hold the opinion that entrance fee shouldn't be charged.They believe that the park is a public place for leisure.If charging the fee,gates and walls will be built,which,of course,will damage the appearance of our city.
The rest however,are against it because they think it necessary to charge the fee,yet the price is supposed to be a little lower than expected.If so,it is possible to pay for the workers.And the rest of the profits can be spent in purchasing new breed of flowers and trees.
In a word,we haven't reached any agreement yet,but the suggestions are helpful.
Drunk driving vehicles in our country is very common, which leads to many traffic accidents, not only economic loss to people life but also pose a threat to.
First of all, our country has since ancient times drinking tradition; second, with the deepening of reform and opening up the people's living standards have greatly improved, so has the automobile population increasing; third drivers' safety awareness is not high.
This leads to our country in drunk-driving behavior more.I think we should get drunk driving in criminal law society; secondly to publicize the drunk driving hazards.
Ambition is a strong desire for some achievements, a personal quality similar to motivation, typically requiring determination and hard work.
It provides people power to achieve their goals.
Everyone who wants to be successful in the future must have this quality.
There is no doubt that this quality is much more common among young people, because of ambition, they inspire others with zeal, confidence and energy and at the same time they are more likely to get what they want.
However, it doesn't mean that adults don't need this quality.
Ambition helps them keep energy and zeal which plays an important role in their further career, especially leaders.
Nowadays,the mobile phone not only is a communication tool with others but also a kind of channel which can guarantee you closely related to the society.
There are a lot of features of movable phone to meet the needs of most of person.First,the use of movable phone can strengthen the communication and promote emotional communication between persons.Second,the riddle in movable phone can help us regulate our mind and relax ourselves.Third,the photographing function of movable phone can help us catch something meaningful and valuable whenever and wherever.What 's more,alarm clock can use at any time which can ensure the efficiency.Furthermore,the mobile phone is different in landline telephone at home.It has a kind of function which means the call recording.Therefore,you can examine it for missed calls or messages.Last but not least,it can offer special groups a convenient way to get in touch with others,such as deaf people can use movable phone to send messages.So,those groups can live an enjoyable and comfortable life.
The mobile phone,a symbol of temporal spirit,as a part of modern life,it brings convenience for life,is not only an important tool for people to communicate with others,it also is the embodiment of fashion.In a word everyone shall have one.
Compared with other developed country in Europe,my dreaming destination is Switzerland.
Switzerland,with the population of 750 million,is situated in central Europe.The beautiful country covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometres.As the Swiss capital,Berne is treated as the most important city of international meetings.It also has a world-renown city called Geneva.
Over the years,the country landscape has been praised by millions of tourists,who call it "The World Garden".
On the other hand,the industrialisation of Switzerland has increased little by little,especially in the watches,chemistry and food industry.
Switzerland is a popular starting point for many excursions.It is my dreaming destination all the time.
There are many places at the school,such as library,art room,computer room,but my favourite place is our playground.
My school playground is big and beautiful,I often with classmate play basketball on the playground.
After lunch,Lots of students play basketball,play football or do running and kicking shuttlecock.
When I feel tired and unhappy, it is the best place to go to.
After school, I spend one hour playing basketball.
In PE lessons,we do running.
Running makes us stronger.
So my favourite place is our playground.
I intend to be a Chinese teacher and now I am working hard for this.
I suppose there are many advantages for me to become a Chinese teacher.First, my favorite subject is Chinese and I like the living style of Chinese teacher.So if I become a teacher,I will do what I like.I will be happy when I am at work.How great it is.
Second,I can stay with children all the time when I am in school.Children are so cute and energetic.Staying with them can make me feel younger,and life abounds in fun.
Third, If I am a teacher,I will ponder myself not only as a teacher, but also a learner.
I should learn and enrich my knowledge for the sake of the benefits of children.Moreover, improving my skills and knowledge can support make me feel more motivated.
Fourth, teachers have two long vacations,the summer and winter break.During the two vacations, I can have free time to do many wonderful things.For example,I can take a trip and spend more time with my families and friends.
In sum,these are the advantages of being a teacher.Of course,being a teacher also has some disadvantages,but I still like to be a teacher.
In my childhood, filled with a lot of interesting young Fun, will not help laughing sometimes question that all of us should ask.
One thing that made me worry a new memory.
I remember that during the last one year when Sunday morning, I was sitting comfortably on the sofa and watch television with relish.
Inadvertently, I saw on television a chicken farm in the chicken, all kinds, colors, yellow, white, a very lovely.
Small brain, the eyes turn round Liuliu stop, coupled with the hairy body, especially elicit people like.
I felt I needed to have an idea of buying a handful of chick-let.
"You know they collapsed on the sofa again, a second time to have passed.
Won two eggs through the refrigerator.
"Hen hatching chicks depending on the temperature of the eggs were hatched to, if I were to the hatching, eggs are being squeezed easily broken.
Of the usually like my mother always said that his father's body stove, the father's quilt is definitely hot.
"I think that the father was an egg carefully into the yard, and patiently wait for the birth of her chicks.
Dad back, the storm will soon have to open their eyes, into a bedroom, opened quilts, sleeping only heard the father was not named soon, I immediately went past, and my father was out of paper shining his pants.
I Wuzhuozui secretly smiled, and her mother came running over and down the back of the skull.
"I will detail in the dark to tell the parents.
"My eyes what we sway.
It made me understand a profound truth : that people should not blindly do, but after careful thought, and action.
Frankenstein is a film which was made of a novel written by Mary Shellry.
The director is James Whale.
And the two characters are Frankenstein, a scientist played by Kenneth Branagh, and the creature, played by Boris Karloff.
When Frankenstein studies at university, he discovers the secret of how to create life.
Using bones from dead bodies, he creates a creature that resembles a human being and gives it life.
Unfortunately, the strong and ugly creature terrifies anyone who sees it.
However, the creature is intelligent and has human emotions, then he becomes lonely and begins to hate his creator.
when Frankenstein refuses to create a wife for him, the monster kills Frankenstein's brother and lover.
The scientist wants to destory the creature, but he fails.
At the end of the movies, the monster disappears into the ice with his dead creator.
Frankenstein is a wonderful science movie.
It warns people that if we give life to a dead human, it will be a terrifying thing.
Because the technology exactly obeys the regularity of nature, we can't predict what will happen.
Lucy is an American student,she lives in New York with her parents.
Last week Lucy went to Beijing for a trip with her parents.She took a plane to Beijing and arrived in Beijing at sixteen o'clock in November 3rd.
In the first day,they visited the Tian'anmen Square,they thought the Tian'anmen Square was very beautiful.And in the afternoon they went to the Chinese Art Gallery.Second day,they visited the Temple of Heaven.The third day,they went to the Beijing Zoo,there were many animals,and Lucy thought they were very qute .In the last day,they flew to America and Lucy thought the trip was wery interesting.
We can have any plans to do is the best benefit we have as a university student .So we should do ours all to make ourselves perfect.First, we ought to read more books and look though news what happened in our liefs.
At the old saying goes, books are the stepping stones to human progress.
Then, you have to join in some club you interested as possible as you can.
You can make friends with many students who come from different places.
Finally, you should fall in love with somebody, which can develop your Emotional Quotient.
That's all.
And the teachers also teach in a different way, as well as our goal of study--no longer getting into a college--and the subjects.
Though there are so many differences , you can come over as long as working hard .
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
The first problem is the rise in population.The population is increasing so sharply that there aren't much more resources to use.Because of the large population,a large number of natural resources are overdeveloped.Overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.And then,cutting down trees from forests is a kind of overdevelopment of natural reasources.The trees which are cut down are usually used to make paper or furnitures.
What's more,the lack of water resoures is always a important problem for some countries.In those courties many people don't have access to safe drinking water.So many coutries are suffering from lack of water resources.The last one is air pollution.The polluted gas mainly comes from factories anddwellings.
To solve these problems,we must stat to protect the environment,such as reducing the waste of natural resources or throwing the rubbish to the litter bins.I believe if we do all these well, the environment will be better.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buyingcars.But there are two quite different views on this phenomenon.
Some people said that there are many advantages of buying cars.
At first , it plays a very important part in providing its owner with convenience, enabling the owner to go where he wants to quickly and easily.
What is more, it can help its owner to save a lot of time which may be wasted by waiting for other vehicles.
But every coin has two sides.The negative aspects are also apparent.Cars will increasing air pollution ,which will influence our life and production .On the other hand,cars will make the energy crisis worsen.
In addition ,with the number of cars growing, plenty of new drivers don't abide by traffic regulation , which leads to traffic accidents .
I am writing to tell the staff at the marketing and sales department that all of you need to attend the foreign language training for the better promotion.
The meeting will start at 10a.m.
I hope all of you can attend in time.
Nowadays, security methods can be seen everywhere: from the electronic alarm systems and trip wires hooked up to a policeman station to the padlocks attached to children's bicycles, from the access card to the entrance of the company to the electronic frisker in the airport.
Tracing the source of this social phenomenon, we shall see that the reason seems to be the sense of distrusting everything and everyone around us, from the neighbours living next to our home to the strangers we brush against in the street.
This world, which used to eulogize freedom has accomplished its transformation to a world which distrusts, restricted and imprisoned by its own dwellers who are fearful and devise as many ways as possible to keep fears out.
Nevertheless, it is such a reflection on what we have become in this miserable time.
In spite of all measures that has been taken in the name of security and safety, we feel no sense of relief, not even to the slightest extent.
On the contrary, the more we barricade ourselves against the horrors, the more vulnerable we think we are.
Try as we may bathe our neighbourhoods in high-intensity light, the sense of distrusting others we possess will still cast a substantial shadow in our hearts.
Distrust is a feeling that originates from lack of understanding.
We are now living in a modern world which is filled with hustle and bustle.
We consider our time of such great importance and we are all so busy pursuing our life goals that we do not even want to afford ourselves even so much a luxury as some time to make acquaintance with a stranger or to understand a friend more intimately.
As a consequence, the sense of distrusting others have become a trend in the society, which impose insecure feelings on people and compel them to take actions to hold others at bay, which in turn deteriorates the relationship of people.
The land we live in is now a world which has been crippled by the sense of distrusting rather than a land of freedom or justice.
We are now living with yokes and shackles put by ourselves, just like prisoners who are restricted in jail.
If we want to live in harmony and peace out of this predicament, the very first thing that we need to do is to cognize and understand the people around us better.
So that we may diminish the sense of distrusting others and finally extricate ourselves from the fetters and chains which have been shackling us since time immemorial.
Recently,the topic of E-book has been widely discussed which has aroused public attention.undoubtedly,it has a large impact both on human beings and society.
There are many pros on E-book.At first,you can take it everywhere,who do not care its weight.And also,you can look for what you wanna read,because of a large storage .However,it has many cons.You can not read without electricity,especially,when you read the most fascinated part.Then ,you can feel very angry.What's more,its screen is easily broken when you accidentally drop it.The result is that you have to spend much money fixing the screen or buying a new one.
Weighting the pros and cons of these argument ,I am inclined to the former point of view.Because people have to cut off a wide range of trees to make the traditional books,E-book is friendly to the environment with less pollution.In addition,people have less time to go to bookstore due to the tight time and the demanding schedule.Therefore,I prefer to read E -book rather than traditional books.
With the rapid development of economy and society, corruption which has been a social issue, will be harmful to our society and individual in whole, if the government still leaves it alone.
Therefore, it is urgent to focus on what cause corruption and how to deal with it.
Firstly, social environment is beneficial for corruption occur.
It is commonsense for people who want to obtain a job or program had better take bribe.
To deal with it, we must change our conception that everyone is equal.
The government has the ability to establish a harmony environment.
Secondly, the law and principal are not strict enough for corruption during implementation.
For one thing, finding corruption deed is not easy for special section.
For another, to send them to court, who is illegal on corruption is harder.
Therefore we should have great confidence and determination to carry on the policy.
Thirdly, low-income is also a factor that can not be ignored in corruption.
The salary can not afford ideal lifestyle.
As a result, people always lack resistance when facing temptation.
Personally, enhancing the level of salary would be an efficient approach.
Admittedly, corruption is a phenomenon both in developed and developing countries, however, we hope government should do their best to tackle it wonderful.
In 2011, it was announced by the Shanghai municipal government that the construction of the Shanghai Disneyland Project was officially launched.
People have different opinions of the project.
Some people think that Hongkong has already set up the Disneyland,as a result,there is not necessary to built one again.What's more,in the context of economic crisis,it is hard to attract plenty of a large quantity of tourists.In addition,it will do harm to the local environment.
Every coins have two sides.Some people do not support this project,while some people are in favor of it.They think that it can provide a good place for children to spend their holiday in the Disneyland.Besides,more jobs will be create for those people who have no jobs.Moreover,it is a good chance for the development of the transport and tourism.
From my point of view,I'm glad to see this park built in Shanghai.I'm sure that the children will like it very much.
Dearmary I know you have trouble in study after reading your letter.
I will help you to solve these problems.
To begin with you should keep a positive state of mind,when you study in trouble,you would calm in the face of this question rather than feel boring.
In addition you should listen carefully in class,don't play your mobile phone in class.
The end of the class,if you have some of the problems,you would ask your teacher with these problems.
The teacher will solve these problems.
After returning home,you can't watch TV,you should complete the teacher assigned homework .
After complete the homework,you should preview the content of the class tomorrow.
At last,I hope you will find these suggestions.
Good luck with you study as good as.
It's well known that We have only one Earth,so we should protect it and cherish it.
Nowadays, people are always doing bad things to damage the earth.First,people pollute the water.They put rubbish into the river or sea.People also catch or kill animals and cut down trees for money.That's really bad for the environment.People throw rubbish everywhere it pollutes the earth.The worst things for Earth is air pollution.Factories burn things and send the wasted gas into the air and to pollute the air and make us sick.
The waste gas and Carbon dioxide make Earth get warmer and warmer.
Our Earth is in DANGEROUS!The Earth is polluted.If we don't stop polluting the Earth.That will be the end of the world!
It's very unfavorable for our generations.
Long time no see!How are you?Now,I am talking my trip in Japan last winter holiday.
Last winter holiday,I went to Japan with my teacher and my classmates.We stayed there for five days.It was an exciting trip.I saw many many interesting things in Japan.First of all,I saw a temple.It was very beautiful.Next I also visit the Disneyland in Tokyo.It was fantastic and I had a good time in it.And I saw beautiful sky in the airplane when we went back to China.
As can be seen from the picture ,a girl very happy say her mother her college letter of advice.This picture depicts something that parent care about their child too much.
Of course,more and more family have only children,parent hope their children better and better.But I think we'd better give children a free space as children should grow depend on oneself is demonstrated in each and every aspect of work and life.To begin with children is going to walk into society.Secondly parent intervention children too much can lead to children no definite view.
For my part,children should live independently,choice life for oneself.We should make every effort to make life better and better.
Research has recently come to recognize that the growing use of the internet has important consequences for citizen's competence in public affairs.
These consequences are not just informational in nature but also, and more critically, social.
Principal among them is the growth of more varied social network, it has changed our life and bring significant effects to our life.
For social, social network can encourage social trust and increased civic and political participation.
Recent years, a lot of local governments such as liao ning, chong qing, tian jin and so on have created themselves microlog, they have put the latest news and government expenses on the microlog.
On the one hand, people can know the government very well and become more positive to support government's work than before, on the other hand, government will know the problems about itself, and correct them in time.
However, it also exists some problems.
As we all know, the information is spread quickly through social network, so some lawbreakers take advantage of this feature to spread illegal and harmful information, it will make people get in panic, and society will have some inharmony or criminal problems.
Sometimes it even has effects on the development of economy.
For human beings, social network can pull close the distance among the people and make the interaction and conversation more convenient than before.
You can make different kinds of friends through social network.
Recently more and more people join the ranks of using twitter, microlog or facebook, just because the social network is fast and effective.
Pelple can know their friends or families feelings immediately through it.
People can say their feelings or annoyances in a free way, it will help people release pressure and live in a happy way.
What's more, people can know a lot of things and get o lot of information through social network, it will broaden people's horizon and improve people's educational level.
But each coin has two sides, there are also many problems, more and more people use the social network, it makes people like expressing their feelings to the screen rather than talk their opinions face to face.
Sometimes it might lead to the misunderstanding between the people because of the ambiguous words.
In addition, people might learn some bad information from the social network, it will make people build a wrong world view, especially the children.
In conclusion, social network influence every aspect of our life.
We should take a positive attitude toward the effects and use the social network in a right way.
This is my pen.
The pen is black.
This is your jacket.
The jacket is brown.
This is his quilt.
The quilt is yellow.
This is her cup.
The cup is red.
This is my map.
The map is blue.
This is his ruler.
The ruler is purple.
This is her key.
The key is yellow.
This is my eraser.
The eraser is black.
This is his book.
The book is green.
This is her bed.
The bed is brown.
This is my desk.
The desk is blue.
That is his teble.
The teble is brown.
That is her chair.
The chair is blue.
That is my dog.
The dog is brown.
That is his cat.
The cat is black and white.
That is her egg.
The egg is yellow.
That is my short.
The short is white.
That is his skirt.
The skirt is pink.
That is her shoe.
The shoe is blue.
That is my magazine.
The magazine is black and withe.
That is his lamp.
The lamp is orange.
That is her bike.
The bike is red.
That is your umberlla.
The umberlla is red.
That is his cup.
The cup is purple.
That is her map.
The map is green.
This is your book.
The book is white.
This is his cat.
The cat is withe and yellow.
This is her skirt.
The skirt is pink.
This is a book.
The book is yellow.
That is an orange.
The orange is orange.
This is a cat.
The cat is black.
That is a dog.
The dog is brown.
There is a proverb that"No one is perfect".We live in this society,everyone has some habits,good or bad.Today I want to talk about the bad habits.
What are the bad habits?Such as smoking,talking dirty,sleeping late and getting up late,eating more but no exercising...These will make us look unhealthy and many diseases come to us.How to break the bad habits?I will share some ideas to all of you.
Firstly,you can make an exercise planning and then implement it strictly.Secondly,you can supervise each other with your friends.You can warn him when he does something forbidden,in turn,the same.Thirdly,when you forget and break the rules,you can punish yourself slightly.
Here's what I have to say.Nowadays,there are some people called"Smartphone addiction",they are always playing there smartphone whenever you see them.It's a serious problem.Everyone should work together to solve this problem.
With the rapid development of science and technology,people's living standard is raising.
Therefore , many people have some interesting views for making their lives colourful.
Of course,some of the views can be doubted by people.
Nowadays,some people are in faver of keeping pets .they think raising pets can relieve our burden of life.
Pets such as cats and dogs can bring us more pleasure when we feel lonely, and need a company.
Pets can entertain us.
People who are aganist keeping pets think keeping pets can spend us lots of time and a great deal of money.
As far as i'm concerned , keeping pets are good for culturing people's love and sense of responsibility.
Of course, keeing pet is healthy to helpful to the psychology, the pet is best target for telling.
so i support raising pets .
Nowadays more and more students will choose to go to the university,because the society needs students.
But there is a problem,it's most of the students lack moral sense.So the school should pay more attention to the students ' character cultivation.For example,honest,filial parents, respect for the elderly and so on.
The reason why the school should pay attention to students character is that the society need the excellent student both in learning and character.Just learn good without character of the student is harmful to society.Just have character without study's student is useless.So the campus students not only pay attention to the academic but also pay attention to character.
For my part,school can carry out some activities to improve students' quality and improve their moral consciousness.For example,you can organize students to the homes for the elderly to do some volunteer activities,so as to understand the importance of respect for the elderly.As long as the school strengthen the quality education and the students study hard about moral knowledge,I believe that our society will be harmonious.
I am very interested in your display of a plaza with bed-sheets after I visited your corporation in England last mouth.I would be grateful if you could send me your catalog for the complete range of this kind of products and also your price list.
Would you also send me a quotation of samples with beautiful designs and best quality linen,Fujian?Our customers would be satisfied with your cargoes.And also the discount rate for each deal will depend on the quality and design to be used.Please also tell me your terms of payment and the time required for delivery after you receive the order.
Messrs.White&son.
In recent years, studying abroad has been popular.
As more and more students choose to study abroad, people have a heated discussion on the advantages and disadvantages of studying abroad.
Some people hold an opinion that it is beneficial to study abroad.
Firstly it gives us an opportunity to learn and take advantages of the advanced technology from abroad.
Secondly, it provides us a good language learning environment in which we can learn and speak a foreign language more easily.
However, other people hold a different opinion.
As we are young, we lack the experience of life and the ability to take good care of ourselves.
Also we may feel lonely and homesick in a strange country.
Last but not least, the cost of living and study abroad is high, which may add to the difficulties in living for some families.
In my own opinion, studying abroad benefits us a lot.
Although making adjustment to life in another country can be very difficult, it do gives us a lot of experience of life.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
During this years,water shortage has become a very urgent problem.More and more rivers dry up.
So,what's the possible reasons?In my opinion,Having 3 reasons can be found.If you want to know,please continue to look the down.
Firstly,the water of the world is getting less and less,because of people's destroy.Many trees are cut down.Trees can not grow up in good environment.So,the root of trees can't be absorbed in the ground.Secondly,climate's change made water become more and more.Climate become more and more hot,it made ice dissolved.But it also made water evaporated.Thirdly,factory is a very important factor,too.Many pollution is lost in rivers.This made rivers become black.What's more,it also waste many useful things.
We have analysed the reason,but what's the possible solutions?In some degree,if we don't have water,we will die.So,we should give up destroying and protect kinds of plants.We should also plant more and more trees and flowers.We should also take actions to reduce the waste.
From this topic,we can know that we should try our best to protect the world.
Everything is changing in the world.We are brought up from a baby.Sunrise in the morning and sunset in the evening.And the sky is different from every-time.So we live is changing.
In my opinion,the greatest change is the way of life.
In the past,people have to make self-sufficiency work.But everyone has a lot of free time to do what they want to do.So they are happy.But now,people are busy.They have a mass of work,and they are without time to enjoy life.
Families are often ignored in the past.They are often fell loneliness.
Of course,in addition to the above dad change outside also have a lot of good change.The China of the past,the statue of women is low.They cannot learn the knowledge,can't participate in politics,can't even go out to work.But nowadays,the status of women has been greatly improved.They had their own work and communities.
And I think in this change,good change should be inherited and developed,and bad change should discard,such ability is the social get better development.
Yesterday, I went to school late beacuse I missed the bus.
On entering the classroom,the teacher blamed me and gave me an exam with bad score .
I felt upset beacuse I stay up every day in order to get high score.
Moreover,I really study hard.
After cleaning the classroom,I prepared to go home.
Wnen I leave the school,I saw the bus passed.
This is do an investigation on Weekend Activities.
Most of the folks think that the development of modern society facilitates their lives.However,it may also pollute our environment.Recently,more and more cities in the world are facing increased pollution.To deal with air pollution,one of my suggestion is to use clean energy such as wind energy and solar energy instead of polluting energy.
First of all,all of the clean energy is renewable energy.We needn't worry that it would be in short.That is,it can be used to solve pollution problems continously.What's more important is that it create much less pollution.As we all know,one of the air pollution is caused by off-gas.This off-gas is not only affect people's health,but also sometimes cause haze when it was mixed with fog.Then more serious is that we even can't see anything because of haze.But using cleaning energy,we can decrease hazy weather.Obviously,our environment will be better.Without doubt,these clean energies will also be used in industry to reduce air pollution.
Despite that new energy development is not easy,the way using clean energy will be useful without question.
In our school have many room such as class room, computer room , music room, art room, reading room, and many room.
But in my shool not only have many room,but also have many interesting piace sush as In my school of the one floor have a piano,we can play the piano in our flee time.
And we can after lunch go to the planground.
In my opinion playground is best interesting.
Because we can play waih my classmeat.
Wecanplayfoolball,play beskball,play pingpang,with the classmeat.
And we can walk and talk in there .
my college life as a sophomore.
marketing now.
girl.
then go back to my dormitory and surf on the internet .At the weekend.
I take part in some part time jobs .All in all.
My campus life is beautiful and substantial.
Reading is a good thing.It has been said reading makes a wise man.Reading can make peopie cultivatation.I read can edify sentiment.The psychoiogical and spiritual are of great help to us.I think reading is a matter can promote the development and progress of human society.Reading can make people grow wisdom.There are a lot of celebrities all know the importance of reading.Books are our ancient wisdom people.You can be at home reading will be able to enjoy the world.Reading can make people smarter.I think reding is a meaningful thing.Reading can let a person become a useful person.I think reading is a good thing.
my name is Timothy and i am the sales manager of YouYouLe tea milk shop.
Yesterday, i invented twe special soft drinks, Solo and fizz.the descriptions of these two drinks is below.
Can size: 330ml Selling price: 1.05 Suger content: 10g Main outlet: Select supermarkets Health-food shops Sales volume(in million hectolitres:1st quarter:1,375 2nd quarter: 2,215.
Can size: 330ml Selling price: 85 cents Suger content:34g Main outlet: All supermarkets Sales volume(in million hectolitres): 1st quarter:1,950 2nd quarter: 1,600.
Compare to the solo, fizz is more suitable for teenagers to buy.
For more information on our website: www.yy l mt shop.
When it comes to the internet,we have got to admit that it's more and more popular.Inernet has been integrated into our lives.Nothing can be doing quickly without the internet.
As the picture said,what students do every day in school can be known on the internet.It's a benefit for the parents to knew their students quickly.Meanwhile,it can solve the contradiction between students and parents.
It is important for students to face up to the mistakes which is done by themselves in public.They can be taught to undertake the responsibility by themselves.So can they spare no effort to make it better.So internet is more and more useful,and applied to any field.Only if we can know it more can we do everything easily.
As far as I am concerned,internet can do almost anything on the internet.But it also expose our information to be used for what we don't want.So we have got to learn how to protect our information on the internet.Otherwise,you can be in the troubles.
The West Lake, which lies in the west of Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, covers an area of six hundred and thirty-nine hectares.
It is also one of the earliest National Key Scenery Scenic Spot Areas.
So we are here to enjoy the scenery.
In addition, there are many places of interest which are filled with the culture of silk.
As is known to us all, the West Lake is famous for the Leifeng Pagoda, measuring 71.679 meters in height.
You will be able to see the beautiful view and feel the culture of Buddhism and poetry.
What's more, there are many stories told about the Leifeng Pagoda.
The most well-known concerns a couple called XuXian and the white bride.
It is a love story of them.
On a rainy day, they met at the side of the West Lake, but the white bride didn't bring an umbrella, so XuXian lent his to her.
In the end, they fell in love and got married.
All above this is just little description of the West Lake, so now let us appreciate the beauty of the West Lake personally.
The frustration is each person must face.It will let us learn to persevere, overcome and optimistic in the face of problems.As college students, we should have this spirit.
However, with the rapid development of society, the ability of the students face frustration growing trend under,the main reason parents spoil the child and bear children suffer.
Second, students lack a sense of ownership.Does not face the frustration of courage and self-confidence.
In order to address this situation,i think the school should be vigorously challenging activities and guide students to their brave and confident to face,than students should also actively participate in activities with people exchanges to show themself.Parents should also think more for the children, do not always doting setbacks contribute to the healthy growth of children.
With the graduation of grade 4, there appeared some uncivilized behaviors, causing to fall and breaking washbasins,desks and other things in dormitories.
What's more, some students, especially boys, are excessive drinking and fighting with somebody, and shouting at the top of their voice.
I considered the answer have two point.
On the one hand, some students don't find a good job, they are foiled in job hunting.
While facing graduation, they are fidgety and worry about the future.
So they need a way to release their depressed mood.
On the other hand, some students are crazy.
Maybe, due to they are not famous and few classmates know their full name, they want to find a way to do some crazy things for impress the memory of 4-year collage life.
No matter for others can remember them or they can remember themselves, they just want to keep the memory, although the way is not good.
I'm grade 3, I will also graduate next year.
I think, as a civilized person, we shouldn't take the crazy behaviors, we should responsible for our behaviors.
Doing something significant is a good present for saying goodbye to our collage.
Taking photos or making a video to take note about our collage life is a good choose.
Although we are going to say goodbye to collage, school is a big family with other students who are young than us and it will always in our heart.
As seniors, we should uphold our family.
someone thinks that we should often get online.Because we can learn more knowledge and something another.And we can share them with friends by the Internet.When we are tired,we also can enjoy ourselves on it.
But the others had different opinion.They don't think we should use computer at all.For it does harm for our eyes.Maybe someone will always chatting online and playing games.It's a waste of time.When we stop to doing other things,we won't pay attention to it.
In my opinion,we should use it,but we can't always use it.we may use the Internet to study but not to play.
that's all.
",I might not know my own answer.
If I was a successful girl with amazing talent,I might be happy.
But if I don't have a happy family at the same time,I would still not be happy.
Well,the understanding of happiness of diverse person is different.
I am a college student now,and meanwhile I am an adult.
But my parents' body isn't well.
I am eager to be a top student,and I want to make money at the same time.
However,it seems that I am not able to balance them.
So I don't think I'm happy now.
In a word,if you are satisfied with your present situation,you will be very happy.
Therefore you should have a simple heart to face crucial life.
In the modern age, people live under constant pressure.
Therefore it is very important to keep a good mood.
A good mood can at least benefit us in the folloiwng three ways.
first it makes healthy.
A healthy body is due to a healthy mind and psycologists have proved that htere is some connection between the mind and our phyiscal body.
Dear friend, I am glad to recognize that you are visiting China.
Then I will introduce some places of interest to help your visit.
First, you should go to our capital--Beijing and go for a look at The Great Wall.
This will give you a shock.
It's more than 6000 kilometers long.
The Great Wall has a history of over twenty centuries.
Secondly, The Bird Nest is a good choice for you.
It's the first national gym.
At this point is worth you to see.
Last, you could go to AnHui and see The Yellow Mountain.
It's one of the most famous and beautiful mountain in China.
There will be many scene that you can't expect.
If you come, you can't miss this chance to know chinese colorful and beautiful culture.
Hi,Tony I'm glad to hear that you are interested in Chinese festival.
The Mid-autumn festival is usually in September or early October.
family members usua.
get together.
we eat moon cakes while we are enjoying the full moon.
as you are chinese learning love,i thought clenaning and da a lot of shopping.
we i come to come to enjoy the spring festival with us.
The generation gap has been an ancient issue.
Both parents and children report that it is difficult for them to understand each other.
With the ever faster pace of change of modern society, the problem is becoming more and more serious.
First, the difference in the social background they grow up in surely foster different values and view of life.
The society is changing.
So are the values and views of life.
So long as there are different generations, so long as there are generation gaps.
Second, parents and children are at different phases of their lives.
The relatively more mature parents and the relatively enterprising children are bound to see things from different standing points.
From the analyses, we can see that generation gap is inevitable.
First and foremost, the most powerful way is to keep in mind that we love each other.
Realizing this can help children see the reasons why parents do something that they would not understand or appreciate.
Bearing this in mind can help parents accept their children for what they are.
Second, communication can promote mutual understanding and lessen the influence of generation gap to the least.
Though generation gap is unavoidable, it is not impossible to maintain a loving, understanding and supporting relationship between parents and children.
Nowadays a rising proportion of parents pays their children to do chores at home.
For example, some parents will give their kids allowances if they clean the room, do laundry or make some little things to help parents.
People differ on weather parents should pay for their kids for doing housework.
Supports say trying kids'allowances to housework is a good way to teach kids responsibility.
It can also help children know how toilsome their parents are.
But critics of this way say children should do chores for free the reason why is that chores are part of a family, everyone should do chores.
As we all know, it is common that every family has kids especially it has only one kid which makes the child be spoiled, some of them even never do chores, in order to practices the skill of their housework so they paying kids for chores.
But in my opinions, I don't think parents should adopt the pay-for-work view.
Paying kids to help out send the wrong message:they are entitled to freely have everything parents provided for them while the contributions they make to the family have to be paid for.
But, on the other hand, it teaches children that they should work for what they want in life.
Parents should learn the appropriate to reward their children by this way can be effective for children being the sense of responsibility to do the housework.
Today's world,for the sake of future work,the education is more and more crucial.Every college devoted to culture education of college students,but is it the most important thing of education?In compared with ideological and moral quality,I think the school should take more concentrate on cultivate education,because today's world,poor quality of students has become the serious social problem.
There are many sad examples every year.
For example the MaJiajue event and the LiTianyi event.They are excellent on the academic and cultural level,but what they do make peopel feel scared of students now.Does the quality of students is generally low?
A person can survive in the society without a degree, without moral,it is difficult to accept by society.A country's progress,require the whole national quality to be improvement,what society require is all-round development of morality,intelligence talents.
In order to develop the whole society, strengthen the quality education.
I am a student who has just graduated from jounir high school.With the hopiness to the new life,I come to my new school.Except for the hard work,we also have a number of different and kindful after-school activities.Compared to the past,I have more spare time to do something I am interested in.For example,in my new school we have a swimming pool so that I can swim whenever I want to.By this way I can both take exercises and improve my skill in swimming.
Every night I play th piano after supper.I can make cathy music and relax myself at the same time.On weedends after finish doing my homework and revise what we study last week,I aso have time to see a film which I like.I can study something that can not be taught at school.
After-school activities make our life more colourful.What about yours?
My favourite piace at school inclassroom,It is very bright and large,but very quite.There are alot book and15tables and 15 chairs.Thre are also many teacher and classroom ,have 4 potted flower and ablackboard .This is my favourite place.
Hello everyone.
Please note that .Firstly , I would like to tell you about that I have booked rooms 420 and 429 for this seminar .At the same time ,one of my assistants Mr.Li will be late next week due to he is ill.
In addition that I hope all of you can confirm the schedule with security.
Today, we live in a fairly comfortable world.Our lives are in general,much better materially than those of people who lived before us.But our health and lifestyle is becoming a serious problem in daily live.
There are many reasons that caused this.Here, we aims to give you an idea of how lifestyle have affected our lives and health in good or bad ways.As is known to all that people living in the modern world feel less and less happiness than and before,like in 70s or 80s.why?
The pursuit of material life can interpret it.In order to achieve our goals,we even stay up all night,eat instant noodles instead of flesh vegetables,all of lifestyle liking this finally make our health weaker and weaker.
Many ways can eliminate the effects of incorrect way of life to health.Sufficient physical activity is important and good to psychological well-being and body.The more you exercise,the more happiness and strong you will feel.Another method to build our good health that I thank is The reasonable diet, Try to balance your diet by eating more fruit and less protein.
Ok,we may get an idea and some concepts about lifestyle and health,and also know how to keep a healthy lifestyle.But to all of you,what is most important?Saying is easier than doing.What you should do is that You only need to do.
One day, I think something landed in the ground near my house as I heard a loud noise just now.
So I walk out my house to find out what happen outside.
Suddenly, I found a strange creature.
It was small, with two big eyes and a silver body.
Then it discovered me and walked to me.
I was frightened.
My name is Kevin.I come from Planet X.
My spaceship was damaged because of some faults in my spaceship.
Kevin started to live in my house.
Kevin likes to eat vegetables and drink juice.
But he sleeps in the air.
I don't know how can Kevin do it.
After a few days, Kevin told me his spaceship fixed out, so he must to go back home.
Then he walked into the spaceship and left.
I believe you had very special and happy birthday last week.
In my memories, I also had some special and unforgettable birthdays.
I often observe my birthdays with my family and friends.
On that day, my grandma cooked a delicious meal and my father bought a cute birthday cake for me.
I like it very much.
My mother prepared a present for me.
In the night, I invited my acquaintance to my home.
We consumed dinner together and turned off the light.
With singing the birthday song, I blew out the candles, and shared the birthday cake together.
During that day, I get many wonderful presents, and the good willings from others.
I will never forget that day.
It is my valuable experience.
Besides that, I want to tell you about my favorite birthday present.
It is just a very simple doll which has curly hair and wears a blue skirt.
It is not as beautiful as other dolls which are sold at shop.
It was made by my close friend who always helps me.
It is filled with my close friend 's love for me.
Even though it is not beautiful, in my eyes it is cute and valuable.
I love it very much.
Those are a part of my birthday.
I also wonder how your birthday is.
I am looking forward to your letter.
Best wishes to you.
Nowadays,blind-date show is more and more style.Many local channels are showing this show and this show have a large audience.I think that the reason why such TV-show can attract a large audience:Firstly,we all most never watch a TV-show like this show before that.Secondly, it is difficult to find your soul mate in current society so blind date is slowly into people's lives.Thirdly,this is a stage to show their own and then maybe they can overnight success.
In my opinion,blind-date show is not bad.I don't think it is a terrible thing,on the contrary,I think this is a wonderful stage to show person's advantages.As long as it doesn't appear too much poor quality programs,I think it can go on.
In modern schools, more and more students use cellphones at the schools.
They use it to play the computer games or chat online with someone else and so on.
These things are good for students or not, about which we may need to talk.
In terms of advantages, students can use cellphones pick up information, also it can make students smart.
In a ward, students can be knowledgeable by using cellphones.
On the other hand, using cellphones has the disadvantages.
Students use cellphones at the school while it makes many effects on lessons.
Their eyesight will go down.
So it can also make students tired.
In short, I think students shouldn't be allowed to use cellphones at the school, for there are many disadvantages of it.
It is better for both students and schools.
changed.
When I was still a senior high school student,I did not have much time for mosley,from morning till night,I keep learning,because in order to enter the ideal university,I have to go all out.I have to put down my story books,say goodbye with my volleyball,although for I have said,it is extremely difficult thing.At that time,I live with my parents,when I was in trouble,I can get a favor of them,and I love them very much.
I am a college student, my life become different.I have a lot free time,leering is not all of my life.There are many alternatives for me to touch new things.I can read the book what I like,playing volleyball with my friends,and so on.Nonetheless I must have to leave my home,leave my parents,it is a hard thing for me,I will try my best to get over it.I must improve myself,become a useful people.
This is my life now,this kind of change makes me excited and full of expectation for the future.
In modern sociaty ,we can't leave the book.,as we don't want to follow behind the sociaty,and want to be successfull in different aspect of life, we should have to read many books in all of our lifetime.however,there are hundrends of thoundsands of kinds of books,inspire of many published recently.As a result,some people think that we should reading selectively.in their oppinion,one should have to read the book which is good or useful for him,or it will be just waste of time.
By contrast with them,the other people think that one should have to read extensively.as our lifetime is so short that we should read as many books as they can.besides,the more knowledgeable he is,the wiser he is.after all,there no bad for one who read lots of books.
as far as i concert,we should read effectively.of course,we have limitted time,so we should make good use of our time.we should read selectively,firstly we should choice the book we need to read ,and then choice the book we want to read.then ,reading will be effective and interesting.
I think that parrots make the best pets.
Parrots is beautiful and colorful.
First, parrots can live for up to 50 years.
It is easy for us to keep the parrots.
Parrots is fed by us 2 times a day.
Second, it is easy for parrots to respond our feelings.
For example, they usually make us happy when we look sad.
Third, parrots are also clever, as a result, they can speak for us if we change them.
They can speak a short sentence, such as, "hello", "thanks"and so on.
Sometimes they sing a song too.
In my opinion, parrots are not only our pets, but also our good friends.
What's more, we should take good care of parrots until they die.
Li Hua,a fashion boy,wants to be a fashion designer.Due to he wants to design more pretty clothes for people.
Chang Lili is a kind girl who likes pants very much.Therefore she wants to be a gardener.Her dream is to make our city more beautiful and active.
Ma Kai is so outgoing that he would like to be a writter.As we all know,he likes to share a lot of wonderful stories with us.I think he can be a perfect writter.
However,Sun Jun is different from Ma Kai.Because he is a quiet boy.But he likes to cook healthy food.He would like to be a cook.
For my part,I want to a rock player.Owing to I want to perform myself,tell peopel my opinion and attitude in a crazy way.
After 3 years workin, we came to a new life that we had looked forward to already a long time.
That is college life.
But for every college student, how to have a meaningful college life is a difficult problem.
I think the more we pay for the life,the better life we will experience.
First at all.
In college, we should study hard.
Becaus of what we learn will be needed during our work skills.
Then, learn to live independently is also very important.
Besides, we should get on well with others.
Be kind for everyone and make friends with them.
The friends who you meet in college will give some valuable help in the future.
And if you have lots of real friends you won't feel lonely, you will enjoy the time in college.
Last but not least, we should develop ourselves hard.
For example, we can take part in all kinds of activities.
It can enrich our life and improve our abilities to communicate with others.
Feel the new life with a new attitude.
Maybe we can love many people in our life,parents, for example,friends and lovers, we love them very much, If I had to choose between them,I think I love my parents most.
I love my parents very much, As we all know, mother gave us life, Mother gave us love is born,the kind of love is called the most greatest love in the world, Father 's love for us and our mother gave love is not the same,my father is always strict with me, My father is a man of few words, he will not express their feelings,but I know he love me,sometimes,actions is stronger than words.
Our friends are helpful for us.Our lovers give us romantic love.
Parents give us love is selfless love,they can do everything for us ,but not for anything,they will try their best to help me whatever happens to us.
I love my parents, I will use my remaining time to filial piety.
Nowadays .
With the development of social to study abroad has become more and more popular among young person.
Someone think overseas studying has many advantages.
for example.
go abroad can study more culture of foreign.
At the same time.
it can improve our abilities to adapt their environment.
However, just as one coin has two sides, it has its disadvantages, if you meet many difficult things, nobody can help you at once.
maybe you can't communicate with foreigners better.
As far as I am concerned, To study abroad is a good chance to take exercise, So as young people, we should go out for a walk.
Before the winter, we have to be ready for the winter clothes, because it is cold in winter.
We have to wear thick clothes, to meet this winter.
The autumn leaves are still reluctant branches, the wind don't hesitate hurricane, the sky became dark, the temperature of the sun, has been unable to give us enough warmth.
Before the winter comes, do not see the green of the leaves, do not see the blue sky, for the book is foggy weather, and empty branches.
Before the winter comes, can not stand the heat gone for ever, the upcoming is unable to imagine in the cold.
Looked at the street wearing clothes are close, not leak the slightest wind.
Winter will come back, and will eventually die, nothing is permanent, nothing will have been waiting for us.
Hello,teacher and classmates,my name is Y,l come from S which is a beacutiful city.I was admitted to this university and enter it,I feel honored.
As we all konw I am boy.I am a outgoing and humorous boy.Of course, I like English and want to go further in English.Everyone will meet difficulties in study, so do I, but I'll try to overcome them and don't give up until success.
I will also be positive in life.
I'm not just a nerd, I will try to get along well with classmates and positive performance in other activities.
Finally,my English is not very good ,I can only write here,but I will study hard in English.I am sorry so teacher please forgive me.
Today, a variety of media is very rich, the person in terms of the media shopping is quite common.For example,Tian Mao and taboo are platform.Taboo 2013 Tianmao double tenth day by 35 billion as the world's largest sales network shopping festival.
Media shopping land people a lot of convenience, at the same time also brings a lot of problems.On the one hand, it saves much time, money and effort to purchase goods through media since you don't have to go to the shops in person.
Besides, you can choose what you want from an enormous variety of goods on display.
On the other hand, you may be cheated sometimes by the false information and hurt a considerable loss.
From my point of view,we may as well make chooses properly and ask professors in this way.Only by doing so can we get what we want online and set unfavorable facts aside.Shopping via media brings great welfare to our life and our economy on the whole.
At the same time, we want strengthened supervision over the information released via media.
In this way, we can acquire more benefits from shopping via media and reduce the impossible harm to a minimum.
I'm glad to hear from you.
Mobile phones are common in own life.
In my family, everyone has a mobile phone.
I got my first mobile phone when I was thirteen years old.
I was so happy when I get my mobile phone.
I usually read e-books and search the Internet with my mobILe phone.
My mouther thinks it's bad for me to take a phone, because she thinks it's bad for my study.
But my dad thinks it's good for me, because it's can let them know where I am.
The West Lake stands in T, Z Province.
It locates in the west of the city.
The West Lake is the first batch of national key scenic spots.
It covers an area of about 6.39 square kilometers, including a variety of scenery spots.
Such as Tiger-running Spring, The Lingyin Temple and Su Causeway.
People come to the West Lake to admire the great scenery.
Others come to feel the Silk Culture.
However, the attraction that arouses the greatest appreciation in the spot is the Leifeng Pagoda.
The Leifeng Pagoda is 71.679 metres tall.
When you arrive, you are rewarded not only the great scenery, but also Buddhist culture and Poetry culture.
There are many stories about the Leifeng Pagoda.
The most well-known concerns Xu Xian and White Lady's love story.
As you know, it attracts most of us.
If you are attracted by the Leifeng Pagoda and couldn't wait to visit it.
Please come and visit.
It's well worth a visit.
I had busy day.In the morning.I get up at 8 o'clock.I make up missed lessons.In the afternoon I pray the coumputer games In the night I watched running man.I bursh my teeth and go to bed.
God let us have eyes, realized the light; Have ears, listen to the beautiful voice; Have a mouth, pouring out of the heart of love.
Have the heart, experience a worldly changes in temperature.
Love is a kind of can make people from frozen heart extricate temperature.
There have been such a boy, sit to the side of the window close to the junk basket in the corner of the seat with him as let a person feel hate.
Father's laid-off, mother and with others, make the boy's mind freeze up.
He felt like volleyball, is abhorrent to parents.
He gave up beloved basketball, to start smoking, drinking, fight.
He knew the teacher in charge arrange his to the seat of the intention, the garbage is the and garbage in together.
Soon, the class in the teacher in charge.
Junk basket also changed places.
In the casual he found out the window a sunflower, toward the sun blossom proud smile.
The boy's heart was touched.
Class seat in again and again, but the boy has not been left the only can saw the sunflower seat.
Smile back to the boy's face, he break the former vice, bright and brave to gallop on the basketball court.
The boy's performance also amazing to rise, in the front of the class.
Whenever the teacher in charge announced he's performance, they would be a smile.
Is the teacher with their own enthusiasm heart as well as to student's love, melted boy frozen heart, let him to feel the warm, to realize the love.
Love is a lamp, lit up the others also warm, happy yourself.
With time going by,I have been a university student for several months.
During these months,I have been gained new knowledge,such as higher math,college English and so on.Nevertheless as far as I am concerned,the most essential course that we should learn character,except other professional knowledge.
These days,there are so many examples which suggest teenagers are not trained well.For example,some teenagers are not dutiful.They frequently leave home secretly or even have words with their parents.
In my opinion,having character education is crucial.Only in this way,can we not only have plenty knowledge,but also have a better character.Otherwise,our world would be dangerous.
We have only one Earth,so please protect it.But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.For example,some people catch fish to eat.Some people put rubbish into the sea.People throw rubbish everywhere.So there are fewer and fewer animals on land now.We burn things to make energy.This pollutes the air.We must stop doing this things.Earth is very important for us.We do not waste water and electricity.Without the Earth,we can not alive.
The morning hours are the most precious period within the single day.Imaging that you're a bird and you have enough time to catch the worm ,or a lazy bird that when the sun rises in the sky highly,you have to get up because of hungry.You drag yourself to find worm for not being starving,but few worms ban be found.
Now we can understand the whole meaning of the proverbs.Being hard-working and doing everything earlier.
Diligence may lead to success while laziness must result in failure.
Success means that we fulfill a goal which is challenging.meaningful.
In brief if you do the thing earlier,you will achieve the goal easier.
With the Spring Festival coming,I came back to my homeland.To prepare for the traditional festival,we attached red paper-cut to the windows,which meant happiness and wealth.We both wore new clothes,wishing that we could have a new attitude towards life.
The most exciting things was the big dinner cooked by everybody in my family.At the beginning,my grandparents congratulated to ourselves for the efforts we have made during the passed year.Then we sat at the table,watching excellent TV programes and enjoying the delicious food.
As a traditional festival,the Spring Festival carries lots of memories and joy.It means not only that family get together,but also the wish that we should make progress in the future.
I have learnt dancing for nearly one year and I have already made several public dancing performances.
It is not hard for me to dance in front of others now.
But I still remember the first time that I danced on the stage.
I had practised for the performance for a month and finally the day came.
I was so nervous that my heart almost jumped out.
My mind went blank and I can hardly breath when I came up to the stage.
But as the music started, my mind was full of the movements that I had danced over hundreds of times.
I fell into the music as the music and me were one.
But, in fact, I still could not look at the audience straightly.
Finally the music stopped, the sweat streamed down on my face.
I still can not help smiling when I think of the story today.
That day is the most memorable day in my dancing life, and I will keep it in my heart, for ever.
The book is the human spirit food.
Of course, different person has different views.
Some think we should read widely; they are sure that if one wants to be successful, he or she must read lots of books.
However, some think we should read selectively; they believe that some books are bad for us, we must read selecting.
In my opinion, it is never too old to read.
Reading books is good for us, we can choose some books to glance and then find our own interested books.
And we could study these books intently.
Only in this way, can we read books accurately.
Miss Hoson was worked in my office for two years.While she woked in my office,Everybody knows she is very honest and working hard.She is good at English and German,Special in tongue.So I think she can easy to do some job like translation .
For better devolepe in the furture ,Miss Hoson want to work in your office as secretary,So we totelly agree with her idear.
Please return to me as soon as possible.
Online shopping is very common for our life now , which becomes a new means to shopping .
People are very like this way to shopping , because online shopping is very convenient and people shouldn't go out to find something they want to buy .
People only can apply computer to shopping , which can spare much time .
And online shopping is cheaper than go out to buy , which alse can continue much money .
Shopping on-line not only has many reward but alse take many disadvantages .
It's not safety and many real objects are not better than online , people are easy taken in .
we should faced correctly to online shopping .
If you are busy and not take much time to shopping , you can choose online shopping but remember you should find an honesty store , which can avoid you to take in .
If you have much time , you can go out to shopping that maybe fun .
In may opinion , I think online shopping will develop quicly and become more and more common ,and will become more normal .
honesty and safety to our living.
With college graduation just weeks away,a great many senior students are going to leave school,heading for the new stage of their life .Therefore,a growing heated discussion on how to make the departure memorable arises.
Subsquently,a thought-provoking phenomenon emerged.Some over-passsionated students choose to express their excitement by throwing bottles from upstairs,committing vandalism and even fighting after drinking too much,being reckless of the safety of the pedestrians or the negative impact exerted to the campus construction.The reason why they do such may be that they feel long-term restrainted by the strict rules and would like to do something they had been afraid of doing.Despite how academic qualifications they had got,the behaviour mentioned above show nothing but their impoliteness and moral deficiency.
From my point of view,it is the graduates who ought to set a good example for the junior students.After all,the impressive leaving depends much more on what you do that can benefit the school rather than impose irreparable damage to the infrastructure of it.By behaving politely,one can make it feasible to relive a sweet memory of the bygone days instead of a pity as a result of irrationality.
Yesterday,our class started a discussion about whether animals should be kept in zoos.And I will tell you the results we discussed yesterday.
Forty percent of students thought that we should keep animals in zoos.On the one hand,they thought that people can see a great variety of animals.On the other hand,animals can be taken good care of by keepers in zoos.And sixty percent of students didn't agree with them.I think they thought the animals are the members of the nature so they may like to live in the wild.And if they are kept in cages they will not only lose their freedom but also difficult to move.
I support the second view.Because,the animals just like human,all of us may have our own life,and every life should have its own freedom.Otherwise,they will not become happiler and happiler.
How to protect the animals?Please stop killing and eating animals.Let's protect the animals now.
Nowadays,it becomes a common phenomenon that undergraduates pay more attention to romance than school work.I really don't think it's helpful to these college students.
For one thing,the behavior will take up so much time,which should have been used in study.The time of university is the most valuable time in the rest of our life,because we will finish the progress of from a teenager to an adult if we treated it seriously.For another thing,seeking romance also mean costing numerous money.As a student on campus,none of us have a stable and decent salary,so all of the money we have just only come from our parents.As we all know,it's very hard for them to pay our tuition and maintenance,so we can not burden them the whole weight any more.
As far as I'm concerned,we should make the most of our time to acquire useful knowledge and skills,instead of seeking romance on campus.
Nowadays,it is not uncommon to see some great deeds,though they have to pay a lot even their life for greatness.
Recently,the greatness driver Wubin in the last moment of life completed mission of a driver.He saved the person of whole car but hem-self.People hold different opinions towards this phenomenon.Some people believe that good men will get paid,and they should help someone who needs help.Other people think it will get a lot of trouble,it is stupid to help someone,so they always think it instead do it.
As a university student,I think we should help someone who needs help within our ability,and we should encourage more people to pass the positive energy in society.
Nowadays, cellphones are becoming more and more popular in the middle school.
Whether students can take cellphones to school, different people have different opinions about this question.
Someone agrees with that students should be allowed to use cellphones in classrooms.
They think cellphones have many useful tools such as recordings, videos and also dictionaries.
Students can use them in class that can take notes easily.
Besides someone thinks students will easily get contact with their parents if they are under a lot of pressure.
As each coin has two sides.
Someone thinks it does harm to students if they use cellphones in classrooms.They believed classrooms are place where students study.
If students take cellphones to classrooms they manage to study.
If cellphones ring on the class which will affect the teacher and classmates.
There is no denying that the cellphones may do harm to us sometimes, but in my opinion, only if we use cellphones at a proper time and a proper place then can we make the phone bring more benefits to ourselves.
Campus life should be colorful and meaningful.
Now, I am a junior.
The graduation is around the corner.
With the internship coming, I should try my best to make my campus life more colorful.
First of all, there is a lot of space needed to improve my oral English.
I think English club is a good choice.
If joining it more, I am confident in getting a great progress.
In addition, a person who has inner beauty should read more valuable books.
I ought to read more English books, including classics, modern fiction, poetry, drams and so on, which is significant for practicing my major and even my personality.
Above all, in order to acquire some experience, some volunteer activities are needed that can provide a good chance to use English in reality.
Although an amount of student dream of travelling in UK, France and so on, my choose is, Switzerland.
Switzerland,situated in middle of Europe, which cover an area of 4.1 square kilometers,has a population of 7,500,000.
It's gernerally that Switawelabd has a beatiful sense of nature, as a result, it's called "the Garden of World" .
Switzerland is next to Austria, France, Italy and German and the capital of it is Berne.
It's well-known that Geneva, one of the most famous cities in the world, is in Switzerland.
Switzerland, a developed countries, has a higher encomony level.
As we all know, watch industry is the greatest of all time as well as chemistry and food industry.
So it's worth for us to take a trip in Switzerland.
No garden without its weeds.
While the rhythm of people's living is speeding up,a lot of changes have taken place in the environment.Nowadays, little people are aware of the dangerous of the global warming.
It has many harmful effects.
Such as sea level rise, natural disasters happen frequently and so on,the most important is harming humans.
So we should spare no effort to reduce the global warming.
First, we should go to work on foot or by buses instead of driving cars.Second, we can use more clean energy rather than fuel and oil.
Third, we can call people to protect the environment.
As far as I am concerned, I think we can begin to do with our neighbor, above all, we can't afford to waste resources to reduce and repeated use of resources.Then,we also can plan trees on our free time.
We should turn off lights when we leave.
We should form the habit of our daily life.
If everyone stuck to the rules,we can do a great thing by protecting our earth.Only do this way,we can't be punished by nature.
The Spring Festival is considered tobe themost important festival in Chinese culture especially in each Chinese mind.
There are some traditions that we always do in spring festival as follows.
Being polluted seriously, the quantity of the air becomes worse and worse.
Due to the emissions produced from the factory or car and the destruction of the forest, more metropolis suffer from the issue.
As a result, when people breathe the prejudicial gases, it will do harm to your health and cause some terrible diseases like lung cancer etc.
To solve this problem, it's suggested that the government should make rules to limit the number of cars, meanwhile people should go out on foot or by bus instead of driving a car.
In addition,ban factories from discharging the untreated sewage or harmful gases is another effective way to reduce pollution.
A lot of people don't feel happy now,and they claim that to be happy is hard because the society is so complex that they don't have time to think about it.Then they feel anxiety,inhibit,resent,sadness and upset.However,I think to be happy is easy.
In my opinion the reason why they can't feel happy is that they don't know how to get it.As we know happy is a feeling from one's heart.And my friend always say that the happy people always are very happy.I agree with him.
.Third,just smile.Smiles have magical power which can make you and other people happy whenever and whatever you do.Fourth,help someone else.Helping others can show your value.
I suppose that to be happy is a simple thing.Now,how about you?
Nowadays,low carbon life is extremely popular.Of course,more and more serious problems ,such as the increasing global temperature,melting ice and the rising slavering,people are recognizing the importance of mature the low carbon life.
As a student ,it is my responsibility to do something for the earth.I will use little plastic bag to reduce white pollution.
In order to save energy I will more trees so that the atmosphere will be fresher.I will take less life and reuse water .
If everyone takes action,our environment will better and better.our earth will change beautiful.Low carbon life can not allow waste everyone rescues,so we must protect the environment from pollution.
In my opinion,we should use low carbon life attitude which protect earth environment.
Different people will offer quite different ways, because everyone can do what like themselves.
Here are my favorite ways of learning, it can have some advantages and disadvantages.
First of all, I love the teacher teach the course, because I don't love by myself learning.
What's more, it can make me more easy appreciate, it is crucial for me to make great progress.
In addition, the teacher gives a clear answer, I love the teacher writing on the background, I love taking the book notes, let me more easy remember, but I don't like by myself learning, for I have not great capability of self-control, I cannot better understand the course.
However, this way may have some disadvantages, because psychological depend on the teacher, because it is universally acknowledged that the teacher also is not everything.
This week, four of us gave a brief introduction of Talcott Parsons, a world famous well-known sociologist from American, and my part is to illustrate a theory named AGIL paradigm, which is a part of his action theory,AGIL defines the cultural system, the personality system etc.We can use the framework of AGIL to analyze social phenomena.
However, someone maybe questions that the theory is too abstract to be used constructively in any significant empirical research.
For the oral presentation itself, I think it is not good enough because we list so many words in PPT that the audience may feel a litter boring, to an orator,it is important to attract the attention of the audience,if not,you failed.more pictures and a few words together with some keys words are better for an effective oral presentation.
In the future,if we give other academic presentations, using body language and eye contract can help us receive an unexpected response.If you can take it, you can make it.
Besides, to improve the logic and clarity especially for comparison writing,we can draw a table to display the organization of your collected information.
Last but not least,we should know how to Paraphrase and avoid Plagiarism,taking notes of key words and ideas during research.
If the idea in a phrase consists of more than 3 words, then rephrase it into your own words.
I am 20-year-old.
Although I am a young man, I am very ashemed of facing familiar person.
That's very strange I think.
For example, in the college, my classmates always stay in the dormitory or go to the dining hall.So I can see them from time to time, but I don't willing to say hello to them.
I will feel very awkward.
I will feel relaxed when them say hello to me or not to see me.
I know this habit is extremely bad, I even became a shopping guide in the summer holiday.
But that's have little effect.
I am very distressed this but I don't know how to solve the problem.
Maybe I am not mature.
I think this habit will be changed in the future.
I had a special experience last year.I stay at home alone.And when I knew this,I was so happy that I did everything without parents.
When my parents out,I was sleeping until 12 o'clock.After that,I cooked a simple dinner and I ate it very fast.Next,I played the table tennis with my friends.I was very happy.
When my parents came back,I told them I took care of myself and my things could depend on myself.I think it is very good.
From the picture,we can see that the son said"I am a bit worried about disposing of unclear waste",but the father told him if he can empty the dustbin here,he can do anything.
Through the father's view,I can understand what the father's mean.He just want to tell the boy the importance of doing small things.There is no doubt that whatever you do in the future,you should solve every small things you faced.For example even if we want to read books,we also should learn Chinese before,before we eat,we should learn how to use chopsticks.
The period,housing problem is one of the best popular in cities.Housing problem usually became person have concentrate on one issue at his leisure.Housing problem to become more serious every day.Which reason lead to this problem?I find three reasons from my neighbour.
The first one,because of more and more countryman remove to the cities.They influenced the development of economy.The next one is people increase the demand of houses.They need more houses for their children.The last reason is the real estate is very unfavorable.Because they want to win more benefit.
In my opinion,I think the government should adjust the housing policy.It can make people live better.
Transformers are a series movie which illustrate a story between the robots and mankind and it has updated the fourth which I am going to talk about in this composition.
I love transformers because not only the story is extremely stunning but also it brings the great merits to me such as the justice,courage and so on which shines the essence of humanity.Optimus Prime standing for the justice with its partners for protecting the planet,is always against the evil represented by Megatron.In this battle,some persons like Harold Attinger attacks their friends robots for power and authority which make me feel the part of humanity is avaricious and ugly.Nevertheless,of unusual importance,the brilliance of humanity is embodied by Cade Yeager and other persons supporting the robots in adverse situation and in return the robots assisting them,Which makes me impressed and believe human.
I appreciate Transformers that is an excellent movie giving me happiness and profoundly thinking.I am looking forward to the next film.
As all of us have known,details aren't only the easiest things that we may ignore,but also the most pivotal ones in our daily life.
Some people may think that it mikes no difference to their life if they think little of being more careful about details.
I bet you did and you must be very upset then.
As the famous saying goes:Details determine success or failure.
With the progress of the society and the development of technology,the pollution of our environment becomes more and more serious.
As for me,a healthy environment and a healthy way of life are important to our health.
So I concern it most.
There is plenty of environmental pollution.
The most popular problem is air pollution,water pollution and urban environment pollution.
We can't live without air and water.
And human being needs fresh air just like fish need clean water.
So we won't have a better life when the air and water are polluted.
What's more,there are two thirds water of the planets has been polluted,and many factories are still causing a lot of water and air resources polluted.
If it goes on like this,our health will be in danger.
In wy opinion,we should stop ourselves from polluting at first.
Don't go to work by driving or taking a bus,try your best to walk.
When you catch sight of rubbish,please pick it up and toss it into the trash can.
And for the government,stop factories from discharging pollutants is extremely urgent.
Once we begin,we must do.
Let's protect our environment together.
Welcome to this year's English speech competition.
I'm the president of students union.
Please allow me to make some details clear.
This is an annual competition with the theme of "The English Novel I Like Best" this year, aiming at developing skills of listening and speaking as well as habits about reading among the participants.
If you are the speecher, what matters most is that your speeching should be showing within 5 minites.
Meanwhile, fluency in English is a certain advandage over others.
What's more, it's a right way to impress the audiences with an accurate pronunciation.
Finally, hope the activity has an happy ending.
In the modern society of china ,more and more people perfer to take civil service exam .According to ststistics, it have 1.4 million people take civil service exams.
The following is my opinion.
First, i think that traditional thoughts is the origin .Since long long ago,Chinese people have thoughts that goverment employee is a good job.Once become a goverment employee ,you can got anything ,lncluding money power and the most important is the face .
Second, Taking civil service exam is a choose, In the modern society ,finding job are more and more difficult.Besides, pressure of work also become strong .So, many people choose goverment employee it is steady and relaxed .
The above of two reason is our analysis of partial.
As far as i am concerned,no matter what's job you choosen, you should promise that you love it and will try your best to do it.
of course ,we shouldn't follow others blindly .
Finally, I hope everyone will have a satisfied job and the society become more and more harmony .
About 40% of participants agreed to keep animals in zoos.They thought that if we do that,citizen can appoach animals to watch them.Without any danger,animals can be taken good care of by the zoo keepers.
However,60% of participants objected to this opinion.Animals would like to live in the wild.The caged animals couldn't live freely.
In my opinion,animals should be kept in zoos.In this way,scientists can do more research about them.
What's more,variety of endangered animals can avoid the threat of dying out.
To protect animals,people should form the habit to save what we use in daily life.The sourse of them is nature.Nature is the home of both animals and human beings!
Seeing the salt in the kitchen,I remember my grandma,who accompanied me to spend the lonely childhood.
At that time,my parents are often engaged in their business.Only my grandma brought me.The time with grandma is always happy.Once upon a time,I stood beside my grandma while she was cooking.Then she put a pinch of salt in the pan.I asked :"What is that you put it in the pan just now?
"She answered :"It is salt.
""It is what can make food taste good.
"As soon as I heard that,I grabbed a handful of salt into my mouth.
"I shouted.
"Grandma looked at me with laugh and tear.She talked to me with patience:"Honey,only a little can make it taste good instead of so much.Life is the same,too much is not great.
"I nodded with confusion.I cannot understand it at that age.However,I gradually got it when I grow up.
Few years later,grandma passed away.Yet she still in my mind.She is my unforgettable in my life.
Nowadays, the relationship between lifestyle and health has become more and more crucial in people's life.
With the living standards elevating, more and more people pay a tremendous number of money on their health.
So, every one of us should know the answers of the two topics.
The first topic is you should know the relationship between lifestyle and health is what.
As a doctor said:" remain a healthy lifestyle and have a healthy body is just like see a beauty and have a good mood", if you remain a very healthy lifestyle, you will have a very strong body and an optimistic attitude.
The next topic is how to keep a healthy lifestyle.
If you don't know, I will help you and give you some suggestions.
One way is you should take regular exercise.
Such as football, basketball, yoga, and so on.
You can select one or two sports to take in.
In this process you should remember "insist on".
Another way is having a very good diet habit.
You must remember that fast food and carryout foods are all junk food.
The food with a little sugar and salt is good for your health.
Vegetable and fruit is necessary for every day.
From above we should clear that:" sports and a balance diet is necessary to a good lifestyle.
In the same time, a good lifestyle is essential to a health body".
Si Maguang is a world-famous politician who lived in Song Dynasty.
When he was a seven-year-pld boy, he showed his talent.
One day, when he was playing hide-and-seek in a yard with his friends, one of them dropped into a big tank which was filled with water and asked for help.
Some of them were crying because of the scare, some were out for help, but only Si Maguang found a way to save him.
He hit the tank hard until it has been broken and the water ran out, then the child was able to get out of it.
The adults soon arrived.
To their surprise, the child had already been saved by Si Maguang.
I think the reason that Si Maguang made a big success was that he could think about the same thing in a different way from others.
How is everything going?In this letter I will tell introduce several books that I think we should read .
Fist of all ,we should read books involved in college life .At the beginning ,we may find it difficult for us to adapt to the new environment here .Therefore,it is necessary for us to read these books ,which will help you adapt to the new surroundings more easily and quickly.And then you should read linguistic books .Languages are tools that help us express ourselves .Inord to express ourselves accurately and perfectly ,read them.But for that ,you also need to read scientific books .Only a man equipped with scientific knowledge can keep pace with the procession of the m modern world .
So without doubt ,read them.In addition ,the last but not the least important,history is also worthy of reading .Through history you can get at many famous people as well as their theories .Read them and jot down the useful informition,which you may use in the future .
And finally,thanks for your reading and attention.Best wishes to you .
When you enter this oblong living room, the first thing that leaps to your eyes is the rectangle wooden coffee table,which is in the middle of the whole living room.
In front of the table,you can see a beautiful painting in the middle of the wall.
Under the table,there is a yellow rug with soft fur.
