It can reflect your personal taste and temperament.
Wear appropriate dress at work, more than the expression of thousands of words.
Clean and comfortable, simple and easy dress is the most important.
So I think it is not only to yourself an enjoyment but also let others feel clean.
I think it is important for us to read books.AS us growing,reading a good book can help us get knowledge.It can help us understand many things.We can bronden our horizons by reading.It can improve our imagination.By reading,we can learn about the world better.Book is our best friend.For example,many famous people in history all think reading can help peoplea lot.When we enjoy reading,we are spending fantastic time.Different people like reading different kinds of books,such as novels,poem,stories.These books can all help us become happy.So I think reading is important.Let us read books together.
It is known to us the virtue of the Chinese is thrift.
However people are wasting many resources with them becoming richer and richer.
So,the government declared that the campaign of empty plates .
It can not solve squander this problem primarily, we have to save things from other ways.
Of course,waste sorting is one of the best choices to save resources and it is very important for our environment .
For example, many materials can be recycled to use again and again.
Such as bottle, paper and iron.
Some cleaner collected these things to sell and gain some money to support their family.
Waste sorting not only can save soil but also clean air.
If we bury garbage into the soil, the water will be polluted and it will take much time and money.
There are many poisonous heavy metals in rubbish, the metal cannot degradation.
Waste sorting reduces rubbish more than 50% except the recycled and difficult degradation.
Waste sorting is able to decrease the harm of the poisonous metal for humans and protect animals.
In short, waste sorting is necessary for our society and benefit for our circumstances.
We should pay more attention to it.
Nowadays,students have to do a large amount of study assignments so that they can enter a well-known college and then have a glorious position after graduation.
I don't think it is appropriate any way.
Tom is a primary school student.
"Wait a moment.
His mother held him up.
Tom complained in depression.
Summer vacation is over, I am going to grad three.
So I decided to do some meaningful action the summer holiday.
I hope I can do some tutorial in the summer holiday.
For example, lessons in Math and English so that not forget too much.And then I hope I can see some books about philosophy books to enrich my life.
Reading is a meaningful thing, so I will take seriously.Despite the summer holidays there will be a lot of time spent on the work, but I have decided to have some sports to keep healthy is my body.
I think it will be a pleasant summer holiday.
As the proverb goes:failure is the mother of success.We may face the failures in daily life.When you face failures,how do you deal with them?
It is commonly believed that failures are unavailable.But people still have different choices.For example,some people may lose their heart and give up working hard.On the contrary,the others probably take an active attitude in their failures.In my opinion,the latter is worth learning.From another perspective,they know they have a long way to go.They will succeed one day.The confidence is pretty important to lead you to success.
In recent years, formal examination has become a hot topic.
Some people hold the belief that formal examination is the only reliable and feasible method to measure a person's ability.While others argue that it is out of date.As for me,I tend to the latter.
To begin with the word"high scores but low abilities".It shows that nowadays,the disadvantages of the formal examination has been exposed.Examination is just a method to check your learning ability.A person who can learn well doesn't mean he can use the knowledge well.That is to say,examination can't represent a person's ability to put knowledge into practice.And the examination is just for checking one's ability of study,but in our daily life,the one we need is the one who can do things well instead of learning well.
Furthermore, we need to remember that examination isn't reliable because the test results have a chance.As a result of many factors,even a clever people may also get a poor mark in formal examination.Consequently,it can't show anything sometimes.
In a word,i don't think Formal Examination is reliable and feasible.What's your opinion?Tell me.
Spring festival which hands down from generation to generation is a traditional and the most important festival in China.
To the Chinese people it is as important as Christmas to people in the West.
the dates for this annual celebration are determined by the lunar calendar rather than the solar calendar, so the timing of the holiday varies from late January to early February.
As for me, the spring festival was not so special this year.
I didn't get many relatives so I had meal with parents and grandparents as well as watched the Spring Festival Gala.
We watched the fireworks in the sky.
We were very happy and excited.
After that, I made a wish.
I hope that, we can have a happy and healthy life next year and everyone in my family can be happy.
Except enjoying the spring festival what the most important is inheriting our own culture.
Nowadays, more and more college students prefer to stay at the dormitory or watch movies rather than join in social practice.
In their opinions, it is unnecessary for them to join in social practice.
So they just have fun with their friends in their spare time.
Social practice is very important especially for college students.
College students not only studies well, but also takes part in social practice.
They can benefit a lot by taking part in social practice.
As far I'm concerned, it is essential for college students to take part in social practice.
On the one hand, college students represent the hope of our country.
They should well in many aspects.
Our modem society not only stresses knowledge of college students, but also their skills.
College students can improve their abilities, experience life and keep a good figure by taking part in social practice.
In a word, as college students, we should take part in social practice.
Boys and girls.
It is a great honour for me to make this speech.A piece of ridiculous captures my attention that a newly-enrolled university student obliges her mother to purchase a trio of Apple products.
What impressed most was she do this without thinking of the financial woes.No wonder that her mother has no choice but to kneel down with tears.What a pity we can see this phenomenon in our society.
There is a growing trend that more and more children like this girl ask for luxury goods instead of being freed from financial dependence on their parents.Tlerefore, it's essential to parents to teach their kids how to depend on themselves.Besides,every child should take account of the family's financial condition rather than purchase things unrestrictedly.Only through this way,can we take appropriate measures to save money.
I firmly hold the belief that as long as parents and children work with joint efforts,we can change this condition.
Thank you for your listening.
Respect teachers and fellow students: Good afternoon.
I feel extremely honoured to obtain the opportunity to address.
Nowadays, a reckless and terrific phenomenon that college students adhere to purchasing a trio of Apple products in spite of their mothers' tears has become extraordinarily controversial.
On hearing the news,I am dismayed and despised them.
What irritates me is that a proportion of students endeavor to enjoy luxuries instead of being engrossed in academic experiments.On no account could they do this!
From my own perspective, I allege that their conception of plainness is gradually diluting.
Notwithstanding restraining students from being exposed to the society isn't instrumental in helping the children knowing other's bitter life.
But the fundamental reason is that parents have shown excessive love to them and they are accustomed to it.
Undoutedly speaking, without restrict, this phenomenon will jeopardize their promising life, their harmonious family and even our country's future.
Therefore, it is high time that this matter should be pondered over again and again and more importance should be attached to it for such alarmist is what we shouldn't ignore.
At last, I hope homogeneous thing won't happen.
If you want to look for a good job,you must pass company's interview.During the interview,if you make a good impression to the company,the job may fit in you.And you must in a great attitude toward it.
I have no experience,but I have some ideas.
First,if you want to succeed in a job interview,you should correct your attitude.And I think you would not show you too confident,or too nervious.Second,on that day,you'd better to wear a suit and correct you behavior.It's best not to wear new clothes,put on your normal suit,you would feel more comfortable.Third,always smile,leave a good impression.And then,when you speak,you'd better to use honorific.THe last one,when you introduce your major,I think explaining your own professional knowledge as detailed as possible.And seeking truth from facts,I think it is more importance than everything else.
The above is my views,hope to aid you.
In moder time, university students take part in social practice is good for students.
Nowadays, they are very good for speculative knowledge, but the manipulative ability is dreadful.
They can't make theoretic and practicable mix together.
In China's colleges, many universities encourage students to take part in social practice activities.
At the holiday, many students take part in social practice activities and take part time jobs.
The students have benefited from social practice.
On the one hand, they can study and make them come to know society.
On the other hand, the social practice can make theoretic and practical mix together.
I think, students take part in social practice is necessary, but they should pay attention to something, the first, safe is very important, the second, not hold up their study.
There are three passions I have lived for among many passions existing in my life.
My inner world is supported by them.
They are family love, poetry and book.
These passions, like great winds, have blown me hither and thither, in a wayward course over a deep ocean of anguish, reaching to the very verge of despair.
Beyond all doubt, family love is in the first row.As the saying goes that the best relationship is the human family.
Who gave me life and brought me up is parents.
It was parents that taught me the truth in life.
I will lose power and courage to go forward.
As the saying goes, books are the ladder of human progress.
Next in importance, poetry and books also takes up the very important place.
I fall in love with poetry when I read the first poem through three hundred tang poems and I also have interests to book all along.
Not only do I like Chinese books but I also take an interest in books from abroad.
In my past 19 years, my life becomes colorful due to the existence of family love, poetry and book.
At the same time, I firmly believe that I will become better and better in my life with the associate of family love, poetry and book.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm lucky to have won the photo competition in our school.
First, I'd like to thank my teachers.
They encouraged me to enter the competition and also taught me many skills in taking photos.
Then I'd like to thank my uncle.
At the age of 12, I became interested in taking photos.
When I was 13, he gave me a camera as my birthday present.
Since them, I have become more and more interested in taking photos.
Eveyone has his or hers own admire person,and the person may be your teacher or parents .Different people have different admire a person .Of course I have one person who is Jefferson, and I can learn from him .
Thomas Jefferson,the third President of the USA, and he wrote the Declaration of Independence .He was an expert in agriculture ,archeology,and medicine.He practiced crop rotation and soil conservation a century before these standard practice ,and he invented a plow superior to any other in existence.
He influenced architecture throughout America , and he was constantly producing devices for making the tasks of ordinary life easier to perform.Thomas Jefferson ,who believed that only a nation of educated people could remain free.
There is much that I can learn from him.First,go and see ,we should obtain knowledge from many source besides book and personal investigation is essential .Second,we can learn from everyone,for example our parents or teacher sister brother.
We can learn the different thing from the different people .Third,we should judge for ourselves.Neither believed nor reject anything ,because any other person has rejected or believed it.
Fourth ,do what we believe is right and believe ourselves .
In a word ,the thing I learn more from Jefferson is useful for me .
Different people have different views on to be professional or to be erudite.Some hold that to be professional is more significant than to be erudite,because it is impossible to learn a various of subjects well to a person for there is not enough energy and time.Yet,others believe that those who are erudite has advantages over those who are professional.They say to be erudite will enhance college students' over-all development and competitiveness in the long run.
To be honest,I hold the view that being professional and being erudite are of equal importance.Actually,it takes being professional to erudite as it takes being erudite to professional.For instance,when majoring in broadcaster, one must know it is necessary to be erudite.Otherwise,the words from Bai Yansong can't be profound.Of course,this is also connected with organization skills of language.As we all know,with the development of computer technology,our world has changed well.Now,you must do well in math if you tend to concentrate on computer subject.
On the other hand, inter-disciplinary talents are the apple in the eyes of today's society,but to be a inter-disciplinary talent,you must master your profession well at first,then you will expand your scope of knowledge.So college students should learn to study widely for your own profession.
By the large,we advocate to be erudite,but we can't ignore being professional.
Specialization is the popular trend of modern science.
Even in ancient times, there may not be accurate all-rounder, let alone in today's society.Therefore,we should pursue deep single-pointedness on the basis of erudition to broad but refined, specialized state,we must know it's difficult to be professional without erudition.This means you can't stand in society easily.
Beijing Opera is the quintessence of China.
As an ancient art, opera costume, facial mask is more easily loved.
Different types of clothing to reflect the different characteristics of the identity of the characters.
A rich and exquisite embroidery encrusted clothing; destitute of clothing is simple and elemental, with little decoration .
Facebook is an important means of shaping the characters in the opera, it is a different color on the face sketched out.
Face color people see at a glance the portray of good and evil.
For example, white represents treachery, black represents integrity is not A, is brave yellow, blue, green and more for rebellious fighters, gold, silver and more for divinity and Buddhism and so on.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival for the Chinese people and is when all family members get together, just like Christmas in the West.
All people living away from home go back, becoming the busiest time for transportation systems of about half a month from the Spring Festival.
Airports, railway stations and long-distance bus stations are crowded with returnees who want to go back home.
Store owners are busy then as everybody goes out to purchase necessities for the New Year.
Materials not only include edible oil, rice and meat, but also include fruit, candies and kinds of nuts.
What's more, various decorations, new clothes and shoes for the children as well as gifts for the elderly, friends and relatives, are all on the list of purchasing.
Before the New Year will come, the people completely clean their homes indoors and outdoors as well as their clothes, bedclothes and all their utensils.
Then people will begin to decorate their houses into an atmosphere of happiness.
All the door will be affixed with Spring Festival couplets.
In fact, there are many similarities between Chinese and western culture.
For example,Christmas or Christmas Day is an annual commemoration of the birth of Jesus Christ.
In addition,a special Christmas family meal is traditionally an important part of the holiday's celebration, and the food that is served varies greatly from country to country.
Some regions, such as Sicily, have special meals for Christmas Eve, when 12 kinds of fish are served.
In Western culture, the holiday is characterized by the exchange of gifts among friends and family members, some of the gifts being attributed to Santa Claus (also known as Father Christmas, Saint Nicholas, and Father Frost).
However, various local and regional Christmas traditions are still practiced, despite the widespread influence of American, British and Australian Christmas motifs disseminated by film, popular literature, television, and other media.
Chinese and western culture supplement each other, for the world to add a beautiful rainbow.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
Nowadays, with the sharp increasing of world's population, the contradiction between people and land is causing a series of problems.
One of those problems which is the closet one to our life is the busier traffic.
In order to solve it, people enlarge cities by cutting down forests and overdeveloping natural resources.
The disappearance of forests brings sandstorm, the overdevelopment brings unexpected danger.
Besides, we are faced with the lack of water and the pollution of the air.
I think we are not completely unable to change this situation.
We should really call on public to notice the importance of environmental protection.
After that, we can organize some voluteering activities such as planting trees, helping clean the streets or just told people what we can do to reduce waste.
I hope there would be one day that our planet gets beautiful again.
Best wishes.
Now,we attended college,facing a bigger changelage for ourselves.how to be confident on campus plays a more and more vital role in our life.
Some students think of that they con't do well things by themselves,dare not to attend some action in spite of sghool's or class's,they are worry about they do not well and make mistakes.This is not good.
I think we shoud belive ourselves,who can do well by effort.We should take part in actively actions,con show better ourselves,are good at showing ourselves advantagements.We might also be communicate with well others,make friends with other students.We should try to do excuse to make you better and improve the independent of ability,which can alse set up confident.So,we don't care of youself con;t do,we should belive ourselves.there is confident it important to apply for job and live.
Therefore,we should be confident for future.
Nowadays,there are more and more people coming to the cities.And we can easily see the situation that a large number of people walk in the street,but it costs them more time to arrive where people want to get to.
Overcrowding in cities really lead to so many problems,which needs people to pay more attentions.On the one hand,the resources of the cities is far away enough.Maybe in some corners,the poor couldn't have the necessary food in their tough life.Also, the problems of traffic is needed to be settled down well.
On the other hand,because so many people in cities,it has a big influence in the environment.What's more,the air pollution and some other environment problems,which has threatened to our life.
It's high time to take some measures.So first we should control the number of people,maybe the rural is a good place for some people to start a new life.Next,we should make an effective measure to protect the environment.The future of us needs us to try our best,surely,we everyone should devote ourselves.
Apparently,it is popular that many students use computer to study something since online education have been set up.And more and more students attend to it .
As far as I am concerned ,this popular thing is resulted by the popular of computer and students'curiosity .Besides,it is more convenience to students to learn online.What'more,students would learn much other things which is not in books in that the Internet includes much knowledge.
As the saying goes,every paper has two sides.I suppose education online would bring more things to students who really want to learn more.And I also think that it is necessary for students to fine a best way to study well.I suggest that students should not only learn in class but also learn on line.I believe that only in this way can students learn what they want to learn.And I hope more and more students would study well and make much contribution to our country.
People in modern society disobey the law, but recently, the number of crimes committed by female person all around the world is increasing.
It has aroused fierce controversy as to the reason why women choose to break the law.
The most important reason why women commit a crime is so prevalent in today's society is the spiritual emptiness on the part of many female people.
Some female people, especially the beauty women, lack of self-control and easy to access to the material society.
So they become the criminals in order to reach their purposes.
Other cause if widespread women break the law also must be taken into account.
There include ignorance and curiosity about crimes, lack of knowledge about law.
The women in temptation do not realize the seriousness of problem.
The are out to make money at the way of breaking the law.
The society should undertake the due obligations that the crime rate of women is increasing.
One reason is that the social status of men and women are not equal.
In China, the equality of the gender is only in the theory.
In fact, compared with women, many establishment pay more attention to the male employees when they recruit the new staff.
So it provoked female people disapproval.
Women's survival pressures are greater than the male.
So more and more women commit crimes in the society.
However, this social problem is not an incurables one.
The most effective solutions, in my opinion, is to put them into the imprisonment and teach them survival skills and legal knowledge.
It is the best way to prevent them reverting to crime.
Furthermore, the society should change the social status of different gender and the government should reduce the female survival pressures by setting up more vocations for women .
There are 40% students in our class think it should be kept in the zoo.
First, people can see different kinds of animals.
Second, animals can be taken good care of.
But there are 60% students think animals should not be kept in the zoo.
First, they like living in the nature because they can challenge themself by being catching other animals.
Also, the animals in the zoo don't have any freedom so they can't move freely.
In my opinion, I think animals should be kept in the nature, because natual is really their home.
They should return their original simplicity instead of living in the zoo.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
First the population of the world is raising so rapidly that it causes food shortage.
In order to solve this problem, people have to overdevelop the plough.
Too many trees are also cut down.
Besides, because of the waste of people's daily using water, water resource is deficient now.And the air is polluted heavily.
I suggest that take strategy sustainable development.It's a good idea to use more alternative energy and follow the " reduce, reuse, recycle" principle.
I hope we will live in a fine condition in the future.
Protecting environment is our duty.
Today, we had a discussion meeting about animals.
From the discussion meeting, 40% of people think animals should be kept in the zoos so people can go and see them.
On the other hand, animals will be well attended.
The rest of people think that animals should live in the wild instead of imprisoned in the zoos because animals like being free and they belong to the nature, not the cold cages.
This is not merely a cruel experience for all the animals but we also dehumanize ourselves by doing this behavior.
Animals should be kept free all the time.
Therefore we should live in harmony with animals and not butcher them for their fur or teeth.
Recently,a really talent show,The Voice of China, appeals to a large number of TV audiences.There'no doubt that The Voice of China has been the most popular talent show in this summer.
In this talent show, the judges do not appreciate the singer's performance face to face.Once they have heard the voice which touched them,they will press the button.No sooner have they pressed the button than the chairs turn around,which means the singer gets the opportunity to be their pupil.Particularly,if more than one judge turns around,the participant has the right to make the final decision.
As far as I'm concerned,the reason why The Voice of China gains popularity among the TV audiences is that the show has given people positive energy.As a faithful audience of The Voice of China,I have learned from this show that we should dare to chase our dreams.Anyway,it has brought satisfaction and positive energy to our life.
My favourites place is reading-room,because there are so many books that you don't which one should read first.
I love reading, in my opinion read books can help learn,and make me relax.
When I feel tired,I can go to school reading room, it's very big,quiet and bright, in that is a good place to study.
In that place,I can forget my rouble when I read my favourite novels.
I feel excited and happy, it is important for me to improve my reading and writing basis.
I think reading books is interesting I love reading.
I hope you will fall in love with reading.
I'm ShareMan coming from the Computer Science department of our college.
It's honored for me to be here sharing my thoughts about the story in this video Huizhe's Big Guard.
After watching this video, first and foremost, I harbor the idea that Huizhe is too short-sighted and stuffy to limit his own horizon.
According to this story, on account of set thinking and lacking in far-sight, Huizhe took the attitude that the big guard is useless lest he broke them down.
On the contrary, Zhuangze was good at observing the good side of things so that he could make the big guard into a float.
It occurred to me that maybe we are all the guard in various shapes in our real life.
The individuals around us are different from others and they are all special.
In addition, different individuals are good at different skills.
Meeting some short-sighted individuals who always despise us is inevitable for us in our life.
However, in my opinion, we have no need to devote more time in caring about others' thoughts.
Instead, we are obliged to focus more on improving ourselves in order to be a better man who can make more contributions to the society.
There is an old famous saying goes, "Everyone is made special for something".
When I was a little child, I was eager to be a pianist so I try my best to practice.
The awful thing was that I come across a bad piano teacher who told me "your finger was short and you were not suitable for playing the piano", which made me incredibly disappointed and negative.
In the end, due to the distracted thing, I told my mom that I want to give up playing piano.
My mother replied me that maybe I can't be a good pianist but I can play a better role in other fields.
Time went by.
With the encouragement of my parents, I found that I was gifted in computer networks and I could obtain the knowledge of computer networks by myself.
In the following few years, I took advantage of my talent in computer networks and learned a lot of knowledge related to computer networks.
What made my parents surprise was that I established my first own website.
What's more, I was invited to take part in the fifth webmasters GA 2011, Beijing.
Now, I can tell others proudly, "I can do well in computer networks and I have my own strength".
It supposed to be wise for us to believe in ourselves and be an intelligent and far-sighted person like Zhuangze.
Look around, in the society, everyone is in their positions making their effort to make the world to be a better one.
If you were a small guard, you can try your best to contain water.
If you were a big guard, you can be a raft floating over the river.
If you were a person, you can spare no effort to be useful.
Dear Peter, I'm glad to receive your letter to ask for my opinions on how to learn Chinese well .
You can take the Chinese class,it's a good way to learn Chinese.
If you have the questions, you can ask teaches for help, they will be patient to solve your questions.
Then you can watch the TV and read the Chinese newspapers.
It can help you to learn more sentences about Chinese.
You also can sing the Chinese song, it can help a lot.
The best way to learn Chinese is to make more China friends, they will help you the Chinese.
Those are my opinions,hope them can help you.
There is no doubt that mobile phone is more and more popular in our daily life due to its convenience.
In some cases, we can say that our life cannot make any colorful and entertaining things without mobile phone.
However, a research displayed students' attitude to mobile phone.
Students said that what they most like is that they can reach others by mobile phone,what they least like is that others can reach them.
I am convinced that mobile phone plays a key role in whatever kind of functions they make.
I am very glad that I can reach others by mobile phone.
I can use it contact my relatives,friends,and if there are some important or joyful news I can tell others as soon as possible.I cannot imagine how I could communicate with my friends immediately without mobile phone.
What's more,it is very convenient to give information to your fellows when you are on work.
Nobody can say that using mobile phone is perfect completely.Every coin has two sides.
The most important thing is what your attitude to it.Although I like using mobile phone very much, I couldn't say it has no shortage at all.
Sometimes,you will be very angry when someone you don't know completely phone to you.
You think that they are disturbing your meaningful life.
Your mood is gloomy.
Maybe you will make new friends,maybe you will begin a new relationship.
As far as I am concerned, if you change your attitude sometimes,boring things will become interesting things.
Everything is according to what do you think about it.
Nowadays, the phenomena of excessive TV talent shows are prevalent in our society.
While we were watching TV, we usually faced quite a difficult stage to choose which show is of high quality.
Although the government has concerned with the issue, the phenomenon still flourishes.
The reasons can be listed as follows.
First, TV producers believe that they can attract customers' attention and stimulate their "Angel Eyes " by means of TV talent shows, thus gaining more profits.
Second, quite a number of people are fiercely sustaining these shows.
In addition, most of this kind of TV shows are full of fabricated stories.
On my opinion and determination, these phenomena can do harm to our society.
It can't offer us the elegant joie de vivre, and leads to ways to the bon vivant.
For instance, it can result in the loss of moral values.
In the light of these disastrous consequences that have mentioned above, every citizen should be aware of the problem, and relevant laws must be legislated to restrict the behavior of excessive TV talent shows.
In 2 years from now, I hope l'll go to an excellent university where I can get along well with my friends.
Besides, I will become more independent instead of relying on others.
In 10 years by then, I hope can get a job which I'm very interested in, such as translator or teacher.
When I'm over 40 year-old, hoping I will still be optimistic about everything and finding a balance between family and work.
In addition, I will travel around the world on holidays.
I want to study English for various reasons.
First of all,it is a language which is widely used in the world.We should learn it well in order to communicate with a great variety of people.
And then,I will say it is like a telescope in some ways.It can board our views and helped me discovered a new wold.I love English!
Finally,the most vital importance reason is that I always love my English teacher!They are always kind and helpful and always wear a big smile on their face.It makes me feel so good!
Those are different reasons why I want to study English.
In the picture,a master student was rejected by boss when he look for a job.
And the reason is that his education is too low.
I don't think it is correct.
He may not have a very high degree,but don't mean he is not high knowledge.
A person's knowledge not only learn in school.
When he in higher school ,he may study many courses,but if he doesn't learn it.
That's no use.
He has the ability about do many things of no having educational background.
For exemple :he can communicate with other people,he can deal with many problems,he can do many things.
So I think ability is more important than educational.
Academic discrimination is wrong.
We should be treated fairly.
If we can do that,student can learn better for a master.
In modern education,character education is extremely significant.Knowledge in books is not enough anymore.For example,normally school education means to cultivate student's abilities to take in and think.Society changes so fast,people of ability has changed.Now we need people of ability in each side,because these ability is more crucial than know edge,these ability to reflect on many respect.Like honest,bearing,morality and so on.If we possess these ability can we use our know edge more smoothly.Character education is able to improve our ability,we can improve ourselves too.
In this way ,we can take more superiority to compete with others and we will get more costs.Schools now are aware of it and have taken many exercises to improve them.
So character Education plays an important role in development of future society.So character education needs to be merit.
With the development of the living standards,people produce waste every day,and there is a great variety of rubbish.Moreover, people put rubbish in the different trash cans when throw out them.There is a large population in the world,causing so much waste.To some extent,these wastes could be avoided.It will make our homeland more beautiful.As far as I am concerned,knowing the importance of waste sorting is vitally important for our people who live in he modern society.
First of all,once people do not know the importance of waste sorting,they will put all the rubbish in wrong places,these useless things will pollute our world,then it will cause a seriously polluted.Secondly,as we all know, our country is lacing for many different sources,so we must find some ways to solve it.Waste sorting is very important,so people can make good use of these rubbish.On the other hand, if person is aware of the importance of waste sorting.It will reduce the burden of the cleaners,making their work become more convenient.At the same time people can also live in a good condition,live with environment more harmonious,become healthier.
To sum up,people realize the importance of waste sorting can reduce the unnecessary waste which will make a great interest for our people in long way.So now we must throw the rubbish in the suitable places.make some contributions for our society.
Nowadays,when it comes to love and study,people's opinions vary from one to another.The issue of whether we should discuss has been brought into public concern in our society.
some people firmly believe that it is good to fall in love.For one thing,it gives you the power,make you more active to learn.For another,Love can monitor each other and promote each other.Last but not least,it can make you confident.
one the contrary,other may not agree with the above.Love impact study.To begin with,it is a waste of time.what's more,it is a waste of money.In addition,making you can't concentrate on learning.
As for as I am concerned,I think it has double folds like anything else.There are good ang bad,key to see how he understand.If we can take some effective means to treat,it will benefit us quite a lot.
The thing made me so bitterly is that day my father and I came to this college with curiosity.Though I can grasp some knowledge and skills,this is the first time for me to independent.Left from my home,my parents,I felt solitude.
I would live with roommate,and do everything by myself,such as washing,fetching water,making the bed and so on.When I felt lonely or frustrate,none of my family members company with me.
After my father went back to home,I joined an interview of Broadcasting Station.The title is:Introduce my family.At that moment I was very sad,so I cannot say a word.I was crying without a break,a fellow student told me,when she had came here last year,she was very sad just like me,but now she was very independent,and she said that we should be strong because we cannot rely on our parents in whole life.From that time,I didn't feel bitter any more.
My Dreaming Destination in Europe.
I want to introduce Switzerland to you.Switzerland is a developed European country.It's situated in the center of Europe,covers an aera of forty-one thousand square kilometers,has a population of seven million 50 thousand,which capital is Berne.Geneva,the most famous cities in the world,is in this country,too.Switzerland is next to Austria,France,Italy and Germany.It has a gorgeous scenery,which is known as Worldwide Garden.Switzerland is famous for developed watch,chemical and food industries.
On this earth, everything in the world are identical, all the beginning and destination the life is the same, there is a connection between all things, there are shackled by a net us, once depart from the net, the world will be dangerous, so we human beings should refuse to kill, the organisms in the world now in decline,make the world\'s resistance in the decrease, we should volunteer for protect them, we are all a part of the world, we should resist the temptation to against the fur trade, the world is everyone\'s, we should protect it.
Frist,unlike many students who study english for going abroad,I study english for my future career.Second,the other reason why I study english is that I need to get equipped with some essential skills of language.Finally,I think an another important factor is that I should pass the CET4 and CET6 text.Therefore,I want to learn english.Surely,I can do it well.
From our born,we live always follow our parents' plan.I believe many people like me ,want to changes in the way we live.
Now,in most time we are working in school or company,another time with phone,computer or TV.Today,many high-technology bring a dizzying array of entertainment in we live,so our eyes more and more bad.
For me,I want to live a simple way with my family.Have a house in the country,sunrise do,sunset go home.In the summer we canoe on the river,go picnicking in the woods and take long bicycle rides.In the winter we ski and skate.We get excited about sunsets.We love the smell of the earth warming and the sound of cattle lowing.We watch for hawks in the sky and deer in the cornfields.
If the live changes this,I have many time do what I want to do like read books and embroider.It's so perfect.
I have a good friend.
His name is Liu Qinglei.
He is 12 years old.
He is in Class 5 Grade 1.
His nationality is china .
His friend Betty is from England.
She is thirteen years old.
He is in Class 2.
His teacher is Mrs Green and she is from America.
About career, some professional is a promising future, have plenty of to earn a lot of, each has its own advantages, but each person's opinion is different, so the result of selection is different also.
Some people prefer the job with high salary.
Their reasons run as following: to begin with, high salary can bring them happy life; in addition, with high salary, they can do whatever they want.
But some others prefer to choose a job with promising future.
They base their choice on the following reasons: a promising job itself means a raise and promotion in the future; for me, a promising job earn more than a job is more suitable for my choice, because people live is not just to live, still have dreams, and pursue, this is the living better not only to have the ability to live, work, the channels of realize the value of life is the only way to achieve your dreams.
Nowadays, traffic accidents attract more and more people's attention.
Because no matter how serious the accident is, it will cause needless loss, pain, even slaughter.
The needless loss, pain and slaughter on streets and highways can be attributed to three general causes.
For one thing, it results from the mechanical failures, for example, the faulty brakes and the bald tyres are always the direct reasons to a traffic accident.
For another, it is usual to view the environment conditions as a response to the accident, which includes blind concerns, narrow streets, heavy fog and intermittent rain or snow.
Where there is a blind concern, there is the dangerous area, where there is heavy fog, where the rate of traffic accidents is increasing.
What's more, the errors of human judgment is an important reason, more and more people who want to pursue excitement drive with an excessive speed and drunken driving, and some people may drive with momentary lapses which result in running into other cars, causing traffic accident.
Come on to join our club.
I believe your dream must be come true.
And I am monitor in this club.
Our club have many activities on every weekend.
Such as play games, have some competition with other teams and so on.
To join our club also have many advantages.
It's not only could make you stronger than before, but also help you to learn other countries culture, last but not least, it could protect yourself to avoid hurting by other people.
You can call the number 12345678, or come to Class 4, Grade 1 to contact with us.
We are very glad to welcome you to join with us.
In this society ,it has more and more dishonest phenomenons stay with us.
It brings unfair for us ,so as a colleage student we should appeal to society :we need honest.
In our daiy life ,we often see some phenomenons.
For example ,when we on the bus ,we usually see some thieves stealed mobile phones and wallets,their behavior not only a crime but also injury the victim.May be it let victim not believe anybody forever.
And their also have some people ,in order to their own profit ,they always hurt who around him.
So in our society we need hoest .As long as we have it ,we may have a hamony enviroment .Good friendship.And others help .we are a member of this society .so we should contribute our power for society .
Books have a special relationship with us.
Some of them can be used to improve our study, on the other hand, some others can make us stay away with other people.
Therefore, we must read a good book.
Choosing right time to read books is very important.
Sometimes, such as weekends or free time, we may find a quiet place where we can read books earnestly.
We are enjoying the happiness conduced by reading.
Reading has many advantages in our life.
Firstly, it can expand our vision little by little.
Secondly, it may develop the capabilities best.
The more books we read, the more knowledge we get.
Now, some people think practice is more important than reading, because practice let us know much more about someone who is around us, but I do not think so.
I think that we must read books at first, then we can have a great practice.I believe that we will make progress in this way.
As society developing ,our lifers level is become better and better ,our demands to lifes also becoming higher and higher ,for example ,low-carbon lifestyle is becoming more and more popular.
As a college student ,I'm responsible for letting our lifes better and better ,so I plan to do these things :First ,I will learn more knowledge about low-carbon lifestyle so that I can do more things .Second ,I will try my best to become an economical person ,I will go to school by bus or on foot ,I will turn tap and lights off when I'm out .Finally I will appeal more people to join in this activity that is in favor of everyone.
Please be informed for office safety training section will be arranged for all the staff in our company.
Time handouts will be available after the training section.Notice if there are other problems,office manager jacky tam will be the first time inform yours.
My familg is not a family of scholar,my father is my family's~~.He every day need get to word.So l sould ~~student.I thank stuard book is for very very Major.we should learn English by heart.
It's enough.How can you imagine when you are enjoying a class,there bomb the eternal firecrackers?Won't it annoy you?Anyhow,it always stop teachers from giving their classes.Especially when you meet a traffic jam,the endless whistles must drive you crazy.It's not far from these noises.Have you ever been in the cries of the sellers in he streets?Do they want to fight?I can't stand but it seems like i should bear these.After all, little of the policies about noise pollution worked,did they?
Definitely,as our city develops,i'm on the way losing my sense of hearing.
As is know to all, interview is vital for our employment because the employers will know us from our performance in the interview.
Despite the fact that you are really capable and competent, you sometimes will fail if you leave a very awkward impression in your interview.
So, an interview is decisive to some degree.
We have to take several factors into consideration.
The first step, a neat and smart dress will make you look confident and well-prepared, which indicate your good attitude.
Usually casual clothes tend to make you look lazy and detached.
So buy yourself appropriated clothes for the interview.
And then after entering the interview room, a firm hand shake with the employers may enhance the interaction and ease your anxiety.
When asked to give a brief introduction, do remember to present yourself in relationship with the specific job or position you are applying for.
Ignore those irrelevant personal information because they are not cared at all.
For the following questions, apart from showing your professional skills, your competence, do include examples or specific experience, which will make what you are saying more believable and trustworthy.
For example, if you are interviewed for an English teacher, you are supposed to tell your previous teaching experience and at least tell a problem you encountered in your classroom and how you handled the problem and what you have learnt from this experience.
This is better than boasting yourself without concrete examples.
Of course, do be honest and truthful.
Last but not the least, a mock interview before the real one will make you better prepared and more likely to succeed in the real one.
As is said, opportunities like those who are well-prepared.
I believe you are the one.
When you talk about euthanasia with others, your dialogues likely to turn into a fierce quarrel.
The argument that refers to euthanasia presents two bright viewpoints: the euthanasia is mercy or murder.
We can not get consensus between the different standpoints, even the law can give helpless.
In my opinion, I slightly tend to the latter.
But even so, you could persuade me to believe that ti is mercy with some cases.
What is important is that under some circumstance, can we accept euthanasia.
Firstly, the patient is full of vastly painful and can not be endured.
, even the medicine of paregoric take no effect.
Secondly, the doctors try their best to treat the patient, which has no works.
Last but not least, the patient and his or her family agree to give up treatment and proceed the euthanasia.
If the law opens its door fou euthanasia, wich will bring lots of problems to the society.
For examples, the doctors may not fulfill their duty to save life, even abuse their scared right.
At the same time, the patient' relatives may give up treatment to the patient and benefit from the patient' death.
I think the low is the base line that can not breakthrough.
AS to me, I think the appropriate means is refusal and receive euthanasia.
On the one hand, we should prohibit euthanasia, on the other hand, we should not give serious punishment when a doctor takes the euthanasia.
It is important to note that before the euthanasia, we should pay attention to whether it is fit the condition of euthanasia.
It seems to be common sense that however developed the medical science is, the incurable disease is always existing.
We should take early detection seriously and try our best to cure disease before ti gets more serious.
Nowadays, more and more people are fond of shopping online, and it's becoming a fashion.
However, it is not as easy as you could imagine.
Worse, because of bilk online, it even can be threatening or scaring.
After I heard of the hearsays of online shopping, I almost wanted to give up shopping online.
Whereas, the item interested me so much, still I chose to buy it.
After I had order the item, I finally was ready to risk everything for it.
The next thing I could do was the lengthy waiting.
However, when it came to the next day, we dramatically confront a dilemma that they didn't have another pair of shoes like that, so I had to ask another online store.
Luckily I found the same shoes in another store and got the shoes posted.
So it came to the third day.
I though I could simply get my shoes, nevertheless, there were some troubles on the way; the coming of my shoes was delayed.
But I felt like that I was totally fooled.
As time went by, at the 7th day, I couldn't help waiting and made a phone call to blame them for the delay of my shoes.
At the moment I was going to dial the number, a strange call is in, and I answered surprisingly.
A gentle voice was passed.
I rushed to my package before I had a deep breath and got them so happy.
I dreamed of online shopping before my first time to do it, yet after it, I thought I wouldn't pay any more attention to it.
In the future,first I think I will be a teacher and I will probably be teaching students English.Then I can go to almost any country to find a job.Before this I will go to school to finish my study.It will be a lot of hard work,but it is my dream.What's more,I will travel around the world in the summer vacation.Hopefully I will be living somewhere is completely different.
In total,my life in the future is colourful.
As is known to all that the Spring Festival is a traditional Chinese festival.
It is a symbol of the coming of the new year.
In China, no means of festival is more popular and important than Spring Festival.
In order to celebrate the Spring Festival, the Chinese let off firecrackers consistently on this day.
But different people have different views on this phenomenon.
Some people stand up for this way,because they perceive that only in this way can we create the festival atmosphere.
On the other hand, we can inherit the traditional culture of China in this way.
However, others take the opposite attitude.
They think about that let off firecrackers are not a suitable way to celebrate the Spring Festival,because of in this way will make noise and lead to the environmental pollution.What's more, it can cause fire hazard at times.
So, for security,we should prohibit let off firecrackers.
From my point of view, we should set off firecrackers as less as possible,not only for the sake of our safety, but also to protect the environment.On the other hand,if the government persevere to take measures, anything is possible.
Firstly,a good teacher must love teachering jop.He must be interested in his students.
Secondly,a good teacher must rich in knowledge and teacher is so well organised and clear .
Thirdly,a good teacher should avoids making students feel stupid and usually give them encourage.
On the third day of the Springfestival, I went to pick the strawberries with my best friend,Jessica.
When we arrived at the Strawberry Fields, it wa the time for lunch.
So we had lunch in the farmers' house.
We had a great meal.
Certinely, we had some fresh strawberry.
After the meal, we went to pick the strawnerries.
Althongh the weather is really cold, the sun shines brightly in the sky.
We picked strawberries for a long time.
We chose the strawberries which was big and red, and picked them carefully.
At last, we ate our strawberries.
They were quite juicy, and we could taste our sweat as well.
I had a happy day.
Not only the delicious strawberries, but also the effort after we worked hard.
No matter you are struggling for this examination or finishing unfinished works,you still feel we are happy in this world.
In that we all know what is "happiness".
Someone thinks that happiness is seeking of money,and in this they can feel good.
Someone thinks that happiness is seeking something what they like to do.
Nonetheless in my eyes, happiness can be a feeling of fun that playing football with my good friends ; satisfy that having supper with my family;excited that getting extra money...... What's more,we all possess it.
No matter what you are,happiness is only a simple thing only working hard,can we get it.
Happinesss in our hearts is not only the symbol of joy,it also can be a smooth thing.
In a word,we should try to find joy and live happily.
Last but not least,happiness is unconcerned with money.
Living happily and lightheartedly,so happiness may close to us automatically.
Different people have different opinions about the topic Health and Wealth .
Some think that wealth means everything.
To them , wealth or having a lot of money can help them to do what they want to do.
On the other hand, some people don't agree with those people mentioned above.
They quote the old saying "Health is above wealth" to prove their idea.
A strong person can do almost anything as long as he tries hard.Business is based on health.
Students in good health can absorb knowledge more readily.
In good health,scientists can tackle complex technical problems and achieve more success.
In my opinion if we want become wealthy the first we must keep health .if we doesn't have a good body even we get lot of money ,we have never to use it .Therefore, health is much more important than wealth.
In the article, the author reveals that although Euro brought the EU some benefits as a single market, there are many barriers the EU must confront.
The following are the details.
The NAFTA and WTO increased the exports of the U.S.
But any evaluation of the impact of trade on the domestic economy must look at both sides.
According to statistics, its imports have also increased even more.
Besides, because of trade deficits growing the job losses also increased essentially.
Almost every state and production sector is facing such situation.
Although the NAFTA and WTO can deliver many new jobs, it can not offset the jobs it took away from the U.S.
There are mainly two reasons for the increasing trade deficits.
The first is the increasing U.S. foreign direct investment, which improves the foreign production capacity, and results in the rapid growth of exports and trade deficit to the U.S., and also brought trade-related job losses.
The second is the sustained and substantial appreciation of the U.S. dollar, which encourages investors around the world to build new and expanded production capacity at home to export goods to the U.S.
The existing trade agreements need timely repairing and rebuilding, so that the EU can move ahead and make new trade deals.
Hello everybody,I am Sam.
Today I will introduce my hometown Qingdao.
First,Qingdao is a very attractive city and there are many tourists,so Qingdao is more congestion in traffic.
Qingdao also has lost of gorgeous harbours,such as Sailing City.
The wind of May is Qingdao's single,it is very beautiful,too.
And ti means fortunately.
In Qingdao there are not a lot of factories,and you also worry your employment.
Because in Qingdao,there are lots of companies,such as Haier,Haixin.
They are very famous.
In Qingdao,you do not care about where is something that you can afford.
Because in Qingdao,most things are cheaper than Shanghai.
Waitangi Day is named after Waitangi, where the Treaty of Waitangi was signed commemorates a significant day in the history of New Zealand.
It is a public holiday which is held on 6 February to celebrate the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, New Zealand's founding document, on that date in 1840.
In recent years, communities throughout New Zealand have been celebrating Waitangi Day in a variety of ways.
These ways are different from which are celebrated in China.
In Chinese national day, the military parade will be held in honor of the day of the independence of China is a very important event for Chinese people.
So they will assemble themselves to the Tian'an Men Square to watch the parade.
In New Zealand, people will celebrate the national day by having a lot of performances.
They will dance traditional Maori HaKa.
The Haka, which was originally used as a preparation before the battle, is characterized by heavy stomping, loud chanting, and aggressive body movements.
The haka is the most widely known performance which is used by all the blacks to challenge their rivals.
Besides people will hang on the New Zealand flag and create a Kiwi theme in your home or place of work.
Wear items that reflect the colours of New Zealand.
Listen to Kiwi music all day.
What's more.
People would like to organise a party, a sausage sizzle or a barbeque at your home to get friends together for the day.
If you are at work, ask everyone to bring a dish along for a work lunch.
Make sure to get a variety of dishes that reflect the different cultures making up New Zealand.
If you decide to have a dinner party, cook lamb, Koala and Kiwi Pavlova as representative of New Zealand cuisine.
People will also visit local wetlands and nature reserves to learn more about environmental issues.
Planting a tree is meaningful in this day.
Ride your bike to work or celebrations instead of taking the car.
Parents would like to let their children learn more about the history of New Zealand and the Waitangi Treaty.
They will make their children learn more history by checking government, council and museum websites online - finding sites and learning more about New Zealand's history can make a great project for children in the lead up to the day.
The local community may be running official events during the day, including Kappa Haka and hanged, drumming, concerts, parades, dance, food, art and live entertainment.
This kind of celebration will be held every year.
In the celebration, the "rowing across the strait" is an indispensable program for the Maori.
Because, according to the legend, the first person who acrossed many oceans by a canoe, landing on the island of New Zealand, was a Maori.
The celebration of national day in New Zaeland is more interesting than which in China.
We just have the parade and go to visit some places in our country.
As far as I am concerned, we can learn something from New Zealand.
We can plan some activities to make our Chinese pay more attention to our national day.
There has been much arguements on E-book in recent years.It is becoming more and more fashionable.
Some people think it has dismerits whlie others think it has advantanges.
It seems to me that there is more advantage than the negetive ones.
E-book is convenient,It is easy to take a E-book instead of taking some books, For another it is hard for us to keep the papers too long compare to the E-book.
Not to mention the fact that many books is hard to keep like the soft one .
The second is that E-book can provide us with many knowledge that is newly happened because of the internet.
we can communicate more often .
but It is also has dismerits what may influence our healthy and environment.
The battery will destory our environmentand the light may do harm to our eyes.
weighing the advantage and disadvantange ,I'm inclined to agree with the use of the E-book.with the development of the society ,we need to have konwledge of more thing newly produced, so it is smart to use E-book.
AS we all know,library is a place where people get knowledge and exchange information.But according to recent scene,a few people play mobile phone in the library and make some noise that influence other people who are reading books seriously.
Although the mobile phones are not banned to be taken in the library,the behaviours have a few impact on others.Firstly,it is no a good manner to use mobile phone in library even you do not make any noise.And sometimes when you are bend on playing games,you will shout or make other noise without control,it may arouse others dissatisfied.
Thousand peolpe have thousand views.In my opinion,the library should select some people who are responsible for reminding people do not use mobile phones in library.It may be a hard process because if you want to avoid this kind of things completely,every one should improve their consciousness.
Now, I come to the 2045s.
It's different than before.
When I come into the city.
The building is very taller than before.
The house is wide and high.
I'm very surprised because I see some cars run in the sea.
Some cars are fly in the sky.
The future is really amazing.
I walk on the road and then I see a robot beside the man.
I think it's to serve prople the robort.
 years later change is really big.
It is said that where there is a will ,there isa way .I can sure indeed the case ,it can contribute a lot to one's success .
Because they have a great will .As a matter of fact ,none of them is compeleteiy smooth ,our life is full of difficult and boring .It is very hard to through difficult situations and unfortuate events.
achieve success .and compele the great mission .
As a student , if we want to improve our fraction and realize our goal ,we must study hard and to be a great man in the future .
I want to study English for different reasons.It is very important to study english.
Fisrt i think english is very useful ,it can help you communicate with others and it will make you more happy.Second,english can make you leran more history of other countries,let you known more culture.Third,i think english study will make you pass english easily.The last but not least, i think english study is becoming more ang more morden,people all over the word all leran english.
so i thingk english is very important.
I will put my effort into english study.
What I want to begin with,cloning human beings is not an easy thing,Nobody would know what would happen if it fails.
Sevond,the cloned person and the normal person look the same,how should we treat the cloned person?Third,how could the human get along with a person who is the same with you.Finally,if the cloned person commits a crime,we couldn't know who is the criminal because we cann't differentiate them two clearly.
So,what I want to say is wo should ban cloning human beings.
James in 1984 was born on Decembei 30 Akron,Ohin.He was in high school basketball team,where he revealed his amazing talent,and won three consecutive high school championship.He also was involved in American football,he became a member of the interstate teams.,but injuries made him well-known on basketball on top.
To the truth,every prayer had made his efforts during his career.
For example,in 2003,James' first game against the sacramento Kings,he personally gained 25points,9 assist and 6 rebounds and shooting 60% of the project,he gets a race.But in the last season, he failed.Then he wanted to give up.He said he never plays basketball.At this time,his father scolded him seriously.His father said where there is a will there is a way.If you stop up from now on,you will not have a success in your career.
Of course, he thought a lot in his father's instructions.Also,he encouraged himself to overcome difficulties.Certainly,he got better and better grades.James was elected to 4 consecutire Eastern Conference All Star.What's more,he became the most valuable player of the game.
Alao the first time NBA defensive first team.
Above all,I think nothing succeed without a strong will.Only having a strong will can James realize the value of his life and get success.Everyone can succeed if you has a strong will.
B.S.
GPA 3.98/4.0.
Class Rank: Second in class of 500.
Summer Associate, Guotai Group, Zhangjiagang.
Rotated between Real Estate and Corporate Departments.
Research and drafted memoranda in areas of antitrust and trade regulation, electronic commerce, and land use planning.
Researched property records at courthouse and prepared memoranda for attorneys; delivered and picked up various legal documents as assigned.
Helped with document sorting.
Student Intern, WVU College of Engineering, Morgantown, WV.
Performed legal research and analysis to assess the statutory, regulatory and case law ramifications of innovative underground storage tank remedial technology.
Summer Worker, 1999-2003.
Various jobs to provide part of educational experiences including: Laborer Convex Eagle Glass, Clarksburg, WV.
Counter person, Wendy's International, Morgantown.
Student Member, American Bar Association; Member, Patent Law Student Association; Member, Volunteer Law Clerks, student organization which researches legal questions assigned by WV Circuit Judges; Member, International Law Society; Phi Alpha Delta, International Legal Fraternity.
Member, Mountain Honorary, highest honor society for WVU undergraduate students; Mortar Board National Honor Society; Captain, (two years) Varsity Tennis Team.
Fluent in spoken and written German, reading knowledge of Spanish and French.
Certified in LEXIS and West Law.
Excellent ability in WordPerfect, Microsoft Word, GroupWise and Quicken.
Captain, tennis team, 4 years undergraduate.
I love my father.Although my father does not have money,personal car and power.
He is not only my father who gave my life,but also my best friend.As I was child, he was always playing with me, telling jokes to me, taking me to travel all our village.My father gave me colorful childhood what is full of happy and naive.
It is saying that fatherly love is the same as the mountain.
In my opinion, it is not.My father is a gentle , humorous and responsable.
My father is a peasant who works in the field all the time during the harvesting day.
however, in other days,my father has to leave home to work for others.
Even we do not make much money, we still lead a comfortable life.For me, family is my precious.
When I was young, I ever asked my father,"Dad,why did you send me to school ?you know,making money was uneasy,and you were not in school at the same age of mine.
I did not want to school either.
"He thought a minute,saying that you must go to school and get good gade,so we can make more money.From then on,I was stric to my own,because my success is the future of our warm family.I should struggle for it.
I love my father.
He is nobody in the world,but he is somebody in our family.
I know that you want to know our school's optional courses, so I will tell you how we offered these classes.
We have six to choose from, include Handwriting, Spoken English, Music Appreciation, Movie Appreciation, Photographing and Swimming.
The class's time is on Tusday and Friday, and the time from four thirty to six o'clock at night our students told us it is interesting, and they could do something interesting out of class.
They suggested us to making more optional courses, less than homework, and take more time to visited, and to learn something from life's activities.
Hope now you can learn this.
Notice is hereby given that Li Lan from the E.N.T.
department of our hospital won the first place in the theoretical examination and interview for the position of head nurse in the emergency department she was competing for.
Based on the decision jointly make by the hospital leadership and the nursing department after due consideration, Li Lan is officially appointed head nurse in the emergency department.
Nowadays, many of children can receive knowledge with many chance.
All of the country endeavor his education to develop their competitiveness of science , as saying goes, teachers are pillars of our education system.
Now a social phenomenon is many universities require students to evaluate teacher,As far an I am concerned it is reasonable.Perhaps some of the people believed that evaluate the teacher is not respect to our faculty, this deed will hurt our gardener's initiative of educate.
As a college student, to be honest, I think it is not fair that only teacher teach students how to do or what to do.
We are not a pupil anymore.
Teachers also make mistakes.
Sinners can surprise you, and the saint can be for the same.
When they make mistakes, we should point out them.
I don't think it's not a performance which lack of respect for the teacher's .On the contrary,it's a responsible performance of each other.
Teachers shouldn't consider that is a bad things .
Joint efforts make progress together.
Recently,some universities are reported to charge high tuition fees.The report has immediately sparked a heated debate.Some people thing it's a bad idea for universities to charge hige tuition fees.The other people think it is ok for universities to charge high tuition fees .Personally,i believe that universities should not charge high tuition fees.
First of all,there are many poor students in our country those students may be very hard-working .Butthey can not afford the high tuition fees.If universities charge high tuition fees,they will never get the chance to go to universities.we are equal in the world.I think it's unfair to stop the poor students to go to universities just for they can't afford the high tuition fees.
Moreover,I think in our country independent in economy.Our parents always pay for the tuition fees of us.If universities charge high tuition fees our parents must work harder.They have given too much to us.I don't think they have to pay for the tuition fees for us which are very high .If the tuition fees are low,they will pay for them without any pressure.So i don't think universities should charge high tuition fees.
Last but not least ,universities are the places where we learn how to be a man.If the universities charge high tuition fees,they will become profit organizations.Then what can we learn from these places.What we can learn is just to make profits .We will become the people who cares nothing but money.We will think money is everything .The university has lost its meaning .
For that,I'd rather go to work than go to university.We come to universities to learn knowledeg and manners.The universities should be places where we can learn positive things .So,I don't think universities should charge high fees.
To sum up,the universities should not charge high tuition fees.We will be happier in a low-paid university.The tuition fees are affordable for everyone .We will live an equal life .We will learn how to be a dood man in universities which charge low tuition fees.
In the field of college applications,a Gap Year is a year taken between high school and college.During the Gap Year,students engage in extra-academic and non-academic courses,language studies,volunteer work, travel,internships,sports and more,all for the purpose of improving themselves and their resumes before going to college.And Gap Year is very popular in developed country.
In my opinion,Gap Year is very necessary.Following are the reasons.First,through the Gap Year,students will have enough time to think clearly what they want on earth.This is very essential for their future life.
Then,Gap Year is a good chance to relax.Students can go to travel,come to the party and so on.
Forgetting the worrying of study to have a wonderful holiday.Last,during the Gap Year,students can go to work in order to improve their living skills.This is very important for them.
As a fresher,I think a Gap Year is essential for Chinese students also.In China,students have a lot of pressure,especially the three graduate students.They always feel confused when just entered the university.So,the Gap Year is necessary to be introduced in China.
I 'm so interested in your advertisements in the model.Being a model is a dream that I have always had.
I am a 16-year-old student.
I have lots of time and would be able to work over the summer.
I like sports and I run thirty minutes every day to keep a good fitness.So I have a slender figure.
I think I have some experience about being a model.Because I took part in a couple of competitions and learned more about that.
Of course I also wanna make some extra money and make some friends during the summer.
I would be very pleased if you can give me a good chance to get some good shots.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Although many people claim that, along with the rapidly economic development, the number of people who use English are decreasing, (especially after the college entrance English examination reform).
The information I've collected over the recent years leads me to believe that English writing will continue to play extremely important roles in modern society.
A great number of reasons can accout for this opinion, for the following reasons.
To begin with, we can communicate with each other by English writing.
In addition, As an internationalized talent, it is supposed to the basic skill.
The training of their writing skill must not be ignored except themselves have certain linguistic foundations.
What's more, Having a good English writing skill, which may keep self-marketing in the market.
Only in the way can we have a superior position in career.
In summary, Either the daily work or learning, As far as I'm concerned, English writing as the 21st century should have a great influence on our life.
Not only can it provide us with more opportunities but also develop our skills.I believed.
My name is Jeff.I am very busy,but sometime is free.On free time morning,I just get up and bursh my teeth.And then I watch TV when I eat breakfast.After that,I must do my homeworks,it's too much.In the afternoon ,I'm playing computer games.In the evening.I go shopping with my parents.This is my free time,it's so happy.
This is my school.
My school is very nice.
There're six classroom, a libraryand nine office on the school.
There is a music room, a craft room and a sports equipment room on the first.
There is a art room and eleven offices on the second floor.
There're nine classrooms too.
floor.
I like art room, It's very beautiful.
There is a science room on the third floor.
third floor.
There are two computer rooms, eight classrooms onthe forth floor.
There is a dance room on the floor.
classroom is on the forth floor.
It's very beautiful and clean.
There are four windows in the classroom.
two fans in the classroom.
This is my school.
I like my school.
I am happy in my school.
Name,one from the urine will begin to know and to write the first font.name it not only inherits his father's surname, also inherited a lot of spirit of Chinese traditional culture.take my name,my name is X,while the grandparents had surnames have what great man?
let me think.
in ancient times.xuanyuan the Yellow Emperor is the begin of this a surname.he is my grandparents.xuanyuan the Yellow Emperor not only left a rich idological and moral qualities,but also influences the social,in today's family still has his share of spirit.
therefore,first name last name is still very important.
In my mind.my name is unique, even in many parts of China have the same first and last name,but my name in my opinion is very good,it is not only the composition contains also the case when I was born contains information about me and my sister's name is the origin of the composition,so I think my name is unique.
For my name,I do not want to change, after the name of a person by their parents to take a have a certain meaning and insight,not just to go to replace their names,because it contains information on many of the traditions and culture of the family, so I do not want to change my name,because this is the first gift parents after their children were born.
Love is around me.My mother gives me the best love.Every morning,she rides a bike to send me to school.And she always makes the breakfast for me.When I am sad,she tells me to be happy.When I am ill,she sends me to hospital at once.I am moved by her love.And I feel lucky because of my great mother.As a student,the best way to show love t my mum is yo get a high mark.And the she will be happy.
In a word,love is precious.And love is around us!
I'm writting to you about the English lesson,I want to apply for a lession spoken English.
I have been study English ten years ,but my accent is not good ,I want to take part your lesson to practice spoken Engalis ,I want to be a guide ,so I hope that I have a fluent English speak .
What's more ,I am very interest in English ,and I am a student, I should practice English to improve my English.
Last but not least ,if you permit my application ,I think I will make a progress in my study and life .
I am looking forward to receive your letter .
In the modern society, reading is a good habit in our daily life, especially with the development of our country.
So, in my view, we should form a good habit to develop ourselves.
My reason is as follows.
Firstly.
Reading will give us more knowledge which we can't learn from classes, also it will help us form a healthy personality.
The next, reading is very important and give us much influence in our whole life, otherwise this good habit will help us make the right choice when we face the complex circumstances, it shows that your reading experience can be your guidance.
Moreover, how to choose a good book to read is also important for us, because, as we all know, a good book can lead us to achieve our dream.
That is, a good book can be a teacher in our life.
Lastly, reading will open our horizon, let us learn about something new and fresh.
Nonetheless, there are some different opinions, some people think that the best way is practice, because they strongly believe that we should touch and hug environment, this real feeling will teach us more, also, they believe that theory is not so good as practice.
As for me, I suggest everyone should keep reading in our whole life.
As for students, when you want to find a job, we can benefit from this good habit.
Besides, when you communicate with others, you will find many good topics to talk about, perhaps some important chances will choose you.
Otherwise when you have a baby, this good habit will influence him or her, every family hopes their children get the best education.
So, why not choose this directly way to educate children.
Lastly, we can form a good and healthy personality through reading books, and we should try every good book, because we can benefit more from reading.
So, these are my reasons why I support reading in our life.
Those days,are you worried about it---The Air Crash of Malaysia airlines?Of course,this is a lumbersome topic.Nonetheless how did the airplane would disappear without any omens?Is a terrorist attacks?
As we know,the plane wasn't contacted on 1:20 A.M.,March 8th.There are 227 passengers,including 153 Chinese and others who come from all over the world.So many countries think highly of it.Now it is confirmed that there were two passengers who used the fake passport.But American investigation bureau think it is less feasible.Other experts explained they were more likely the stowaway.
To our government,we sent out the warship to the rescue.Anyhow,we will try our best.All the news will make us follow.
On the other hand,VNAF said they found some oil which seemed as the plane.And the satellite didn't detect the sign of plane's disassembly.However,all in all aren't affirmed.It will be a riddled until the truth come out in the wash.
In fact,all of us expect that it's just a joke.The airplane just flies to the other cites.Two hundred and twenty-seven passengers are safe and sound.In this offer our most sincere prayer.
Today, I am so glad to stand here and make a speech.
First of all, my purpose is to tell you some useful knowledge and skills about dealing with emergencies and improve your self-care and self-help abilities.
Our school often organizes evacuation drills.
Most of students can do it well.
However, some students did not take evacuation drills seriously, such as some of you did not follow rules and speak loudly.
As far as I am concerned, I think evacuation drills are important and necessary.
Therefore, all of as should keep calm and quiet, also, we must obey the command.
Above all, we should take evacuation drills seriously.
That's all, thanks.
The roles of young married women in society can be divided into three parts in accordance with their different identities.
The first and most important is the character of being wife,who has the responsibility to make the house clean and take care of the husband.
The next is the mother.
They will have a baby after one or two years or even longer.
If they have a baby, they will spend plenty of time in giving consideration to the baby.
They may even can't fall asleep well at night.
When baby grows up, mother becomes worry in many things such as the school he studies, the grade he gets, the speciality he has and so on.
The last is to be themselves.
They may have work in order to support the family.
They have their own circle of friends.
They have something they intend to do or someplace they want to go and travel.
Due to the convention , every semester our teachers would be different from last term.
This semester , we met a beautiful , lovely writing teacher.
In the first class, when she entered the classroom, I saw a good-looking young lady the first sight.
What's more, she is lean and well-dressed.
She is wearing a pair of glasses and looks beautiful.
Therefore, she is not only strict with our study, but also strict in discipline.
I swear,I'm not telling a lie.
She is different from other teachers.
On her first class, she makes a roll call in a distinct way.
She called us without our surname.
I would never forgot she called me X that remind me of my senior high school life, which make me exciting.
In a word, this is an extremely good alternative for me to spending this semester with Jimmy, a young lady who is very attractive.I believe ,we would have a wonderful time together!
Now, the competition of the job market is becoming more and more violent and finding the job is becoming more and more difficult.
Because of it, it is extremely essential for persons to learn how to prepare for the future employment.
To graduates employment, there are a lot of things to take in.
First, every graduate employment should learn technical or professional.
What's more, it is important for every graduate employment to learn to participate in social practice to integrate.
Secondly, when students employment can spare time in their study, they should read newspapers to understand their employment situation.
Due to it, students employment can always appreciate the employment pressure.
When they would understand, they would work hard.
Thirdly, after their efforts to study, they should learn interview skills to face the problem in the future interview.
In my opinion, last but not least, it is necessary for each person to correct attitude.
Because when you are in the job, you should take your responsibility to be competent at the job.
"This city is really far away from my hometown, my families and my friends.
It's so strange for me that I just seem to be exposed to the desolate desert with bitter wind blighting my heart.
This is the last testament of a drifter who committed suicide because of his unbearably stressful life in Beijing.
It also raises our attention to this special group of people-the drifters in Beijing, who are the product of rapid development of Beijing.
Living in a sandwich class, they make a formidable life under great pressure.
Consequently it is urged for us to walk into their world to make a further recognition of the source of their stress.
When it comes to the source of stress, the majority of drifters in Beijing mention that they are afraid of losing their jobs, which are the only way to their dream.
As a matter of fact, the fiercely competitive circumstance exits in almost every corner in China.
It's a rule that if you want to make a life, you must participate in the competition and if you want to succeed, you must undergo the layers of competition.
said Li Ming, an ordinary drifter in Beijing.
What's more, the harsh reality and high expectation really stress the drifters in Beijing.
According to the survey of State Statistics Bureau, almost all the drifters wish to realize their dream in Beijing, whereas only 1% can succeed.
The distance between dream and reality is too far, which makes drifters stressful.
As for stress in daily life, the drifters are weighed down by the high living cost and the pressure from families.
For instance, the high price of house in Beijing really hinders the drifters that they can only live in a small room, enjoy the simplest meal and worry about the rent of next month.
In addition, expect for their own expenses, it's inescapable for them to support their families, which mean that they must think twice before consuming.
In fact, they live painfully for the intense pace of life and poor expense but don't dare to show it to their families, which make them stressful.
In psychology and physiology, the maladjustment of environment and solitude also put additional stress on the drifters.
According to the biology, the animals and humans need a special time to adapt to the new circumstance in their physiology.
As a result, the drifters must undergo an uncomfortable period when they first come to Beijing.
Besides, for drifters from other cities, the cultural difference and the indifference relationship also make them hard to integrate into the life of Beijing.
Far away from their hometown, the drifters in Beijing regard Beijing as a holy land to achieve their dream.
said Lin Zhijia, a postgraduate in Beijing.
They pursue their dream forwardly but bear the stress passively.
They make great contributions to Beijing but find nowhere to settle their hearts.
This is the special group in China-the drafters in Beijing, who need our sincere concern and love.
In today's society, time is more valuable than money is the fact that does not dispute.
Everyone knows that the time is limited, but many do not have this kind of consciousness, white waste a lot of time on unnecessary things.
At last they realize, but everything has been late again, time.
It's easier said than done but hard to do .Confronted with this problem, what can we do?
First of all, we should realise the importance of time, save time concept put them in their heart, so that they can think of to save time.
Save time to starts from the minor matter, grasp the usual every minute.
Second work to a detailed plan before, this will also can save a lot of time.
Time is like the water in sponge, rely on extrusion, reasonable utilization of time is to save time.
Time is precious, finally let us grasp now every moment to cherish the time, cherish life.
With the development of modern science and technoligy, some aspects of traditional culture are being lost.
Some people suppose that the traditional culture will be displaced by the modern science and internet.
Modern science and technique facilitate both our diurnal and academic life a lot, with which we can rescue much mony and time.
Quite a few people, especially youngers, holding traditional Chinese culture is out-dated and of little using in modern society.
For example, books and written words comparably require fewer rescuers to spread, information and are more convenient to users.
In the digital world, anyone can upload or posts information on the website that could be visited free by millions of people worldwide.
In my opinion, some measures should be taken to protect traditional culture effectively and there is no need to worry about whether our traditional culture will be lost.
Spring festival has gone,and during spring festival ,I did a lot of things.
Before the spring festival started,my mother took me to buy a new clothes and a pair of jeans.I'm happy to put on it on.In addition,we bought some vegetables and fruits to prepare Chinese new year's eve.
In Chinese new year's eve,I with my parents went to my grandparents'home in the afternoon.We stick the good fortune character in the window and spring poetic couplet in the door,we continued to do some cleaning before the dinner.We ate dumplings that my mother made at the dinner on New Year's Eve and at the same time we watched the CCTV Spring Festival Gala.It's very amusing for me.We stay up late on New year's Eve.In the past time,we set off fireworks.but,now we didn't shoot off them.
In the first day of the New Year,we also went to my grandparents'home.
I use my cell phone to send my good wishes to my relationship and my friends via the Internet.The elder relationship need to give red packets to the young.
From the third day of the New Year,we went to relationships' home to pay a New Year call and I get lots of red packets.So I'm very happy.
The Lantern Festival is the last day of the spring festival.We need to eat rice dumplingson it.
We are pleased to inform you that we have transported the goods under our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 items are on the "Pearl" steamer ship,then it will be Changed in Hongkong "May flower" steamer ship.About the system by CFR transactions.We have faxed in March 2013 15 to you, so that you can over in time.
Hello everyone.I am glad to have a speech about being a good listener.Now I will tell you something about this.
Because this behavior can show our respect,making our relationship deeply and we can know somebody clearn.
Second,we can show us the strength of being a good listener.parents listen theirs children ,parents will know the mind of their children more clearn.that can reduce the arguments about parents with children.Teacher listens students,that can help students knowing more technology out of book.If classmate listen each other,and then the relationship between classmate and classmate will deeply.And they can make progress together.
Third,how to be a good listener.The ways as follows,when someone talking to you.You should look at his or hers eyes.And you can't cut off other's talking.Believe each other it is very important.You need tell something really about yourself to others.
If we do these ways that we can be a good listener.This behavior it is good for ourselves.My speech is finishing.Thank you for your listening.
As social beings, it is necessary for us to consider the environment around us when we causing the decision.
For the simple reason that if we follow the majority, the environment would provide us warmth and strong connection with people around you, but if we don't follow it and insist on our decision, the isolation you receive would be a great obstacle in the way to success.
The loneliness would surround you.
Resources are only provided for majority.
In one case, teacher lets students vote whether they would stay in the classroom and self-study quietly or just does the group project in the meeting room.
If most students choose to do the group project, even you want to self study so badly, teacher would not allow, and your group members would not be glad if they know you do not want to work with them.
In the other side of the situation, you choose to do the group project even thought the self study would bring more benefits to you.Nonetheless, you would not be so showy among the class, and you could enjoy the group project with your friends.
Indeed, sometimes we want to insist our own decision so badly that we hesitate for a long time, the opinion of the majority would not be a poor guide once we analysis the circumstance rationally.
My father is the man who I respect most.
My father is not very tall while he is tall in my heart.
He wears glasses, and there are a few grey hairs on his head.
In my childhood, he always "taught" me to be respectful for the workers and be grateful to what others have done for me even if I paid.
He "taught" me not by his words not by his behavior.
Example is better than precept and children believe what they see more than what they are told.
So, he did, I watched and I learned.
Saying "thank you" to everyone who provides convenience for you.
That's what he did, and that's what I learned.
Say thank you to the taxi drivers when I get off the taxi, say thank you to the shop salers when I pay the money and so forth.
He taught me a lot of sense by his own example.
My father is a very dutiful son.
He made time to see my grandma was alive every weekend even though the house was far away for mine.
He combed hair for my grandma, and answered the questions asked by grandma many times with patience.
He made me understand that family love is the greatest love of all, and it is beyond everything.
He is not only a filial son but also a considerate husband.
And he always shows consideration for my mother.
As my father and my mother are busy for work, my father often rushes to cook when he comes home from work as many times as possible.
And he doesn't want my mother to help him, especially in summer.
Because it is very hot in the kitchen and my father does not want her to get too tired.
In China, and many other countries, cooking seems to be a woman's obligation.
But my father does not think so, he just want to share housework for my mother.
And he tries his best to make more time for her to have a rest.
He is really very thoughtful.
For children, he is very patient.
Not only for his own child but also for his students.
My father is a teacher.
As I was one of his students, I knew how his class is.
He never loses his temper in front of his students, and always encourage them when they lose heart.
Almost every student that he taught show respectful for him.
What's more, he is also a caring person.
He love animals just like I do.
And maybe this characteristic that I love animals inherits from him.
Oneday, A wandering cat came to my home for food.
My father gave the delicious fish to her.
She was so glad that she came to my home everyday from then on.
Oneday, the wandering cat came my home as usual.
She walked through the living room and then came to the bedroom.
She jumped onto my father's trousers which was put on the sofa.
Then she fell asleep.
My mother noticed the cat,and she worried that the cat would dirty the trousers.
She was about to drive away the cat.
Just then, my father stopped her from waking up the cat.
This is my father who brings me up and teaches me things by his own example.
I love him.
Chinese government has issued a smoking ban recently.
The ban claim that people around China are prohibited to smoke in the public places from the first day of 2011.
The ban,which goal is to make the national indoor public places free from the smoke so the non-smoke sighs will be posted.
The reason why the government decide to issue the decision is that there are about 350 million smokers in our country including 75% of male and 25% of female, which does harm to us a lot.
The amount of people who are affected by the second-hand smoke is about 540 million and over 10 million people die of second-hand smoke annually.
There are a lot of difference between Chinese and the West in the style of education.
Teachers in the China usually teach by holding hands, while educators in the west give priority to creativity.
In china, when a child don't know how to do, his teacher will show him how to do and then the child can accomplish the task well.
And he also can proceed to more complex activities.
For example , Benjamin would usually fail to drop the key into a box through a slot.
nearby would come over to watch him and attempt to assist.
He or she would hold onto his hand and guide it directly, reposition it and help him insert it.
In a word , teachers in the China teach students or children by holding their hands.
So children as young as 5 or 6 in china are painting flowers and animals with the skill and confidence of an adult.
However, in the west, people value originality, creativity and independence.
In Benjamin's case, his parents didn't much care whether he succeed in inserting the sky into the slot.
They try to teach him that one can solve the problem effectively by himself.
In brief, a child in the west is likely to view life, as a series of situations in which one has to learn to think for oneself, to solve problems on one's own and even to discover new problems for which creative solutions are wanted.
As far as I'm concerned, the fostering of skills and creativity are both worthwhile goals, we should gather a superior way to approach education and struck a better balance between the poles of creativity and basic skills.
Xian Xinghai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music.He was born in Macao,in the south coast of China.He was born in 1905.He was good at music and he studied in Pairs.Later he began to make pieces by traditionai Chinese music.He wrote The Yellow River in 1939 when he was 34.And he was famous for it.Chinese people called him"People's Musician".
Xian Xinghai died young,1945.His songs are still popular today.
I want to study English for different reasons.
 years befor , my elder sister told me that well learning English would help me in many ways.
The second, I was envious of someone who communicated well in english.
And I wanted to do as well as they do.
Finally, I think that English would change a man .For example, it could make someone more confidence.
And it would hlep me make more frends whose mother tongue is English.
It is well-known that mercy killing has been a controversial and sensitive issue since medicine developed.
The development of science and technology makes it possible to execute mercy killing.
Mercy killing is a way to free patients who are extremely painful from endless sufferings.
In other words, mercy killing is to end one's life who is terminally ill, intentionally and without pains instead of dying naturally.
However, different people hold different views against this issue because our country hasn't made it legal.
I dare say most people in our society are opposed to executing mercy killing.
They would say it is brutal to do so.
In fact, it is a humane act, which means "happy death".
First of all, mercy killing can end the intolerable pains of the patients.
Though our life is full of happiness and sorrow and pains are indispensable.The pains that terminal patients have to suffer are far from what we can imagine.The pains tolerate them physically and psychologically.
When they are diagnosed with cancer and told it cannot be cured with drugs, their world collapse.
They have nothing to do but wait for death.
In addition, pains accompany them.
This is really a kind of torture and some action must be taken to improve this situation.
Under this circumstance, the key to ending this miserable life is mercy killing.
Second, mercy can lighten both the financial burden and spiritual burden of the families.
On the one hand, the surgeries, drug, and the equipment used to maintain the patients' life really cost a fortune.
Not all families and afford such a large amount of money.
Some families have to sell out all valuable things in order to collect money.
Even the worse, some people commit crimes which are against laws.
On the other hand, after long-term care, families will feel exhausted, depressed, hopeless.
Consequently, conflicts may arise.
And try to think on the patients' side, they definitely are reluctant to see their beloved ones so painful.
Last but not least, mercy killing can save medical resources and reduce death rates.
When a patient is terminal, more advanced equipment will be of no use.
And doctors will not operate on patients because of high risk.
In this case, mercy killing will save manpower and medical resources which can be used for other patients.
Then other people's lives can be saved.
It really does good to hospitals and other patients.
In a word, mercy killing has a lot of advantages.
It contributes to ending the pains of incurable patients, lightening the burden of families, saving medical resources and so on.
Patients have every rights to decide how they end their lives.
It's better to die than to live in misery.
Though our country doesn't have a specific law about mercy killing, I hope if everyone view it in a positive way, mercy killing will be legalized one day.
In that case, everything will be under the protection of the law and people don't have to worry about it.
What we should do now is to advocate it and let more people be aware of its advantages.
Along with the human's development, trained animals have penetrated into almost everywhere in our society.
Dog, whose ancestor is indeed the wolf, now is kept in our yard as a guard.
While some people prefer to trained animals to help humans, others insist that animals shouldn't be trained, as they have the equal rights as humans do.
Those who are advocated for the training of animals maintain that training doesn't necessarily mean the invasion of animals' rights.
On the contrary, animals can also benefit from it as long as we humans treat them friendly.
In this case, a much closer relationship can be built between humans and animals.
However, controversy about trained animals arises.
Many people are concerned about this training, which they believe may have quite some adverse impact on animals.
In the first place, animals can be less active and aggressive than they would be in the wild, which is harmful to the development of either the individuals or the races.
Additionally, if animals were not trained they would undoubtedly run and hunt in the customary way.
After all, nature is rather the place they should go.
For my part,I do believe that animals can be trained to help humans on condition that the training is beneficial to both humans and animals.
Only in this win-win way can we humans live harmoniously with animals.
I know you want to improve your spoken English.Here's some advice for you.
First,you should communicate with your friends in English.It's the most important ways for you.
In your free time,you can listen radio about English news.Watching English programs that you are interesting in is helpful for you.
Joining English Corner,there are many activities about English.And you'll make many friends in there who teach you more.
If you like traveling,you can go abroad.Such as Britain,America,Australia and so on.You not only can learn spoken English,but also know about their local culture.
I am so poor of my spoken English before that everyday I record my voice when I reading English articles or I singing my favourite English songs.Remember no pain no gain.
My best.
Abstract: At present, the rising of the eco-tourism as a sustainable form of tourism in the world, is not nearly 20 years, but has caused very extensive and profound influence as an important part of sustainable tourism development.
In many countries or areas, tourism as an important economic sector as well as the economic pillar industry of today, eco-tourism as an ideal form, has made some progress in our country, and has been the essential content of local authorities planning.
In this paper, it analyzes the present situation of eco-tourism, development of eco-tourism problems from the concept and meaning of eco-tourism, and puts forward the development of eco-tourism in China strategy.
This article on the development of eco-tourism strategy aims to enhance China 's status and brand, better promotion of eco-tourism and the tourism industry.
With the development of economy,unfortunately,our environment is becoming worse and worse.Many cities in the world are struggling with the air pollution and people have to wear respirators to fight against it.Among many causes,I think automobile is the major reason.In order to have a better living environment,I suggest that we should use fewer cars.
First of all,try to use public transportation instead of your cars whenever possible.It has become a phenomenon that more and more people drive their cars every day, no matter where they go.If things go on like this,you can imagine how bad our environment will be.From now on,avoid using your private vehicle often and yo can choose to take subway and buses.What's more,carpooling is also a good choice.You can not only save money,but also make contributions to our environment.
Secondly,I think government should take some measures to advocate fewer car uses.For example,during the Beijing Olympic Games,Chinese Government issued an odd-even car ban.More specifically,if the date is odd,it means people who possess even-numbered license plates are not allowed to drive cars.This action made a huge success.It simultaneously eased the traffic pressure and reduced the air pollution.
Everyone is responsible for creating a better environment.If we really use fewer cars,I maintain ther will be less air pollution.
Many students tend to cheat in the exams.
Some copy the answers from their books.
Others talk with each other to share the right answers.
Still others even write down the information on their skin.
There are several causes leading to cheating.
Firstly, some students want to get high scores without paying efforts.
Secondly, some are under great pressure and they fear to fail the exams.
Thirdly, school's financial incentives for higher scores provide another driving force.
There are at least two ways to eliminate cheating.
On the one hand, we should explain the harm of cheating to our students.
On the other hand, strict measures should be taken against cheating.
By doing so, the fair play in the exams can be achieved and students can pay attention to study instead of cheating.
It is a usual phenomena that many people use Mobile Phone in library where reading part today.
The phenomena are likely to get some bad influence.For example, if somebody uses Mobile Phone to talk loudly in the library, you will get annoyed and can't be able to read books.
Therefore I think it is a bad behavior who use Mobile Phone with make noise in the library.
In my opinion,we shouldn't do that.So I'm look forward to using Mobile Phone with a right way in the library.
When we go to the library, we can make our Mobile Phone no voice.
If someone calls us, we can send a short message instead of talk Mobile Phone.
As a new college student.Many students don't know how to spend time in college .
Firstly,we must set a goal for ourselves,no matter how big it is.Because it can make you have a clear way in your college life.
Secondly,we should try our best to learn professional basic course.Because it is your future job.If you don't study hard,you will reap nothing when you graduate from the college.
Thirdly,we can take part in some clubs,which you are interested.It can make your college life become more colorful.
Finally,you can find a part-time job when you have extra time.It can improve your social practice ability.
After the senior school life,we get into a new world--college life.
For college life,I am very anxious.
I think college is free and exciting.
It is an important problem.
In my opinion,I want to make a lot of good friends and learning many skills.
Time use is the key to success.
I have to make good use of my time.
One of the most important of these is to exercise my ability.
I love college life.
I am looking forward to going there.
In the contemporary society,it is very common for celebrities,or the so-called superstars,to be spokesmen or representatives for a wide variety of products.Celebrities' advertisements can be easily found on the Internet,televisions,newspapers,magazines and even on the walls of some buildings.
There are,however, some problems for celebrities and the consumers.To begin with,before representing,a star may know nothing about the product.Thus,consumers may be mislead.Even worse,for the sake of money,some stars advertise for items with low quality,even for fake commodities.In the case of Sanlu,the public image of stars involved was spoiled.Last but not least,the high income of advertising does not deserve their labor,which widens the gap between the poor and the rich.
From my point of view,it is high time that measures were taken to eliminate the demerits.
Firstly,laws should be worked out to regulate celebrities' advertising.Secondly,stars should be required to tell the truth to the public.Only by doing so can stars be trusted by their fans and can consumers benefit.
Time is a river, of which memory is the water.
About half a year ago, I took part in my first English Speech Contest.
When I stood front the microphone, with all eyes starring directly at me, I could hardly speak.
I stood there, embarrassed and helpless, struggling in vain for the right thing to say.
I was scared to death.
