I think,everyone should realizes the seriousness of the problem and make concerned to protectour environment.And if everyone pays more attention to our environment,there will be less pollutin and our life will be beautiful.
There's only one earth,I hope everyone protect our enviroment well.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
With the development of industry and agriculture, cars make great noises and give off poisonous gas.
As a result of a sharp rise in population, resources has become less and less.
Actually, resources are overdeveloped to support the increasing population now.
Besides, overdevelopment has a negative effect on the environment.
In addition, the forest have been cut down overly.
What's more, many countries are lacking in water resources, which makes it hard for people to have access to safe drinking water.
Above all, air pollution is one of the major problems all over the world as well, because most of countries' energy is produced by burning coal.
We must face the situation that exists and take actions to solve our environmental problems.
For a start, to strengthen the environmental protection awareness, and enhance people's sense of urgency.
Moreover, it is a good idea to go out by bicycle instead of driving a car.
Furthermore, ordered factory make a good deal of industrial waste problem.
Eventually,we hope that all these measures will be effective and bring back a healthful environment.
Reading different kinds of books is a good habit.I think it is a good habit because I can learn things from books.And I can have more knowledge to enrich my life.
Books are not only my good friends, but also my teachers.We should read widely.
It is good and important for us to read different kinds of books.
I enjoy reading books and I like this good habit very much.
".We have alot of different advice.
Let me talk something about it.
% of the students think we should keep animals in the zoos.
In this way, animals can be taken good car of by people, so that people can see them in the zoos.
But 60% of the students say we shouldn't keep them in the zoos.
Beacause animals can't walk free in the cages.
they won't feel happy.
Animals love living in the wilds.
There is their home and it can give them too much thing but the zoos can't.
In my opinion, some endangered animals should be kept in the zoos.
The zoos can protect them.
And, people should not kill animals for their fur.
We can build some mature reserves to protect animals.
Let's procect animals, it can make our Earth more and more beauty.
Most people today like to travel with a companion.
But, different with them, I like to travel alone for some reasons.
First, travel alone can save much time for you.
People who travel with others always have some problem, for example, as a group, we always have to waiting some people because they do everything slowly.
But if we were the solo traveler, we need not to wait any one.
Just make sure you are prepared, then, we can go and began our journey.
Second, to travel alone can avoid some problems that only occur in the companion travelling.
For example, everyone have their own characteristic.
So some people may like to eat some spicy food or playing some exciting games.
These things may become the nightmare for other people.
Therefore, there may be some bad argument or even a conflict between the people.
Sometimes it will cause some injury.
And a travel to paradise will turns into a travel to hell.
Third, travel with a companion sometimes will cause some waste of money.
As a consumer, we can clearly recognize what we need and what we needn't.
But in fact, when we travelling with other people.
The tour guide have to thinking about most of the people, so they will buy all the ticket of attractions and pack it as one ticket to sell us.
And we don't have other choices but to buy this ticket.
That will cost some waste of money because you doesn't need it.
At last, as what I said.
Travel with a companion will highly limit your actions your time.
It is clear that to travel along have more advantages than travel with a companion.
So I prefer to travel alone.
Our school is located in huaian suburbs ,So we feel very remote.
Our school is further building, the facilities are not perfect, teachers are extremely rare.
Whenever holidays school will be very quiet, all the students must go home, always let a person feel not quite reasonable.
Our school library is too small now, there is only a few books, sometimes hard to find want books, this gives us a lot of students to learn the inconvenience.
I hope in student learning schools can be given more investment, give us create a good learning environment.We students will actively participate in the school building, the school will become more open, the better.
As the saying goes, time is life.
With the development of society, people's increasingly fast pace of life, time becomes more and more valuable.
But some people are more and more do not cherish the time.
I think that time is money, some successful people time is very precious, a minute may lose a lot of money.For the dying person, time will think that this life.For those scientists, time means innovation, to give them more time, maybe the world will be more great invention, our life may occur changes in turn the world upside down.
We have nothing to do to spend today, yesterday is dead tomorrow which person of the body implored.
We cherish a deep-seated hate for now, is once again in the future also cannot go back.Therefore we should cherish the time.
Every family has a lot of housework.
Everyone should help parents do housework.
I often wash dishes,sweep the floor,tidy up the room and so on.
I think it is good for students to do housework.
We can understand parents.
We can share some of housework.
I will learn to cook something for parents.
Parents tired a day,if we do some housework,parents will feel relaxing.
They are proud of us.
Now,the children depend on with their parents.
Some person will not do housework so we must learn to independence.
You can't depend on your parents in the life.
Parents don't worry about.
Let's do housework together.
When I was eight years ago.I went to the TianJin Zoo with my father and my mother.On the morning,we drive a car to go to there.
There are some kinds of animal in the Zoo.Such as panadas,lions and tigers.It are so cute.The monkey were very smart and it're always made me laugh.The giraffe were so tall.I give it some leafves to feed .
In the noon,we had a picnic at there.I ate some bread ang drank some water.
When the afternoon came,We went to home.Although we very tired,we all very glad.
A girl from Chengdu called Lingling was deprived of the opportunity to further her study in University as her father hold the belief that several years in University was just a waste of time.
This piece of news has sparked off an intense debate on whether it is useful to go to University.
Some, like Lingling's father, say it's rather more useful to work early than spending four years studying, while others think university is an essential stage in every person's life.
From my perspective, I believe going to universities is indeed useful.
In terms of future career, the time we spend in universities ensures a range of more comprehensive knowledge.
Firstly, universities open up new dimensions of knowledge to us.
For instance, we can't master Lagrange's theorem if you study it without the guidance from Advanced Mathematics teachers.
Likewise, we are not qualified to be a skilful interpreter without the basis that college teachers can teach us.
What's more, there are many optional courses available in universities, and we can even broaden our horizons by taking them.
Secondly, professional skills and knowledge we get in high schools are so general that we cannot use them to make a life.
However, in universities, they will be sharpened up.
As the news above indicates, Lingling's father would rather his daughter work early than waste money and time in universities.
Nonetheless, his opinion is short-sighted.
Even if we just want to make money by running businesses, universities can still teach us how to manage, how to budget.
Nowadays, many bosses are inclined to pursue an MBA degree, this show why universities are necessary from another side.
People often regard the university as the preparation for society, and this is another reason why the university counts.
Above all, universities provide a stable transition from family to the society for us.
Most students in China live with parents for the first eighteen years of their lives.
In most cases, if they are thrown into society after graduation from high schools immediately, it will be difficult for them to cope with.
While if spending four years in a university where they have to live independently, but also can find someone to depend on when they're in trouble, they will be more prepared before entering the social community.
Additionally, there are plenty of organizations in the university, and they are just like various companies in society, we can improve our management abilities and learn how to negotiate with other people which are essential after stepping into the society.
Then, in the mini-society of a university, we will establish bound interpersonal connections which will be precious in the future.
It is always said that friendships in universities are lifelong.
In other words, after entering society, friends will try their best to help you and share our happiness as well as sorrow.
Lastly, universities help us form a good character.
In the famous article titled Another College Year-What for?, the author John Ciardi has already told us why the university is indispensable for everyone.
We go to universities to put ourselves in touch with the best human minds.
To a certain degree, those great human minds will cultivate our own as well.
For instance, by exposing ourselves to the works of Shakespeare, Dante or Einstein, we will experience their lives that we can't live ourselves through which we will be more exact and cultivated, and will benefit us in our study and work.
Admittedly, many students who just want to have fun in universities make some people disappointed about higher education.
Whereas it is undoubted that if we put in efforts in the 4-year college time, we will be more prepared to work with facility in the near future, and our personalities will be polished.
Whether going to university is useful or useless, it depends on how we treat it.
As long as taking it seriously, it is an unforgettable stage that can benefit us not only temporarily but throughout life.
In dictionary the meaning of "best friend" is "a friend who is closest to you", so best friend occupies an essential position in our life.
I am fortunate to have a best friend, so it is easier for me to define "best friend".
Not every one can have a best friend.
You can have lots of friends but a best friend is someone who is really different from the others.
Best friend is the one who must always stand beside you, no matter who you are and what difficulties you are in.
My best friend is so.
Despite my bad temper, she can always read my moods and forgive my faults .You may not be aware that your best friend always stands beside you, but once he or she leaves, you'll feel lonely, find yourself living miserably, you cannot live without him or her.
A best friend is someone you can count on.
When you are in trouble he or she is the one you can talk to, because he or she knows you too much maybe more than you know yourself.
You will spend all of your time to have fun or do all sorts of things with him or her.
Even if you make a fool in front of him or her, you wouldn't feel embarrassed.
Most importantly, you love your best friend, as if he or she is your brother or sister, even though you are not related.
Marx and Engels' cooperation is a particular striking example to show what is a best friend.
As the leader of the international communist movement, they created a great friendship after getting together to guide the proletarian revolutionary movements, and had been talking about all sorts of political events and theoretical issues in science for 40 years.
All in all, a good friend as well as four-leaved clover: it's hard to find but once you've found are extremely lucky.
I believe "you don't love a woman because she is beautiful,but she is beautiful because you love her.
"So love is wonderful.
Today,there is a new way to love ,it's the network.Some people being cyber love .Some people suppose that cyber love is benefit and disadvantage.Firstly love is a product of communication.Cyber love's people talk with the network ,they can say some what they tend to,but they can't say in fact.Secondly,love is born of beauty in the distance.Maybe they can more love each other.However,some people maybe dally with love ,so cyber love have a little danger.
If you haven't BF or GF ,you can try to cyber love .Though cyber love is danger ,I believe true love and never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing game.
As is known to all, waste on campus has become a more and more serious problem.
We can easily see many students dump a lot of food in the garbage can.
Stone students spend thousands of yuan buying fashionable clothes and so on.
The negative effects of waste can be shown in the following aspects.
In the first place, it makes stone students dependent on their parents for money, which is harmful to their development.
If they don't learn to support themselves, they will be useless people when they graduate.
In the second place, it is not easy for our parents to arrange for our schooling.
Last but not the least important, there is no denying the fact that our country is still poor.
There are many people who cannot go to university and many poor people still need our help.
As far as I am concerned, I should set a good example to reduce waste on campus.
First of all, I will refrain from wasting anything, from food to stationery.
What's more, I'm determined to call on more schoohnates to fight against waste.
Only through these measures can we hope to reduce waste on campus.
Mencius argued that human are born good, while Xunzi put forward that people are born evil.
From my standpoint, I'm with Xunzi.
In my point of view, people who are born selfish should learn to put moral principles, rather than their own interests into behaviour through education and ritual.
Here's my reasons.
Every person has two opposite sides.
One side is called natural side, while the other side is called social side.
From the literal meaning of the words, natural side shows the natural nature of a man as an animal, which represents these bad qualities such as greediness.
While social side shows the social nature as a man living in society, which represents these virtues such as selflessness.
Whether a man is good or not depends on which side is more on that man.
If the natural side is more, the man is more a selfish one, rather than a selfless one and vice versa.
A man is born with natural nature, but social natural must be learned in society.
When a man is born, he receives no effects from society, but he has his natural nature.
He doesn't know what is right but knows what he needs.
If this man continues to grow up without any education or ritual, he will certainly do what he wants,maybe stealing food to solve starvation or so on.
So a man is born evil.
If man receive social effect, his social nature will be expanded and natural nature will be suppressed.
Then the man will be kind-hearted and selfless.
So education is a good way to teach people what is good and what is bad, expanding people's social side to let people do good things.
So people should receive education to put moral principles into behaviours.
Above all, people are born evil, and they should become more social through education and ritual to suppress natural side and to expand social side, to put moral principles above their own interests.
In 2004,the Athens Olypic Games,Liu Xiang won a gold medal with the record of 12.91 seconds.And keep the world record for 11years.In2006,with 12.88 seconds in Lausanne,Switzerland track and field super series broke the world record which had been lasted for 13 years.But in the 2008 Beijing Olypic Games dropped out of the race due to injury.At the 2012 London Olypic Games,Liu Xiang was blocked and fell to the ground,hop to the end missed the cut.
In 2008,out of the race due to injury.In 2012 was backed on the track.Although no promotion.But obvious,Liu Xiang is not for the sake of fame and the gold medal,but fot the sake of spirit of the Olypic Games.
So,I am in favor of their return and bring energy to more people.
I'm writing to express our warm welcome to you on behalf of my class.
Believe that you'll adapt to the new environment with pleasure.
When it comes to what life is like in China, the warm weather and fresh air contribute to eating well-done food.
We attach more importance to breakfast and lunch.
Our class develop the sense of responsibility through the social activities, such as visiting Tianjin Library, where we can acquire knowledge and broaden our horizon.
Having striken a balance between study and entertainment, we feel relaxed both physically and mentally even if the work is hard.
As both China and America are developing at a high pace, competition and cooperation are both essential.
With teenagers playing an increasingly important role in country, I'll appreciate it if you can exchange ideas with us, which can promote the friendship between us.
If you have something else to know, just write to me.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
In recent years, online shopping has gained great popularity among thousands of netizens.
More exactly speaking it is proved to be a kind of fashion.
As for consumers, the internet relieves them of tiring window-shopping.
Just click the mouse then people can enjoy the convenience of "Order Online, Home Delivery".
Besides, online stores provide hundreds of times more options than real stores so that consumers are able to find whatever they like.
As for sellers, they benefit form this low-input, low-cost business expansion which strengthens their competitiveness in the increasing tight business market.
However, online shopping also has its disadvantages.
First, though both buyers and sellers follow a series of codes and conduct, the legislation and regulation on online shopping is relatively backward, leaving consumers out of legal safeguard.
Second, going shopping online is always tinged with some sort of trick--it is common to find out that the products sold online is not as satisfying as expected.
Without touch, careful inspection, buyers are easily swindled by those composite photos.
With all these advantages and disadvantages in mind, I suggest that we should put our attitude towards online shopping in perspective.
Give a second thought before purchasing so as not to waste money on unnecessary stuffs.
Then, we'd better have a preference on the stores with good reputation and be wary of all the details in the description of the goods to avoid dupery.
After doing so, we can enjoy the pleasure brought by online shopping.
My name is W I have some views about taking a mobile phone to school.
In my opinion, taking the mobile phone to school have advantage and disadvantage.
From the strong point, we take the mobile phone to school is very convenient when we available for our friengs and parents.
However, the mobile phone can make us more happy.
And the other hand, it is badlyfor us to take the mobile phone to school.
Some syudents will play the mobile phone when the teachers was in class, it will affect other students to study.
And then when we use the mobile phone to chatting and texting is not make good use of time and money.
The most important is some students use the mobile phone to piay the game and cheat, it is very bad for us.
At last , I have some advices.
First, when we in calss not tu use the mobile phone.
Second, we should not play a game in the mobile phone.
The last, the mobile phone is valuables, we should take care of it.
Tourism is one of the most promising industry.
As we all know, developing tourism is a good way to stimulate the increasing of the economy.
Especially in some area that other industy can not be the main motivation to help the develop of the local economy.
For example, in some small towns, they can not bring in the huge industry because of the lack of the space.
So, devoping the tourism can be a good way to help.
But, if we develop the tourism without any control, it would turn out to be a disaster.
To develop the tourism means to develop some of the nature, and also some of the culture relics.
We all know the culture relics are of long history.
If we let tourists damage them.we will lose a great deal of wealth!
Among all, I think we should not limit the development of the tourism, we just need to do some control to deal with the problems that happened during the development of the tourism.
Such as limit the number of the tourists, pulish some laws to protect the culture relics etc.
in a word, the development of the economy is so important that we need to find good way to help it, and developing the tourism is a good way, so should not limit the development of the tourism.
With the development of society, the debate of when to retire is raised among the general public.
Some people claim it is justified that companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities for the new generation.
Admittedly, the idea held by these people do contain an element of truth.
However, I do not quite agree with these arguers, because they tend to ignore two other essential aspects as following.
For one thing, it is a waste of talents, if we encourage high-level employees to retire ahead of time.
It is no denying that experience is one of the most essential factors during working.
No one can be professional without decades of practice and observation.
For instance, when someone is ill, he would like to go to an older doctor than a younger, because the older doctor must be more professional in his view.
So we can easily make the conclusion that high-level employees with rich experience are vital to a lot of jobs.
For another, encouraging high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 will overload the financial burden of society.
As we all know, the problem of the ageing population is getting worse as a result of Chinese family planning.
Statistics shows that China will the aging society in about ten years.
Perhaps the young can hardly afford the burden of society.
Early retirement at the age of 55 will make the situation worse.
Given reasons above, to encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 is absolutely infeasible.
A new conception has been proposed recently, that we should retire elasticity.
Let's wait and see Whether it is feasible.
When it comes to about sending gifts,it is a normal phenomenon that on excessive packaging.
Nowadays,what we send is packing instead on a gift itself.
Recently,people concentrate whether the packaging is perfect or not.
They think that the degree of excessive packaging means their sincerity.
Then,people beginning to compare with each other promote that excessive packaging is more and more serious.
Because things continue this way,it has caused a vicious circle.
Packaging is valved and commodities are ignored.
In one word,if you want to gain help from others,you have to send gifts with excessive packaging.
In my opinion,the first stage is all of the manufactures should not continue to produce products with excessive packaging and should focus on how to improve the quality of wares.The second stage is that consumers should buy something because of its essence without packaging.Let's do it together.
Are you free this Sunday?Students' Union plans to organise an outdoor activity.We can get close to nature.Students can take exercise as well.
We get together on 7:30 at the school gate.The activity begins on 8o'clock,and it will be last 3 hours.When it is 11o'clock,we will go home.
We go to Guang Ming Farm.It is 2 kilometers far away.So we can get there by bus together.People can plant vegetables and water flowers.Student can learn many interest things.
I invite you to come with us.I'm sure we will have a good activity on weekend.
As we all know, every country have their own different features.
So the values are different between Chinese and Western.
It makes the ways of thinking or behaviors of people are different in every country.
In cross-cultural communication, these differences are easy to cause the misunderstandings between the two sides.
Values are difference in cross-culture communication.
There are three main differences of the performance between Chinese and Western values.
First, the mainstream of values.
The mainstream of Western cultural value is the spirit of fighting for self-satisfaction.
The Western culture of publicizes personality emphasizes the protection of individual interests.
Focus on the potential of independent individuals and strengthens the awareness of individual rights.
The values of mainstream Chinese culture are the spirit of harmony.
In the relationship between human and nature, human and nature can live in harmony.
In human relation, emphasis the importance of harmony with the human good.
The Chinese nation is a peace-loving and friendly one.
Second, relationship and humans to natures.
In Western country, relationship and humans to nature is: humans control nature.
As follows: make life comfortable and convenient, problems can be solved once we know the facts.
The Western experience of human life being separate from nature can be found in the Bible story of creation.
As masters of nature, human encouraged controlling it and exploiting it in any way, they choose to master the nature world.
In China, relationships and humans to nature is: harmony with nature, as follows: live according to the rhythms of nature, everything thing has its own character, be balanced.
Chinese traditional medicine shows the cultural value of harmony with nature.
Thirds, social relationships in Western country social relationships is individual, as follows: express your own feelings and ideas, be as independent and self-reliant as possible; make your own decisions and choices.
In culture with individualist values each person is seen as autonomous and separate.
In individualist cultures people are more likely to express pride in themselves and their accomplishment rather than to express pride in their group, company, family or hometown.
In China, social relationships are hierarchy, as follows: obey authority, figures to know what to think and do.
In both obvious and subtle ways people's relationships with one another are influenced by where they perceive each other to be in a number of different hierarchies.
Any social group has its own particular culture and the value, and any social individual is the cultural product, which share their own social group's rules, the formation that is built in any community.
Because the different world view, religious belief, miners in life, national system, education systems and so on.
We should respect the different cultures of the countries.
As we know, in the college students have too much free time.
And the library to the life of students more and more important in the modern society.It is a good place where students can make good use of their spare time.But there is a serious problem that many students often use of mobile phone in library's reading room.
There is no doubt that this phenomenon result in many negative influence.
At first,students who use the mobile phone play games or send messages in the library not only influence yourself study but also disturb others study.
Worse is to come, it will result in a great waste of time and money.Secondly, we all know, the library is the place that college school offer where we can study.
So it is more important to keep quiet in the library.
Finally, using the mobile phone in the library also effect the library study atmosphere.
So I think restricting the mobile phone in the library is necessary.People are supposed to keep their mobile phone silent.
It is good for both others and you.
After all, library is a place to study and we should bring home to students the importance of protecting library study atmosphere.
Math is difficult to many people.when I first studied math.
I only can added and substracted the figures.but math has many operating ways .
it is not easy to me.
Now I can learn math in many operating ways.I feeled math is interesting and found the ways to learn this.for instance.when you met question.you can put the question in the reality life .this way I can improve my ability that I'm really improving.
So,if you met the question in math.please you don't afriad about it.I think we would improve.
In the year of 2008, a devastating earthquake in Wenchuan , Sichuan was outbroke.
Unfortunately, the disaster was so serious that thousands of people lost their homes.
Although 3 years have passed , people never forgot it .
The Chinese communists held a meeting when they got the bad news , and right away the rescue measures had been discussed.
Then the government sent an army to rescue the victims .
Because of the bad weather ,and frequently aftershock ,the work of rescue was very difficult .
In addition ,the transportation has been broken off .
So the PLA men could't use cars .
Only could they use is some small boats to rescue the victims .
Timely the news was covered ,all over the country people altogether took some useful actions , like self-conscious donation for clothing and quilt or been a volunteer .
We all prayed for the victims from the bottom of our heart .
After the disaster , we could see that there had no bounds to what the love of the Chinese nation could accomplish .
Now, there are two views , some students dislike reading.
In their views, they believe that practice is more important than reading.
what is more, they think they can learn from practicing.
Of course, they also can learn skills to solve problems, the most important reason is that practice will makestudents become clever .
While other students disagree that view.
they hold this vies that reading is more important than practice.
They still believe that develop a reading habit can help boys become handsome and girls become smart.
Reading will take them to a wonderful and great wold.
They will learn more.
Reading is a good habit.
We should keep it.
In my eyes, I think practice is as important as reading.
At first, we should keep reading, then we can use the konwledge which learning from reading to solve problems in practice .
I believe we can do it.
With the rapid development of the economy,education is more and more important.As the saying goes,"knowledge is power.
"In the university,the top students are amirable.
According to the the teacher and other commen students,there are something in commen betwwen these top students.One of these is concentrate.Top student allow no interruptions of their study time.Once the books are open,phone calls go unanswered,TV unwatched and nespapers unread.
In addition,they are organize their time and materials properly,keeping everything just where they could get their hands on it,after all,even a short break to stretch or get some fresh air can work wonders.At last,taking good notes,asking question and studing togeher are their approach to study.
In a short, learning how to study is significant for a top student.I also learnt a lot form they,so I decided to work hard to become a top student.
our life today depends on very much energy.
In towns and in villages, on farms and in factories.
Machines have made our life easier than it used to be.
The machines use energy, and energy is needed for heating, lighting, communication, carrying goods and so on.
Factories and industrial plants use a great deal of energy to make the things that we use and buy or sell.
No one can avoid being influenced by advertisements.
Much as we may pride ourselves on our good taste, we are no longer free to choose the thing we want, for advertising exerts a perfect influence on us.
In their efforts to persuade us to buy their products.
Advertisers have made a close study of human nature and have classified all our little weakness.
In the China of today,Normally school education put study on the main points of education,it is not good for their students' future development.
As far as I am concerned,on the one hand,it is important for us to study from books well and achieve excellent academic scores; on the other hand,it is more important to develop other skills.One should be sociable and capable so that he can be socially useful.
In the current society,people must have an all-round ability to society.If not,students will find it difficult to find a good job.
Besides,book is not the only way to success.Sometimes, character is more important than study.
So students should develop such filial piety as honest,kind hearted and so on.
With the great character, we will accepted by resent society and quickly adapt the social, as we all know, the employment rate is going down in the domestic,school should pay more attention to develop students' character education, such as qualities of honesty and love toward parent more.
Nowadays with the development of advanced technology, more and more download websites are commonly and widely used in everyday life.
People always download articles in the website.
However, what worries most of us is the author's copyright.
For the majority of people,download articles on the website has become the focus of their lives and the source of their happiness and contentment,so it is curial to download articles in the website.Nevertheless we also should be serious with it,On the one hand,it will make our life more enjoyable, that is to say, it can add color to the dull routine of every day life.And it's accurate that file sharing is an easy way to build up our collect.
Nevertheless on the other hand,it is worth noting that the author's copyright,this means that the writers' copyright issues will be affected.At the same time,it is not clear that some author's book will not sally well if people can download them on the internet.In that download articles from the internet is extremely convenient.
In a word,It brings people a lot of convenience.I hope people can make good use of the download websites.Besides.The article first should be audit when they made on website before.And by do this,people can believe that on the internet to download articles.With them we may have less trouble dealing with problems in life and enjoy a better-off life.
The picture shows us that an old lady was sad and lonely looking at a mirror and talking to herself.
Because her kids were not at home.
In my opinion, it is the loneliest time for a person that when they become old.
As we know, they took care of us since we were babies, they accompanied us all the time, and they have been looking at us growing up.
The meanwhile, their love for us is increasing without hesitation.Their love for us become more and more and never stop.
They rely on us more and more with the time pass.But when we grow up, we have got to leave them for our future, they could do nothing to change such painful fate and just see us going away, further and further.
Their children's voice is fading and their world suddenly become quiet.
I just want to say, no matter how far you leave away, please remember to look back and take care of your parents, just as they took care of us when they were young.
Last Friday,there was an affecting thing at school.
The student who sat at the seat in front of me often lowered his head at the first English class.After the class,I asked him whether he felt awful or not.But he said that he was good.
Between the third and the fourth class,everyone besides that student was chatting and laughing.Suddenly,he fainted.
All the students were surprised.I kept calm and called 120 at once.The other students moved him upstairs carefully to help send him to the hospital in order to make him get cure in time.
Luckily,he left hospital safety at last.His parents appreciate us utterly.
As long as everyone is willing to give a helping hand,the society will be warm like spring.
Mandarin, known as the standard service sector language in China, is facing challenge as some employees of a metropolis subway company started using dialects to provide better service, which, in their mind, meet the customers' needs.
And I believe this is definitely the beginning of a nightmare.
First of all, it is the policy of this country that has been disobeyed.
Because they set a rule for the whole society to ensure that it functions well.
And breaking rules is like burying a bomb.
You never tell when it will explode.
However, when it is somehow triggered, the whole nation will end up in a mess.
Because when one breaks, others follow.
Psychology shows that everyone is born hating rules and in favor of freedom.
Human beings obey rules because we have thoughts and know that others also follow the rule.
Several days ago,a friend of mine bought some food in a market.After eating the food with his friends,he got a stomachache and was sent to the hospital as a result of food poisoning.Luckily,after treatment,he was out of danger.
This event need us think about.Food safety is more and more important nowadays.The whole society should pay more attention to food safety problems.The government need to make more strict laws in order to protect the consumes' benefit and health.At the same time we customers should choose the safe food as well.
If we all take care of the food safety,there will be less food poisoning take place and we will live a safe life.
I am very happy to announce you that our Student Union will have an English Speech Contest.This is an interesting activity.All the students in our university are invited to attend the English Speech Contest.Those who are interested this activity's information you can go to our Student Union.If you need any further information you also can call me.My phone number is 1234567.Please don't hesitate.
With the developed of the social,colleges are increasing,and the competition is too big.And compitition is also a threat.So more and more students are reserving a seat,and it's becoming a common phenomenon.
For this phenomenon,it's bring some bad influence.For exmple.This phenomenon maybe make students become unfriendly,and maybe affect other student's study.And some students only reseving a seat,but then maybe not study,so affect other student's study.It's immoral.
In my opinon,this phenomenon is not increased.We are going to classroom or library.This phenomenon is good,but University's classroom or library has not enough seat.So we are not blind to reserving a seat.We must ensure us to study in our seat.Or we maybe hurt other studens.
Everyone name very crucial because only how to know you but also has special meaning.
The one word in ancient poetry Jing yan si zhi,the explanation of character is usually quiet and inchon is mean calm down and do not show off your gift.My parents want I will become not is only able who has the personal character in the future.
I like my name very much it is to contain for parents love and make me different from everybody.
With the improvement of person's life, waste is more and more serious.
We all know the advanced technology brings us conveniences to our life.
Therefore, it also creates some problems.
Most people still have not made a good habit.
As for me, garbage classification is a necessary way.
As we know, garbage classification is very important for us.
On the one hand, if we throw the litter into trash in accordance with the classification, it can reduce their time to do anther works.
On the other hand, recyclable waste is a good way.
Some recyclable things, such as paper, glass, and so on, it can be used in carving, decorate our home, even repeated use.
We can put the waste into the useful things, and to use again.
If we do so, it can reduce pollution for our environment.
What's more, when we burning the garbage, it will produce some harmful substances, bad for us.
And it can take up a lot of land.
As a college student, we should put the garbage classification from a long-term interest.
Let's joint effort, in order to our home, learn to classify the garbage.
This is everyone's responsibility and everyone should obey the rules.
The waste sorting will be developed in the future.
My favourite at school is the classroom,because it's bright and light,there are a lot of classmate.We can not only each other help,but also learn together there improve learning level.So my favourite place at school is the classroom.
As we know,many college student have unhealthy lifestyle .
For example,they stay up late and are addicted to games.Some students waste money in unneeded things.Some never take exercise.
Those bad habits may influence college students.For example ,they may be tired in class and do not reach their goals that they have builted.What is more ,those bad habits may develop a poor body.
Therefor,we should take effective measure to solve the problem.I think our teather should aware their student form a healthy habit.As a student,we shuold take more attentions to our lifestyle and control ourselves.If we developed a healthy habit ,our college life will be more colorful.
My name is X,from 2 class four.With the improvement of our living standard, more and more people can afford a car.
As a result, our roads are more often than not crammed with cars.
However, with more and more waste gas being discharged by the cars, the problem of air pollution becomes even more serious.
So nowadays we advocate to lead a low-carbon life.
Good morning everyone.I'm of great honor to stand here and introduce myself.My name is X and you can also call me lotus if you like.I graduated from NO.20 High School and I come from a beautiful city called Z where is famous for delicous sea food.I am a warm-hearted freshman,so kind.I think that I am sure to help other people when they are in trouble.Besides,I suppose I am a person of confident and honesty.Frankly speaking,knowledge is vital and indispensable to man so that I like reading.I also like watching TV and surfing the Internet,because these can widen our horizon and relax myself.What's time,I like playing badminton.By the way,I have a big and happy family,there are my friendly parents,beautiful sister and my cute and smart brothers.
What exists in my own thoughts is such a life,it is more about long walks in the quiet green campus,it is more about feeling the wind tough my face,as I go through on my bicycle.At the same time.I'm expecting the day of striding on a way to success and carry out parents'expectation.I am proud of studying with everyone in the same class for the coming years.I am sure our common dreams will come true from now on.That's all about me.THanks.
According to the report from the Students' Union,there are some safety problems hidden in the dormitory,such as falling on the floor,climbing the bed,charging when nobody stay in the dorm.
To keep us safe,we should prevent the possible dangers.Firstly,you should keep the dormitory clean and everything in good order,and stop using dangerous electrical appliance.Secondly,you should be careful to climbthe bed when you put things.Thirdly,you should keep your money and you walk slowly after your shower.
It is known to us that,Abraham Lincolne's famous remark,give me six hours to chop down a tree,and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe,which is equal to a beard well lathered is half shaved.The remark,which consist of the essential truth that the way to success is to prepare well enough,is so excellent.
In our life,a large number of people long to be triumphant.However,most of them are just saying instead of putting their dreams into practice ,what's more ,they don't make any effort imagining that success would come to them automatically.As the saying goes,genius is 99% hardworking and1% inspiration,which tells us that success,not only intelligence included but also hard work.Besides,when you are to work hard at something,you are supposed to trace for it seriously and carefully,which will make your way to success more smoothly.Furthermore,the reason why preparation is essential is that it can save you a lot of time rather than spend time in something unimportant.
In a word, the way to success is hardworking ,inspiration as well as enough preparation.I hope everyone would do as mentioned above and then go to success smoothly.
In the cartoon,an old woman,who faced a mirror,was saying that she was lonely because no children accompanied with her.It demonstrates that nowadays,plenty of old folks are suffering the pain,which they are always alone.
It is widely thought that we should take care of our parents when they are old.Nevertheless,with the development of economy,individuals love money day by day,paying little attention to there old parents.
From my perspective,the lonely life of aged people will make them feel disappointment to life.According to a relevant study,67% old people becomes unhappy and sad.In this case,it may generate potentially bad impacts to their life.What's more,if we don't keep a line of communication to the old,not only do they feel upset,but also we make a worse gap.Lonely can directly hurt there hearts!
From what has been mention above,we can draw a conclusion that we should accompany whit our parents,creating a great relationship between us.
Thanks for your letter about the payment.
But as you know our products sell good in many Euro country, and our prices is so reasonible.
It is no pressure for you to buy our product.
One thing that it is our first business, pay by D/A is not good for our company.
Take into consideration we suggest the L/C.
It is equal for us.
Dormitory life is an indispensable part of life.When we entered the University,we already commence collective life.Because each one has various of dispositions, it is usually have disagreements in dormitory life.However, maintaining a favourable dormitory is necessary.Because in university,we will live in together for four years,roommates as if my sisters, so we are committed to maintaining a harmonious dormitory life.In order to achieve this goal, we have to get rid of their unfavorable habits.Try to be tolerant of other people 's bad habits.We should try our best to build a harmonious dormitory life.When you hate someone you will need to learn tolerance, tolerance and forgiveness will help you to solve many problems.I remember a motto,that is:To error is a human,and to forgive is a god.
Only in this way can we have a harmony life, happy to spend four years of University life.
Teachers will never be replaced by computers in the future though computers are widely used in education.
Indeed, computers become very common in our daily life.
And using computers fluently is a need what the modern society requires to us.
But teachers are still the rules in the classroom.
Moreover, computers ought to be used to colour our class rather than control our class.
Even computers are successfully applied to education, such as mathematics and languages.
Any information we need has been written in the computer programs.
The computer programs can repeat what we need patiently again and again so that we can reinforce our knowledge over and over.
However, some complex ideas are not able to be imparted by the computers, in that the computers just determine that the answer is right or wrong, instead of telling you the deep meaning.
On the contrary, the teachers play their advantages.
Teachers will not only tell us the reason, but also analyze the problem we have.
They comfort us, courage us and lead us to the right track.
In addition, the teachers always stimulate us to think actively and image creatively via various teaching means like discussion, association and imagery.
By contrast, computers seem dull and monotonous.
Taken together: although computers bring us convenience and technique, teachers possess the human caring, while computers are just cold machines which will never replace teachers.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of them think we should do like this.It can help us getting knowledge,widen our eyes.And we also are able to communicate and share with our friends.Above all,we can play games to relaxed when we feel tired.
The others are against the standpoint.
They supposed that it do harm to our eyes.And it wastes our time when we wallowed playing computer games and chatting on line.
In my opinion, we should get online appropriate as students.we can study from websites on the Internet and make our mind relaxed.In a word,we should get online if we can achieve the balance between study and getting online better.
Nowadays,with the development of technology,cellphones become more and more popular.Amlost every student takes mobilephone into class,as the picture showed,which disturbing other students deeply.
From the pciture we can see,the girl was making a phone call in class,in spite of the teacher are looking at her angrily.She even thinks that the teacher was disturbing her.
So as far as I'm concerned,cellphone should be banned in class.
My reasons are as follows.
First,many students prefer to play phones rather than listen to class.As a result of it,they can't accept the scholar deeply and waste much time.
Sceond,with the ring of cellphones, class rule is broken.The student who intends to listen to teacher carefully was disturbed.
What's more,using cellphone in class also is disregard to teachers.Teachers try their best to teach us but can't get respect.There is no doubt that teacher may be bitterly disappointed when we all using phones in his class.
On a word,in order to show our respect to teachers and don't waste time,cellphone should be forbidden in class.
Thank you for sending me an email.I often get up at six o'clock.I usually don't have breakfast and leave home at six twenty.I always go to school by bus too and the journey takes about 20 minutes too.
There was no physics on Monday,but I don't hate it.I don't like English,because it is difficult for me.I like sports because it can keep me healthy.
After school,I often need to wait for the bus,because it has not come.During this time,I will talk to my classmates.I need to write my homework at home because it is too much.
I don't have any after-school activities.
When I listened to the panda become more and more less, I were so heartache.Also,making me think our environment that is ill. As far as I'm concerned,I'm a part of the earth.Panda is death also stand for human is death.Maybe our environment become more an more bad In that I've been conservating her .We breaked the aerosphare.water.living environment and so on.
As for me,wo will introspect what we didi.I'll help my living environment,panda and mine.There is a day I want to that I can wash in every river,look the panda every where.Infact,we face a very bad thing that is we thinking,we have a so headstrong mind,we has got into the habit to break our earth,but i think we will break out the habit ,if we have really love our mother.
I often imagine what my life will be in the future.
I think my life will be very different in ten years.
I will be 27 years old by then.
I will have my own family with a lovely child.
I will work in a company.
And I will do a good job in whatever I do.
In my free time, I will continue to take exercise.
I will study something pretty hard.
On holidays, I will travel around the world with my family.
In a ward, my life will be much richer and more colourful.
My most favorite TV program is Day day up.That is a variety of a show.It is a supernatural show.Because it makes people feel happiness.
The program provides us with knowledge in natural and scientific aspects.I like the program very much,because I can know a lot about our life from it.
Maybe I prefer the beautiful girl.
The program has five toastmasters and everyone is very cool.
Every Saturday it was Played.And have many I like star they come the scene such as SHE.
On television I can watch star like in normal time.Pass through the program.
I can see stars talk about some they at ordinary times think funny things and we can by the program knowing we to love the star know what they recently happened.
Day day up have a specialty that is to have many interesting games for example who is undercover.As far as I can see the game not only make us feel happy but also can have physical training thought.
In words.
Day day is a good program in my eyes.
It is an interesting as well as instructive program.
Besides, the pictures are very vivid and beautiful.
It' s really a great joy to watch it.
Ifyou don't believe what I said, just watch it by yourself.
And then you will know I am right.
Diogenes, like a lunatic, he doesn't care about what his life is , doesn't care about the things he had owed, he just follows the way he always intends to be , his spirit is independent, and his soul is free, also, he doesn't care about what others think about him .
He has his own dream, he just wants to put their own scholarship to the people who really want to acquire knowledge, he is a free man, he doesn't want to go flatter others, don't care about the prestige and wealth, it used to be easy to content him, so he is happy.
Alexander was far older and wiser than his years, his fiery glance, and his air of destiny, making people all rise in respect .
Nevertheless, Diogenes doesn't give him an acclamation.
Both of them are free and they all admire the heroic figure of Hercules, who labored to help mankind while all others toiled and sweated only for themselves.
The background and attitude of life are extremely different, but they all have their goals and pursue.
Moreover, what acts upon their life is their attitude .
With the progress of science and technology, the development of human society has constantly.
And the development of the society depends on a variety of great inventions, it is these inventions greatly promoted the development of the society, especially after the industrial revolution.
In the midst of the great invention, I think the greatest invention is the engine.
It is because of the human back to speed the development of the industry.
It is due to the engine, human industry to speed the development of the back, the plane back to appear car items.
Although the invention of the engine seems to be a little, it played a large role on the development of human society.
So it seems a very tiny invention, but it might change the world.
My hero is Liu Wei and he is an armless piano player.
He doesn't have arms,he lost his arm at the age of ten, but he never gave up become a piano player dream.
He learnt from to make food to play the piano I think he has a very special because he is not from other people.
He is simply the best.
After he went to China's Got Talent make a dream,got some people's see.
Actually,when one person no good,he always gives up.
I talk away him things with my friend.
If I can encourage just one person,then my job in this life is done.
Nowadays,the computer was very popular with every one.
And there are so many people will shopping online.And there are enjou in the online shopping.
now, let us talk about my first shopping online.It is my first year in the c ollege.And i can not get use the computer very well.so ,i have to fall back to my roommate .so that i can pay the money successful.through the first shopping online.I know something more about it.
now, let me share it with you.
something more on the nerwork too many things to see, so we as consumers must have a pair of eyes.Only in this wey can we prevent not cheated to buy to our beloved inexpensive nor cheated to buy to our beloved inecpensive items.
online shopping change our life style.but we should save our money,can not waste it.and I belive that online shopping will get more and more favour.
There's no doubt that phones do us a large amount of good.With them,connecting with families and freind become much earier.It is phones which show the vivid world to us,spreading the happiness.
But there are some arguements which bring questions to the attention of us.In the class shine the phones,we may think they can influence others.Chatting as well as texting is a waste of money and time.Parents always worry that we may be absorbed in the function of entertainment.And the most important is that cheating in the examination is extremely bad for us.
In my view,we shouldn't use the phone in class.We should ban the behavious which include playing and cheating as well.Because of the high price of the smart phone,we must take good care of it.In a nutshell,it's a question about controlling.
As far as I am concerned,the number of students who are with phones isn't small.But actually,whether you bring a phone or not,having a meaningful school time is the thing that really makes sense.No matter how smart your phone is,your should lead yourself a smart life.
Wang Tao.
Recently many students are arguing about the question that which is more essential between mark and ability .
Some of them approve of the opinion that the mark is more necessary while the others are taking for ability.
Their opinions are as follows.
The students who sustain the mark think that now we are students,it is the responsibility for students to study.
However, the mark is the obvious standard of balancing students good or bad.
Moreover, if you are eager to leave a good impression on teachers and students,the good mark is essential.
We can improve our ability after graduating from university.
In addition, if your purpose is to become a professor in an area, you have to take necessary examinations that evaluate your level.
Based on the above perspectives, they are in favor of the mark is more crucial.
On the other around,as far as they concerned, those who obsess the importance of ability because that although we are college students , that is to say , we have stepped into the half of society.
We had better know the society is cruel, the competitions amid people is becoming fiercer and fiercer .
What is more , entering the university ,we have more independent time to take advantage of .We should spare no effort to improving our ability.
So the ability is can not be ignored for college students.
From my perspective, nowadays the comprehensive and high qualified person is badly necessary .
So we can not ignore the importance of mark while we pay attention to ability.We must make the most of our time in college so that we can contribute to society better.
Along with the rapid growth of living standards,money has become increasingly essential.Currently,money also has become a hot topic among people,especially among the young and heated debates are right on their way.
At present, a lot of people appeared the pursuit of materialism in the society,just like GuoMeimei,MaNuo and so on.People's opinions about this vary from person to person.someone suppose money makes the mare go,and nothing is money out of the question.Only when you have money can do whatever you intend.And some consider that money is not everything only youth and happiness is priceless,and money doesn't mean that value of life.The rest of person insisted that money isn't everything,but not money,everything is nothing.
As far as l am concerned,l correspond with the last opinion to some extent.I come to believe money is extremely important to maintain fundamental life.Finally,l just want to say,on view of money have no right or wrong.Remmbering we can't in order to earn more money,lost due simple happiness.Particularly,some parents because work busy rarely have time to accompany their children,even have a dinner together.That's all my understanding,how about you?
Maybe it is a mass of money supporting you live a happy life, a gorgeous house that you can enjoy, even a beauty appearance making you like a superstar.
There is a truth that compared to a free soul, substance is worthless.
It is a general phenomenon that the public always consider that sage must be handsome that looks like lawyer or doctor.
However, Haven did not require the cheesy look when he gave licence to the sage.
They could fly their idea to the sky, regard themselves as a tree even any animal and live the same life when their soul is without constraint.
They do not care about what others say and absorb in their happiness.
No matter how noisy and complicated, they are still in their own world.
Even though their life and appearance like animals or beggars, they never feel sad because the free soul satisfies them mind disliking ordinary people who chase money, reputation and power.
For instance, a famous physicist named Einstein who seemed to be abandoned by the world, yet made great contributions to the public in return.
As far as I am concerned, the reason why a free soul is essential for sage is that it gives liberty to their heart.
A long shot leaps into my mind that if everyone is sage, the world will be wonderful as well mental.
In my life, there are some unforgettable experiences.
After undergoing some setbacks, We can eventually grow up.
Among my experiences, including joy and tears, The experience will never forget was taking part in upgrade from junior college student to a university student.
That year, I am recalling now.
I feel happy.
Fighting makes me grow-up.
I appreciated that success was extremely difficult.
I must study hard, Everyday I go to class.
Have a meal.Study.Sleep.
I repeated this life.
In classroom, If we fail, we will encourage each other.
It is a transition in my life.
We felt more cherish the opportunity.
On the help of my teachers, I was improving my academic record, When I got excellent results.
My teachers felt happy.
When I began to lose faith in myself.
My teachers encouraged me.
My teachers regard me as his daughter.
In college, I met this good teacher that is my good luck.
Everybody wants to gain success.
Nevegthless,Success is not easy,If you are success,Others think that you made great efforts.
If you fail, Others think that you don not study hard.
To my heart's dream, I try my best do it.
I write my ideal school on the bedside, I felt weary and wanted to give it up, My heart seems to abound in hope as long as I see it.
This year, I change myself to my dream, I think that my life have own direction, I race time.
I never felt confuse, When I went into the examination room, I believe in myself to pass it.
Finally, I made a great success.
There is always debating on the topic:Whether we should treasure the classics and live according to them or we should venture into the unknown and create the future of ourselves.
I don't think that the two aspects(treasure the classics and create the future)are contradictory.For me,they can exist together because what we do today will certainly be the history of the future,even be the classics.However, I do think that advancing towards the future is more important and valuable.It's sensible to learn from the classics and advance towards the future.
Firstly,as we all know that the classics represent the wisdom of the past,so there is a great deal of experience of our ancestors that we can learn.The classics is a priceless treasure,we ought to value it and study it.Secondly,we live in an era of exploration and innovation,so it's our responsibility to venture into the unknown.It's evident that the era is progressing constantly.If we kept staying at the same stage and never went ahead,the civilization of human would disappear one day beyond doubt.Finally,there is an old saying in China,Reviewing the history is good for exploring the future.I can't agree on it anymore.If we can absorb the wisdom and the experience that our ancestor left in the classics,there is no doubt that we will avoid many mistakes and setbacks.In this way,I have confidence that the human will have a brilliant and glorious future.
As far as I am concerned,there is still much to know and to explore.It's wise to learn from the classics and apply it to practice,which is beneficial to advance towards the future.
In recent years,housing in cities is getting more and more nervous.
With the development of city,an increasing number of countryman leave the countryside.Because they want to make more many,make their life rich and the most important is making their children don't live as them.There is another reason why cities housing more and more nervous that many college graduates stay in the city to do pioneering work.
As far as I'm concerned,more and more people stay in the city is unfavorable for agricultural development.What's more,those stay-at-home children have little love of parents.In my opinion,our government should focus on agricultural development and take effective measures to improve countryman's income.
Nowadays,most of us,as students,are careful with our money in daily life:we collect all kinds of coupons;we look for group-buydeals if we eat out or travel;we don't buy clothes unless in a sale.And,I think,it's a smart way tosave money,we should consume money by these new ways.
First,price by new ways are definitely cheaper than many things' normal price,it does save us money in a way.Second,as a pure consumer,we are supposed to try our best to reduce our expenses to relieve our own parents's burdon.Finally,these ways are beneficial to us to build a saving consciousness in the future.
In brief,I think that we can buy many things through some new ways,because it's quite good for us.
In order to ban cigarettes, the Chinese government decided to stick signs of "No Cigarettes" in all indoor public areas throughout the whole country from November 1st, 2011.
According to the informations, There are 3.5 billion people who have the habit of smoking and near 5.4 billion people affected by second-hand smoke in China.
More than 10 million people are died because of second-hand smoke each year.
According to the report, There are 75% of the smokers are males and 25% of the smokers are females.
large amount of people prefer going shopping online.
say it is right or wrong.we can not make a conclusion yet.
people could buy goods with a nice price by online shopping.However which could not get in a real shop.
Base on its convenience easily comfort and have a bargain,online shopping is popular with lots of people.However,shopping online can not replace everything.
In reality,we can not live without real buy and sell by face to face.We can touch the real goods in buying things .Reality buying has its advantage .
two ways both have advantage and disadvantage .Every coin has two sides .
our life .As for me l will use online shopping ,but l will not let onilne shopping replace the traditional way.
Nowadays the flooding of fake diplomas is becoming more and more of a problem in our society.
It is reported that fake diplomas are very common in the job market.
In addition, there are a variety of fake diplomas or certificates.
It is very clearly seen that fake diplomas are bringing great damage in many aspects.
Above all, employers may recruit employees who are not qualified for a certain post, causing a great loss to their companies.
Furthermore, it's unfair that one fails to get his job just because his rival has a fake diploma or certificate.
Therefore, it is high time that we took effective measures to stop fake diplomas from spreading.
First of all, companies and universities should have a close contact so that the fake diplomas cannot play tricks.
Moreover, the one who fabricates the fake diplomas should be severely punished by laws and totally exposed through media.
Besides, companies should keep detailed information of the diploma holders and the diplomas should be issued with fake-proof mark.
Only through these ways can this problem be tackled.
My favourite place is the reading room.
because it's very big and very bright There are also a lot of useful books newspapers and magazines there I like reading books and magazines there not only provide me with useful knowldge they can help me learn sometimes I even feel I can have a talk with the people in the books I can also relax myself in the reading room when i feel tired and unhappy the reading room is the best place to go in a world reading room is the place I like best.
Television advertisements can improve the popularity of products efficiently than other medium.
Television is the perfect invention in 20 centuries.
In recent years, people are busying with their jobs, they have no time to read books, newspapers, magazines or listen to videos.
But people who do not watch TV in their spare time are intensely rarely.
It's said that television integrates with words, sounds, colors and images.
Television has played an extremely important role in individuals' daily lives.
So an increasing number of advertisements are emerging from TV.
As the saying goes true thing should be based on what we see rather than what we hear.
TV advertisements combine with vision and audition.
Currently, many businesses chose TV advertisements to broadcast their new products.
This also intensifies the competitions among the companies.
In this thesis I will research the advantages of TV advertisement and how the TV advertisements affect the human memories to increase the popularity of the products.
Businesses can through many medium to make advertisements to broadcast their goods such as newspapers, magazines, videos, televisions and so on.
But many companies chose television advertisements.
Here are some reasons.
A newspaper advertisement has a short life span which will reduce the effect of publicity.
And it can not express the advertisements picturesquely.
Magazine advertisement also has short lifetime.
In addition, magazine has limited layout which will restrict the flexibility of advertisements.
Video advertisement only have sounds, it is not interesting and people can not pay attention to it so that people can not remember it for a long time.
Compared with above the advertising medium, television has many advantages and special glamour than other medium.
First of all, TV advertisements have many divertingness.
A lot of TV ads use imaginative animation and peculiar dubbing effect to attract audiences.
For instance, the TV ads of Shanghai a "White Cat" washing-up liquid used the vivid picture, active jumping and lovely Guangdong tune.
This method makes the advertisement full with creative.
And audience fell unforgettable.
Through the TV advertisement which increases the sales volume of "White Cat" washing-up liquid.
From 1979 to 1983 the production per year is increasing from 200 tons to more than 4000 tons.
Not only did it sale in China, but also export to many countries.
So it make "White Cat" became very popular at that time.
Secondly, TV advertisements can be intuitive.
TV ads combine with vision and audition to reveal the goods more intuitive.
Many consumers can know the new products from TV ads so that it will reduce the time of choosing goods for people and force them to buy.
Due to the competition of TV ads, business should design the TV ads more intuitive which can attract consumers to increase the popularity of the products.
Last but not least, TV advertisements have a universality.
It can play a huge promotion effect.
Especially television plays an extremely important role in our daily lives.
TV ads' design often associates with families to affect audiences.
For example, Hayao company's public service advertising "wash feet" is full with love, filial piety, which reflected the traditional virtues of Chinese nation.
So this advertisement was received much recognition of audiences.
Chinese people pay high attention to their families which will bring a higher development for TV ads.
What's more, spring festival is a very important festival in China.
It is a tradition that many families will watch spring festival gala after dinner together.
So a large number of business will spend much money in running advertising in this program so that many audiences will watch the advertisements at the mean time.
It is also a good way to improve the popularity of the products.
Usually the length of TV ads contains 5 seconds, 10 seconds, 15 seconds, 20 seconds, etc which is a multiple of 5 seconds.
But from psychology, new research suggests that 7.5 seconds advertising is a very ideal duration.
[1] In October 2002, the related researchers of China Central Television advertising department and psychology institute of Beijing normal university research the cognitive mechanism of advertising.
The study found that in the shortest possible time to achieve the best effect of advertising, the perfect advertising time should be generally in seven or eight seconds.
From the perspective of cognitive psychology, television advertising is designed to make the audience know the new products and remember it in a short time.
(TV Advertising Marketing, Shexianjun, 62) So TV ads does not require comprehensive, but must have the outstanding and clear theme which can be extracted from memory search when people need it and improve the popularity of goods.
In reality, TV advertising effectiveness mainly depends on whether advertising duration can conform to the people's cognitive laws.
Comparing with 7.5 seconds advertising and 5 seconds advertising they have quite different quality in cognitive.
5 seconds ads are more easily in a stable long-term memory than 5 seconds advertising.
The study showed that: memory project will quickly forget after memorizing.
In order to let the memory project more likely to change from short-term memory to long-term memory, it is wise to make project in memory keep 7-8 seconds.
[2] The cognitive neuroscience latest study provides further evidence.
The research shows that when cognition occurs, cerebral blood oxygen signal will slowly rise and reach a top at seven or eight seconds, then will continue to drop, and finally restore to its original level.
This means that the efficient period to memorize is 7-8 seconds after event occurs.
( (TV Advertising Marketing, Shexianjun, 63) Consequently, business had better to make TV ads between 7 seconds and 8 seconds.
It is beneficial for people to remember so that it can improve the popularity of goods efficiently.
According to the research, television has many advantages which is a better useful media then other medium.
Business can use TV which can control advertising time between 7 seconds and 8 seconds to broadcast their products in order to let audience remember easily and improve the popularity of products efficiently.
In contemporary society,with the development of educational conception,there has long been a phenomenon that students are encouraged to criticize the their teachers,which arises the opposing voice in the whole community.
However,from my perspective,it is reasonable for students to make comments to their teachers.It should be acknowledged that only by receiving the feedback form their students could teachers make progress in their teaching,which,on the other hand reflects on the students' level of learning.Besides,another point is that the critic about teachers helps to create the harmonious atmosphere on campus.Students are able to make comments,which provides them with an appropriate approach to release their unsatisfaction and offers chances about communication between students and teachers.Although someone argues that it would cause the disorder in school,a set of standard and system could built up to regulate the criticizing system under the surveillance in light of the concerns above.Meanwhile,once the communication between students and teachers increases by this method,there will be less disorders and chaos mainly because there are many considerable ways for students to submit their proposals to solve their problems about teaching.
To sum up,making comments on teachers is imperative for the better-improvement of both students and teachers.
Though the economic develops faster and faster,the construction is better and better in the society of today,the good moral character of honesty is essential with no doubt for which is the infrastructure for being a person,especially for a respected one.
In my opinion,it's necessary to be an honest person.One can be poor in the material and income,while whose morality and Mentality can't,which not only decides to the future of oneself but also reflects the quality of whose parents,what's more,it will influence the family education of whose children.
If you ask me what is the most vital that we supposed to do for the moment, I will say that it is just to do it without any hesitation even a second,although the necessity and importance of starting from children and giving full play to the power of the parents' Role Models which we need to realize is also significant very much.I don't think that the level of consciousness is more important than the concreted behaviour.It's obvious that many persons just rhetorical flourishes but no tangible signs.
The world is ours,the future is ours,and so is the responsibility to be honest.Let's do it from details instead of just speak well.
Nowadays, there is often a lack of understanding between parents and children.
Children always complain that their parents are out of date, while parents can't approve of what their children say and do.Now, I will say about me and my parents' things.
I want to be free to choose my own friends, select my own classes in school, plan my own future, earn and spend my own money, and generally run my own life in a more independent way than many parents allow.
Also, I wish to be understood by my parents, but parents don't quite understand me.
In the easily changing society, parents often expect their children to do better than they did: to find better jobs, to make more money; and to do all the things that they were unable to do.
Often, however, the strong desire that parents have for their children are another cause of the disagreement between them.
In my opinion, parents should communicate with their children as much as possible.
because we far away from our family and friends, many unexpected things has occurred during my life .
myself.
each areas about English study.
tutor in my spare time, these experiences will help me a lot.
In my own aspect, the relationship with my parents makes a huge change.
everything I was depended on them.
time I spend with them when I was at home, also I will help my mom with the housework.
learn to be independent and manage my own affairs.
become more maturely than before, my parents are so happy to see me like this.
my future more brighter.
Nowadays, it becomes more and more important and essential for students in school to get to know the world outside the campus.
As for college students, we do not have too much experience in society, once we get into the society; we may find it hard to adjust to it and will lose heart in it.
Therefore you see many terrible things will follow which will cause too many things frustrated.
So, there are many ways for students to get to know the world outside of campus.
The most common way is from media.
We have got many tools to know the world out of campus, such as telephone, radio, newspapers, books, and also computers.
We can not think what will happen without them.
And the other good and common way is taking social activities to gain more experience.
Here, I would like to introduce some specific ways on how to do it.
First, we should keep eyes on the news outside by reading newspapers or surfing the Internet, therefore little by little we can get to know more and more things.
Second we can find a part time job when on weekends and holidays, it is really a good way to get to know the world out of campus.
First he or she should of coures be rich in knowledge.Next,a good teacher should be humorous so that the students will be interested in the lessons.
Thirdly,he or she should be modest,and never try to pretend to know almost everything,which is funny.
I also think a good teacher should be patient and give students a chance to correct their mistakes.He or she should always try to be a real friend to the students.
Books are friends of human beings.
Different eras can let us understand the world, learn anything.
Books make us understand the local conditions and customs all over the world.
We through books to learn the history of the world.
Of course, the book can also let us see the elite from all walks of life the good thought, this is we can't use eyes to see.
Reading books can make a person calm, patience, smart, a sense of humor, more mature, and so on.
Every book wants to express thoughts and literary value, it's also one of the other things can't replace.
Now, as the electronic science and technology developed, reading becomes simple and convenient, whether the development is good or bad, we all should not abandon the book itself.
We need books, this is our culture and wisdom crystallization.
English is spoken to practice more.
Give yourself believe oneself, be confident.
The words to the bold statement read out, don't be afraid to read wrong.
firstly,persistence is of utmost impotance.whatever obstacles you confront,you have to move forward instead of going into frustration .
also,vocabulary is the fundation of all your learning.it's function is the same as the chinese character in our language.given you don't understand meaning of every single word,how can you comprehend the whole article?the last but not least,read ,write and speak english as much an possible.
Welcome to X university!I'm so happy to see you here.As the fourth grade student of university,I'm going to enter the work word.Before that,i want to tell you something and give you some suggestions,and i hope it can help you.
I want to use three words to describe the college life:happy,quick and important.I think if you want to have a happy and meaningful college life,you need to be careful those things.
Firstly,you should make yourself adapt the new environment as soon as possible because this may influence your attitude on college life.You may have a unfavorable life if you don't do it well.Secondly,you should change the way to learn because college is freedom and there aren't teachers to supervise you,and the most important is that you need to learn well about your major,which is a good way to help you get a good work easily.Thirdly,you'd better grasp ever opportunity to develop yourself.You should take paty in more activities which are related to your major because it may change your life forever.Fourth,it is the most important that having a plan for your college life and deciding what the job you want to have after graduation,which can help you make your college life meaningful.Besides,if you have goal,you should stick to keep it in your mind and try your best to make it come true.Finally,if you have time,you can read more books because reading can help you know more,broaden your vision and make most of the time.
May all of you have a different college life.
During the past few years, the car accidents of China has killed millions of innocent people.
There are three general causes which can raise the possibility of to needless slaughter on streets and highways.
First of all, the mechanical failures, especially those related to faulty brakes and tyres of poor quality, account for a significant number of fatal accidents.
Also, environmental conditions such as blind corners, narrow streets, heavy fog, intermittent rain or snow resulting in slippery roads contribute to the grisly accident statistics.
On top of that, the most common factors in car accidents according to reports are errors of human judgment-all the way from such follies as excessive speed and drunken driving to such momentary lapses as failure to signal a turn or a change from one lane to another.
In most accidents it's the driver himself that was to blame for.
Many universities request the student to carry on the appraisal to teacher, because students are the direct targets of the work of teachers, the daily education of teachers feel the deepest, the work of teachers by students to make judgments with greater authenticity.
This evaluation can be conducted using a variety of ways, such as observation of the acceptance of students to teachers through daily communication, discussion about student evaluation of classroom teachers, but also through a questionnaire survey to understand.
To involve students in the evaluation of teachers, theoretically it is good, but it is not as good as people imagine, there are a number of drawbacks.
A relatively large number of students are tired of learning approach, teachers want to let them finish their studies, students will inevitably cause teachers not the taste away from the heart, between teachers and students, the students of teachers do not have a good impression.
Moreover, let them evaluate teachers, with a high degree of subjectivity, and a number of dedicated educational cause, it is easy to get the teachers do not contribute to curry favor with the conclusions.
student evaluation is not something that cannot be used for teachers, but rather should be used very carefully.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.did this could rewrite my text?
if it could do it well,it awesome.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.did this could rewrite my text?
if it could do it well,it awesome.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.did this could rewrite my text?
if it could do it well,it awesome.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.did this could rewrite my text?
if it could do it well,it awesome.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.did this could rewrite my text?
if it could do it well,it awesome.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
As we known,the first and biggest problem is,of course,the increase of population.We can feel it when we are in crowded subways and buses.The second one is that resourses are going to run out because we have used those too much.Next, the forests get smaller and smaller.Recently,the lack of water and the pollution of the air are being recognized by people.
To solve these problems,I did some research.And here are my suggestions.
We shouldn't waste water even just a bit and we should use two sides of a piece of paper.Why not ride to school instead of taking a taxi,it is good to your healthy,too!
Anyway,we should try our best too protect the invironment.I am sure we will have a nice future.
My name is X, a Chinese boy of 15.
I am in Y Middle School.
There I have 8 classes from Monday and Friday.
There are Chinese, math, English, physics, biology and so on.
I often do lots things after school, like having sports, reading good books and playing computer games.
I like reading books and watching films, when I don't have to do something.
I want to make many friends in this website, because they are able to help me with many ways.
They can also share my happiness and sadness.
Friends can help you survive, can help you to point out your error.
I hope I can find some friends who share the interest together.
When I was yang my dream is become a university man.So when I am very excited when I am admitted to university.
And I also have many hopes about university.
At this 4years I want to be a great man.
I hope I could pass CET-4 and CET-6 as soon as possible.
Meanwhile keep clam and carry on.I also wish I can do well in my major.
And I wish I could make friends with many people , at the same time I want to gain a piece of love.
But I fear the future at the same time.
I am afraid that I could not have a good communication with classmates or other people, which will hinder my study and entertainment .So I hope I can chang this by taking part in some activities.
In a word, I wish my university is enjoyable and unforgettable, at the same time I could overcome difficulties what I meet and become more powerful.
From the picture,we can be easy to get some information.For example ,people who have doctored degree lost job is easy than people who the high scool diploma .
It is a usual fact aroung the word today.So I don't know why it is ,but now I know the reasons .And I think it is sbout two sides .Following is my reasons.
First ,if a people who have the doctored degree ,he won't to do something like dirty work ,tired work ,dangerous work and so on .So the boss doesn't think they can be useful .
Second, if a boss want to employ them ,but thire salary is too high.It makes many bosses give up to use them .
After all,if we will change this fact ,we should make the people who have the dontoral degree knows fact first .It is important.
In the rapid development of society, our life becomes more and more convenient by more and more great technology while so much waste was produced.
So it is very important to classify the waste for us.
In my point of view, waste sorting is a must and useful thing.
First, it can protect our environment.
As we all know, not like the paper, plastics can not disintegrate.
If we throw it anywhere, it will always there.
It is a terrible thing for our earth.
But most people have not formed the problem now.
They always throw all of rubbish into a place.
Plastics, paper, glass and so on.
Without thinking whether they are recyclable or not.
On the one hand, 'waste is just the misplaced resources'.
What mean that waste sorting can save energy.
For example, we can collect the plastic battle and sell it to junkies, and throw the used batteries into the correct dustbin.
It can save so much money for government.
And the cleaner will do a lot of work.
In conclusion, there is no doubt that we must do something to protect the earth immediately.
Of course know the importance of waste sorting.
We can do it now.
If we do that, I believe the world we live will be better and better.
A quarrel occurred in my family this morning.I heard my favorite music on the radio and followed the rhythm sang it loudy.My mother shouted me suddenly,she was asked me to turn the music off.She thought that music is unusual and my voice was so crazy, I told my mother it is popular music that every youth like it verymuch.However,my mother didn't think that good for children,she let me listened some normal music like classical music but I didn't interested it at all.I have to say it is difficult to communicate of two different worlds and generation gap is very common at present.
I believe that most of you would say yes.
And we know a beautiful world is based on a favorable environment.
But the environment is getting worse and worse, low-carbon lifestyle has become the focus of the society in view of this problem.
Low-carbon lifestyle is playing a vital role in saving resources and environment protection.
As a resident on the earth, it is everyone's obligation to build such a lifestyle.
For example, only when it is very necessary, can we use the air-conditioners, and this may help reduce the temperature of the atmosphere.
Meanwhile, we ought to use public transport more rather than our own cars.
It would be better if we just walk.
What's more, we can grow more plants which can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen.
In conclusion, protecting the environment means protecting ourselves.
It would never be late to start with low-carbon lifestyle.
What is your ider of perfect happiness?Many people sad"Family is best happiness".But Ithink have a good fiend is so good.
I have a good friend,he is a good boy.He is my classmate.He like hely many people.So,many people like he.
Once,I have a fever.He very care of to me.I very tink to him.
Before the summer vocation,my classmates discussed what they tend to do this vocation.Some students said they want to have a travel,others want to find a part-time job.I choice the last one,because of I not only could make money for my next semester,but also could take in some experience.
This summer vocation my experience was wealthy,but not colourful.Left the collage,just together with my friends went to Nan Jing.We hope that we could find a good job,but we stay here 3 days still could not find a job,so I decided to went to Hang Zhou a city where my uncle at there.
My first job in a plastic factory,1800 yuan a month.though the salary is not high,I realized that this year found a job is not easy,so I decided to work here.After I at here 25 days later,the boss found I was a student and my salary was dropde to 1550 a month.I was angry and called 88001818 asked for help,but it have no effection.So I went to a factory which produce surge,the leader and many workers were christian,they were warm-heart and I made many friends at here.
The life of my summer vocation was tired and hard,meanwhile,I realized it was not easy for my parent to earn money,went back collage,I decided to study hard to change my life.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.I think my life will be very different in ten years.
I will be twenty-six years old by then.Iwill have my own family.I can get along with my family.
I hope Iwill work as a good artist.
Because I like that.
In the free time,I will continue to take exercise,I want to have a healthy body.And on holiday,I will travel around in the world.
I hope so.My life will be more and more colorful.
students' Rating of Their Teachers.Many schools asked students for rating their teachers,thinking this ways can help them take stock teachers.To this people's attitudes differ sharply.Some hold positive view.They say that teachers is closed with students.They know teachers more.
Many orthers,however,hold the opposite view.They claim that many students are dissatisfacted for teachers.Especially study not good students.They can rate of Their Teachers some wrong judgment.
As far as I am concerned,I disagree with it.
Because it can not justice for teachers.
Many students aren't seriously.
Nowadays,it is a common phenomenon that we only recite meaning,but we do not recite spelling.Maybe we all ignore it,but it is the time that we paid attention to it.
Firstly,reason why we ignore spelling is because we use our ways to learn English,which is the most important thing.Secondly,we always select easy things to avoid difficult things.Tirdly,we used to learn chinese.We are not used to understand English.
As far as I am concerned that we can do two points.On the one hand,we are supposed to chang our attitude to study English.On the other hand,we should basis phantasmal.
Nowadays,love on campus is found everywhere.Wherever you go,you will see couples of sweethearts strolling past holding hands and sharing their secret happily.It seems to be a tendency on campus.So,it comes to the phenomenon about the shadow of romance seeking.People hold on various attitudes towards it.
In my opinion,I think that college students should be in pursue of campus romance,but chasing campus romance should be noticed in the process.My reasons are as follows,first,in a sincere and romantic love in the university can enrich your university life,it will be a wonderful memory of your life;second,the process of falling in love,you will learn how to love aperson,how to get along with someone,it will also be on your future family life have a great help.However,some students pursue romantic leading to show loving regardless of the occasion and abandoned their studies.
As far as I am concern,I suggest that we should spare some time in the process of learning to enjoy love and romance,this university life is meaningful.
There are many theoretical corses in the universities.
Students are exposed to theoretical courses to expanse their basic knowledge, undoubtedly, they need the practical courses to make the knowledge useful and the theory more accurate, so universities should give priority to practical courses for students.
This Labor Day, there are a lot of friends embarked on a journey.
But I do not go to travel.
I am very lazy.
So I don't like traveling all over the world.
The core reason that I do not have a clever man realizes me and togethers with me to travel all around.
The important thing is going to see a film during this time.
So let me introduce the film.
The story is about love.
The film calls My old desk mate.
The true love can not be over reality.
In a word, my holiday is so terrible and dark.
Nevertheless I take in a lot from the film.
From my point of view, the most precious friendship between friends is helping each other, don't care about interests.
Nonetheless this friendship is very rare cases to some, if you had one, it will be for a lifetime.
I don't think so.
Virtuous friends are free from the greed, lust, reputation and violence; and so making friends with them would have the benefit affects, just can make ourselves more noble quality and become more pure.
These friends are frequently have the courage of their convictions.
It happened a thing in the primary school when I 'm a boy.
One day, a friend and I went on the way home, suddenly found a wallet which someone may lose.Nobody go back to look for this wallet when we waited for a while.
Probably because of the curiosity, my classmates and I opened the wallet; we found it had some money.
At this time, my classmate says we could take this money to buy something.
I didn't think too much, also promised to him.
We bought some snacks and then we returned to our homes.
Return to home, at dinner, I talked with my mother about this money which was picked up accidentally.
My mother is very curious, and she asked me where the money is going.
I say that my student and I pick up the money to buy things.
My mother is very angry when she heard the story.
For she said, we should give money which belongs to the someone who lose it.
We also need to tell our good friends don't do that.
This is the true friendship.
As the saying goes, to perceive a friend is to perceive oneself; and to know a friend is to known oneself.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.Thus there are some advice for you.
Now let me talk to the most serious problems to you.
First,the population rises so rapidly that bring too much pressure on the earth.There are more than 1.4 billion.Second,a large number of woods and other plants were replaced by all kinds of accommodation facilities or scenic spots.Third,water shortage is a grave problem.With the development of agriculture and industry,an increasing amount of water is needed.What's more pollution and waste of fresh water aggravate the situation.Forth,the burning produces wastes,some of which remain in the air,casing air pollution.
We must try our best to improve environment.It's a good way to take bus or subway to work.
It's of great importance to plant trees.
I hope that all these measures will be effective and bring back a healthful environment.
My mother is 43 years old and she is no different from ordinary people.
About my mum I summed up the following points .
In terms of personality :She is so kind and honest that is very popular .
In work :My mother is very careful , she doesn't allow any mistake, so that some workers are a bit afraid of her, but in private , she is courteous and accessible.
Finally :like all mothers, she is responsible and devotes most of her efforts to our family .
These years I found that wrinkles on the corner of her eyes.
I feel sorry to her, I decide to admitted to the University to repayher.
I love my mother very much.
Over recent years, so many disasters occured that we can't deny that we are in danger.Unless we take actions now away,what had happened to dinasours will reappear on humanbeings.
In 2008,the wen chuan earthquake shaked the Chnia.In 2010,over 290 thousand people died from various natural disasters.In 2011,all people were shocked at the leakage of fudao nuclear power station.Our life was badly effected.Some lost their home;Some were in sorrow at the death of relatives;Some even lost their lives.
Is the earth?No,I don't think so.I think it is the human-beings but the earth that is The Real Culprit.If we don't deforest ecessively,we would not suffer from sandstorm;If we don't release abundant greenhouse gases at will,the sea level would not rise so quickly;If we don't catch and kill animals randomly,a large number of species would not disappear.It is the high time we take measures to protect our mother,the earth.If we still do nothing,the day we human-beings die out will not be far!
Different people have different opinions.Some people believe that you can invent new things.But other people take an opposite side.They firmly believe that you can make history.As for me, everyone can be greatness.Only you can be good for everything,and you can be improving every day.You can be great.
Fist of all you can think the greatness is too smart.Today,researchers have evidence that an intrinsic passion for one's work is a key to rising above.People said ''interest is good teacher''.
When you love your work,you couldn't stop thinking about this stuff.When you face with the trouble, you can overcome the problems.
More importantly,I have a schoolmate ask for me that why are the greatness so great.I replied her that the greatness is small number.They can give us strength,and never surrender.
In summary, the greatness who is love work,hardworking,courage and persistence.
As a college student,I am supposed to read more books,and we shall not flag or fail.We shall go on to the end.We shall never surrender.And don't forget motivation that comes from enjoying the work makes a significant difference.
It has long been a contentious issue as to whether physical exercise should be required part of every school day.Some people are of the opinion that physical exercise is beneficial,while others point out that students will have less time to study.
For one thing,physical exercise in school can makes students healthier.With the development of the society,the graduate students are facing the high pressure of finding jobs.So the students in school pay more attention to their study,and they ignore the importance of exercise.They are unhealthy and tend to be ill.If the physical exercise was required part of every school day,there would be more chances for students to take exercise.Then,they will become good students who has healthy bodies.
For another,physical exercise plays an important role in one's life.If physical exercise became part of every school day,students would be used to taking exercise.It is beneficial to their future.
Now,after close examination,it is not difficult to draw the conclusion that physical exercise should be required part of every school day.Therefore,as university students,we should take exercise every day.
Choosing an occupation makes a difference to everyone,especially our graduates.A good occupation will follow us a lifetime.So we must be careful when choosing an occupation.
But how to choose one's occupation makes a big problem.At the first time,you should get your interests enough that what's your hobby.secondly,looking at yourself carefully and trying to know what are you good at and what's your weakness.Then you would find a lot of companies which fit both your interests and your good qualities.Finally,you must look for the information of the companies that interest you to make a bigger choice for you to be employed.
As a college student of computer profession,of course,I will make a choice of an occupation about my profession.Thus,I will try my best to learn my professional classes well at first.
Nowadays,social development is extremely rapid.Although now I got into college, but still felt great pressure.In that when I graduate from the university,social more competitive.In metropolis,everyone is always busy.In that someone need money to support the family.Someone fear of unemployment.
However,keep a good mood is remarkably essential.Firstly,good state of mind can improve the work and learning.Secondly,a pleasant mood can make mind and body relax.So many people choose the entertainment to relax .For example,someone listen to music,others do exercise to relax themselves.
In my opinion,pressure also is a kind of power.If we lived in leisure environment, we would have loosed the power.Excessive pressure may cause negative effect, so the appropriate relaxation is very fundamental, especially keep good mood.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.So more and more students join after-school activities to spend make their life rich.
I often join after-school activities ,such as doing sports,looking English films and so on.Because of the activities,my body is more strong,and my English level is improved.So I advice you to join after-school activities when you have enough time.
But it is not right for anyone to join them.You'd better not join the activities if your grade is not very good.If your grade is great,so you'd better chose anactivity which you like best.
I hope you can find an activity which you like best to make you happy.
Mobile Phone has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life,It has brought a lot of benefits but has created some problems as well.
More and more students has use Mobile Phone play games or look for dates in the library.This phenomenon has been bring many influences.Many students believe that they can help students more gain knowledge and relax mood,because let's ourselves reduce pressure.However,Many students think that this phenomenon unbends study,they can let's rely on Intertnet look information but ourselves consider.
It must be realized that restrict Mobile Phone in library important,We should study use Mobile Phone look for knowledge.
There are more and more TV talent show appearing,some persons rely on these shows to become famous.
But these shows are good things or bad,that is a problem.
Underneath , I analysis some point of views of the TV talent show.
Some people suppose the TV talent show is a good thing .
Because the largest number of the people like singing ,dancing ,performance, etc.
these shows give them a chance ,a chance to realize their dreams.
Besides , these shows provide more and more flesh blood to the entertainment circle.
These alse promote the development of the economic.
So many people think it is a good thing.
Of course some people think it is a bad thing .There are many disadvantages of these shows .
many people don't work hard ,they alwayse think maybe they can become a famous star .
Some bad person use this psychology to cheat others .
In my opinion,TV talent show is a good thing if these shows are strict managed.Give a good platform for people to show themselves.
Mon.
There will be a fashion show tomorrow.
It must be marvelous.
It will start at 9:00 am, and we can meet at 8:30 am at the gate.
If you don not have time to go, please let me know.
The mother is trying to make her boy's foot pulled out from the steel ring.
It looks extremely strenuous for her to move the boy's foot, because there are braces on them.
Maybe the entire act is cumbersome, so that the older laugh at them.
The mother cursed angrily, because she dislikes let her son feels self-abased.
She always said to her son didn't let anybody tell him they are superior to him and he has to remember that he is the same as everybody else, no different.
In addition she wants her son to attain the finest education, therefore she took him to the best schools to compete for an opportunity for her boy acquires a normal education.
In the boy's heart, his mama always found a way of interpreting things, so he could appreciate it.
In the big hours just his mother and him, and his mama earns coin from the places like from and mobile, so it lets the boy believe she is a real smart lady.
The movie section shows that mother's love is selfless, the mother in the movie never gives up her child and she always encourages her boy to struggle with fate.
She is a courage and wisdom woman.
With the improvement of living standards,a part of collage students have some bad habits about health.such as sleep late,excessive consumption,addicted to the game and so an.the bad habits makes collage students fall.
As collage students,we don't have our income,so we should't careless spending and play games to increase parent's press.The home is bad,the same bad habits also to our future.On the other hand,sleep late make us no mentle state next day,such as sleeping in the class,not lack of spirit and trapped.it can vicious cycle easily.
As collage students,as adults,we should have certain of self-control.we can find some things do avoid unhealthly life habit form,such as take part in some society activities,read some books and so on.In order to our good life in the future,we must develope good living habits.Therefore,we should have pursuit not fall.
There was a news about six students hired cleaners to do laundry and cleaning once a week,which has led to a heated debate.In my opinion,I think it is a stupid action.
As a student,doing laundry and cleaning should be the necessary skills in our college life.Evenmore,we have not the ability of making money to support this kind of spending.It is not only unbenificial to our self-care ability but also a waste of our parents' money.The last but not least,if you do like these students,you will be a lazy person in your growth process,taht may not a well character.
All in all,I want to tell all the colleges,if you do not want to be sick,fat and lazy foolish,do all the things by yourself,only do liake this you can be a heathy and active person.
I want to study English for different reasons.
The first ,nowadays English is becoming more and more important.We need to use English to comunicate witn the others.The second,it is necessery that we obtain English because wo need it when we want to have a job.What'more,we can know more international information which is usually translated into English.So,it is essenital that we should learn English!
There are more and more schools require students to evaluate their teachers,every student can point out teachers' shortcomings or superiorities.
Althoug students find pleasure in it , it seems that most of teachers don't like the policy.
They think it is stressful, is unfair.
So many many teachers are rebel against this.
As the leaders of school, they willing to know faculties' performance, students can response whether the teacher is good or terrible, it is a necessary investigation.
Tn my opinion, i think the "students' evaluation of teachers' is good for teachers, they can know his own disadvantages and then correct them.
through the survey, schools can also reconfirm their staff.
In order to ensure students' rights in eduation,we should continue to take this measure to encourage all teachers change themselves little by little.
As usual, I was stretching my arms, performing skillfully with the music.
I was a leader of gymnastics, who set examples for the other junior students, acting on the platform on the playground.
Immersed myself in the music, I was sure that I was the highlight and could catch all the attention of the students under the platform.
What differed from the past was that I stood on the desk placed on the platform.
Several minutes ago, my P.E.
Since I was familiar with every action.I thought I could handle this situation.I said OK!
When I was standing on the desk, I found the things didn't go easy as I imagined.
The desk was too old to stand stable, but I had been performing this action over a thousand times so that I wasn't afraid of it at all.
When the tune of the music flowed into my ears, I was acting as if I were a fish in water.
And I had ignored all the inconvenience that the desk brought out to me.
Jumping out, punning and stretching arms and legs perfectly, I felt I was so graceful.
Every move was so grateful that I was proud of myself.
Gradually, I felt that I was not performing on the table, but just like in a large field.
I had always regarded this performance as a big glory, which deserves my efforts.
So, each time, I took it seriously.
All of a sudden, I forget the danger of playing on a table.
The space on the table was limited, and when I jumped from table, I didn't keep balance well.
I fell from the four-leg table and my whole body lain on the floor.
Fortunately, I was not badly injured.
I had already prepared to accept their laughers.
However, the imagined scene didn't show up.
I didn't hear anything except the care from my partner.
When I looked down, I knew why I didn't hear any noise.
Students down the platform were doing their own things.
Students were talking to each other.
Their actions were casually done.
They didn't even pay little attention to me.
They just ignored the person who was performing on the platform.
They were busy minding their own business.
Pathetically, I had never realized it before this thing happened.
A word came into my mind-----meaningless.
I thought I was doing the biggest task.
I thought I was somebody, but in their eyes, I was nobody.
Doing sports is very important in our daily life.
It can make us stay healthy and fit.
My favorite sport is running.
I often run around my home in the morning.
I run about half an hour and then go back home.
Running makes my brain clear so that I can do well at school.
The most important reason I choose running as my favorite sport is to keep fit.
Although I may feel a little bit tired after running,I still enjoy it a lot.
Running has helped me a lot and I will keep on doing it.
Diffenent area have diffenent take culture.
We can easily infer that different entries Jiave different kinds of songs.
So people's opinion about music must have something in disagree If we communicate with each other well, these differences must not be a problem.
Actually, Western music is softer.
It's brilliant that bolt, of to's advantages come together.
If this dream become true, it would bring us a new feeling about this new music style.
And we should working hard in different trait of those two music stale.
