We cannot emphasize the importance studying too much.
If we work hard and communicate well, not only those two music but anything else may gct better and more meaningful.
In recent years,online shopping becomes more fashionable.People have a different attitude.
Some people purpose that online shopping is convenient than in shops to buy.
It can save much of times for people.
But some people think it can't ensure it's qualities .
Besides,you may be taken in online shopping .Because you can't seethe real good.
To my opinion,we should choose supermarket carefully.We could watch the goods you will purchase at supermarkets then you come back home to buy you want to buy online.
Because online shipping is cheaper then in shop s. On theother hand,we should choose some known supermarket.It can insure the prestige.
But should be careful.Don't believe easily online.
For me, I will insist on my opinion.
First, if yours opinion is different from others, that not means you are wrong.
Truth often belongs to a small number of people.
Second, when you echo other people frequently, you could lost original thinking's capacity.
Finally, you can improve the custom that thinking through different glasses.
If you want to be a outstanding people, insist on my opinion now.
There is a news that the Taiwan actor kai ke who addicted at the drug,in Beijing on Aug29,ke appeared front the people,cried and felt sorry to the people who love him,as this reason,there is a question whether he should be given another chance?May be everyone has his answer.
Facing this thing,someone thinks he should be forgiven.
Firstly,thinking of his career,the ultimate goal is not to punish but to let them correct the mistakes.Secondly ,he should be forgiven only if he can away from the mistakes.Thirdly,he finally will got the punish he should got and paid their debts.
There are also some person against the opinion he should be given another chance.They think their behaviours had made a bad effect on the society,given the children a bad class,they hurt the fan's heart.So they shouldn't be forgiven.
In my opinion,I think he should be forgiven,for everyone who made mistakes all should be forgiven.
Nowadays, I am a junior student.
Since I have already come to college for more than two years.
Before coming to college, I hang around my parents' neck around the clock.
They told me to study hard and not to worry about anything, since there was nothing else for me to worry about.
I accepted with pleasure.
Nevertheless this college was far away from my home, and I had to live by myself.
I was as hard-working as before, what's more, I learned to wash my clothes and care for myself.
In order to relieve my parents' burden, I started taking part time jobs on weekends to earn some money by way of living expenses.
Much though earning money was not, to use it in whatever way I liked gave me a sense of achievement.
Although I hadn't wanted to become such an independent girl, I am very proud of being independent.
Since I have a revelation that becoming independent is a lesson I have to learn whether I like it or not.
How lucky I am because I can come to college and it has affected me many respects.
When we were at the bus stop ,we usually saw the advertisement board said " No business,no killing".The movie star Jackie Chan shot a public service announcement .It said"No sale no kill".I was deeply shocked .How did you feel when we saw the arctic fox died in gun ,the shark died in water ,the sea turtle without cara on the beach?
I hate poachers.People in order to the elephant ivory and killed elephant, in order to horns and killed the rhino,in order to tiger bones and killed the tiger,in order to paws and bear gallbladders and killed the bear ,in order to the turtle shell and killed the turtle.If people have no need like these ,the poachers will not also crazily kill.
In order to protect wild animals,insights make unremitting efforts.All sorts of the international conventions also has been done.
Many people like eating wild animals,so a few of restaurants in order to make money to have good for diners,such as pangolin,masked civet and kinds of bird and snake.As long as someone eating wild animals,there are wild animals business.There also have poachers.So we must stop eating and buying wild animals.This is from a source wipe the poaching phenomenon.The reason is simple.If poachers kill wild animals no one to consumption ,they will no longer continue to do adventure dry illegal things.
We should know protecting animals is to protect ourselves.So start from me,from now start to do.Please respect for every life.
Please refuse shark fin,fur and so on.
No other thing has changed our life as swiftly and fundamentally as Internet has.
It has flooded us with so many varies of websites that we can get anything we want without being out.
Amony them, in my opinion, the most influencing one is that many people are shopping online.
Yet shopping online has the potential for good and bad.
On one hand, many goods sold on the Internet are very cheap than those in the shops.
Besides, with the development of economy, many people are busy working all day and do not have time to buy something they need.
However, shopping online provides these people with a truely convenient way and sometimes we can get something that do not sell in shops.
On the other hand, people will spend much money or buy many things that they actually do not need just because of the low price of the goods.
And we cannot see the real goods before buying.
As a result, when getting the goods, there maybe big differences between goods and images on the Internet.
All in all, every coin has two sides.
Shopping online is really convenient, and, in some ways, indeed promoting the economy of our country.
However, we should recognize the disadvantages of this way as well.
If you could use it in a proper way, your life will be more perfect.
First point:You should arrive in 10 or 15 minutes before the interview.
Second point:You want to treat each person you meet ,should not make uncivilizde behaviror.
Third point:In the interview should not chew gum or can not smoke.
Fourth point:You should be prepared to answer questions before the interview.
Nowadays,many students attach less importance to the spelling of words in the process of English study.This problem has a negative impact on student's writing .
From my point of view,the main reasons for this phenomenon are as follows.Firstly,I think students pay less attention to spelling,because they study english just in order to cope with example.Secondly,many teachers don't realize the importance too.Lastly,many students study English just to read,they are too lazy to write.
To deal with this problem successfully,I have some suggests.I think,first,it's necessary to make students realize the importance of spelling,and make them understand the true meaning of study.Then,I think teachers should change their teach method,and emphasize the importance of spelling,and they should dictate every week.Last,I think students should develop their interests of English study.
I hope every student could realize the problem and pay more attention to spelling .
Suppose you are my English writing teacher's student,you will like her and her class.I don't know how to describe her .In general,she is pretty charming.
My English writing teacher's name is SunPingyan,whose English name is Mandy.She was my last term writing teacher.She has medium-long straight hair,which is always piled up as a bun behind her head and this makes her elegant.Given that she is slender,she often likes to wear designer clothes.Also,she likes smile and I hold that it is her smile that let us believe in her and her class.In addition,she likes learning more than I can say.What's more,Her class is vivid,we can learn as well as relaxing ourselves.
In a word,I like ,admire,respect her that much.
I have learned a lot from her,her class still haunting me.I miss her , long for her class and yearn for everything about her.
Nowadays many university students chooses to do part -time job in the holiday.For this situation everyone has different opinions.
In my opinion.As a university students i have joined social practice in sommer holiday.I felt more happy.in the process of practice.I learned thow to communicate with people.and made new friends and made some money.But the most important thing is that i understand how to solve the problem.No matter how difficult we must do it by ourselves.
hello!everyone,my name is Peter.I study in T internatition school,i like sport very much,i can run very fast,my favorite sport is run.i am in Class two Grade eight,i like math very much,because,my maths is very good,i don't like english,because i think english is very boring,and enlish teacher is very boring too.i like eatting pizza very much pizza is soo good and delicious,i eat pizza every moths,this is me,let's make friends with me!
The National Day Festival is coming.
We will have seven-day holiday soon.
I am going to visit my grandparents with my parents on National Day.
Of course,my grandmother will cook for us delicious food.In the afternoon,we'll go for a walk in the park,which is near my grandparents' home.
In the evening,I will do my homework,and then surf the internet.
For the next three days,I am going to do my homework carefully,so that I can finish my homework on time.
Then I will review what I have learnt,and prepare for the new lessons.
Of course,I am going to do exercise every day,such as,walking,jogging,running,playing table tennis and so on.
Then my parents and I will visit Beijing,and stay there for two days.
I am going to visit the Summer Palace,the Palace Museum,the Water Cube,the Great Wall and so on.I am sure I will have a busy and meaningful national holiday.
With the development of science and technology , online service plays a more and more essential part in our daily life .And online shopping ,the most attractive part ,is now not only an easy way of shopping ,but a modern life style .
Many people find it hard to leave online shopping aside.
Firstly, it's convenient.
You can simply sit here before your computer screen, and just a click, you'll get what you want in a few day's time.
Furthermore, online shopping can provide customers with low-cost goods and there are many other discount.
As every coin has two sides ,online shopping has some disadvantages as well.
The worst part of it is that buyers cannot check the quality of the goods.
And that can be a barrier.
Besides, the transportation process may cause problems.
It costs more and may cause damage to the goods.
As far as I'm concerned , online shopping will have a bright prospect if we can take measures to perfect the system.
To begin with, we should make our laws more completed, so that we can do online shopping safely.
In addition, suppliers should try their best to provide customers with good service, including providing quality goods.
Last but not least , all the online shopping sites should be integrity management .
Ladies and gentlemen, my honor to speak here, and I am very glad to share my topic with you.
Then today I'd like to talk something about how to be a good listener.
Nowadays, listening has become a problem we have to face.
It is time to take the advice of others and to put special emphasis on the improvement for our listening ability it is a common belief that we will be sociable.
Nevertheless parents can comprehend children, and they will eliminate the generation gap.
It must be made clear that the student should observe discipline.
Teachers are concerned about students and help them to improve their score.
There is no doubt that the students can respect others.
Nevertheless we can be patient for our classmates and cherish them.
Therefore, we'd better come to the conclusion that we should be a listener.
At length I sincerely believe that we can do better in future.
this holiday i go to hongkong with my mon.
because everyone was free this day .
so when we get to the customs ,there was full of people from every where.
after about 45 minutes we finally through customs.
most unfortunatly.
where we book the hotel also was full of people in it.
so we waste long time to check in it.
though we waste so much time in other things , but we still have much time to go sightseeing in wongkok, avenue of stars, tsim sha tsui pier, many big shopping centre and so on.
In hongkong we experienced a special national day.
not only i can see the customs and culture ,but also ate many local snacks.
so i think, this holiday is one of my unforgetable experience.
When I got the assignment to make a trip itinerary in my hometown, I was at a loss and did not know what to write.
Suddenly, an excellent idea flashed into my mind:the introduction to the cultural charm and some famous special snacks.
My hometown is named X, a small city which is located in B Province and near to Wuhan.
Therefore,if you guys want to visit it,just take a subway to a railway station or by bus directly.
There are lots of hotels in my city.
If you want to live more comfortable, you can choose a hotel which is nearby downtown.
By the way, girls are welcome to my home and stay for several days.
Here comes to the arrangement: the first day, after a long, tiring journey.
We can have a short rest and find some local delicious food to eat.
We can take a taxi or just the the No.
 bus to "X Restaurant" to taste the famous food---'rice wine'.
Although it can be easily found it in many other places.
There are still great differences between the pure,hand-making one and the industrial manufacture.
You can also buy some 'Ma Tang' which is made buy rice, sesame and sugar as a gift to your family.
Then you can go to the Dong Yong Park.
The name of it originates in a romantic love fairy tale.
During the following day, we can go to Y, a beautiful town attached to X.
We can take a bath in hot spring and wait behind the long line to buy the delicious pancake--- The pig cake.
and go hiking.
That is all.
As the saying goes:Piety is the foundation of all virtues.That means nothing could be more significant than your parents in your life.Why?Not only do they take a lot to raise you but also they love you and care about you.They are happy in that you are happy,when you do something wrong,they will help and encourage you .So in most Chinese parents' mind, there is no doubt that you should pay your parents back when they are old.
However, it is totally different in the Western traditions.The Western children are extremely independent.When they beg their parents for money,their parents will say:"No problem,dear ,I will lend you",rather than"Here you are".As result,most of them know "No pains,no gains".So they do many things by themselves,what is more ,they care of themselves when they are old.It is not necessary to live with their children.
When I was young ,my mother told me: "it takes me a lot to raise you,such as money energy and so.
"At that time ,I was too young to understand what my mother said.Years later ,I grow up ,I know what I should I do when they are old.Nowadays,I am old enough to know how hard the life is.As far as I am concerned,I believe my parents are the people that love me best and blood is thicker than water.So I love them and it is my duty to take care of them,no matter how old they are .
With the development of economy, it is becoming popular that some banks take off their business to university campus and offer credit cards to students.
A lot of person worry that credit cards may bring harm to students.
On the contrary, I don't think so.
It brings so beneficial to students a lot that they had better use credit cards.
In order to support my view, thus I list some reasons as follows.
Firstly, compared with using cashes, it's rather safer.
because it can avoid many dangers such as robbery, murder criminal behaviors.
The purpose of them is getting money more easily.
If students carry a great many of cashes to go outside, they would be targeted by those thieves.
When they face to this problems, they can use credit cards to solve them.
Next, it is not only convenient for them, but also their parents.
Nowadays, more and more credit cards offer new function service that those who hold a credit card still can apply for a supplementary card again.
Only if their parents send them supplementary card can they in a timely manner to master their children' consumer spending and financial situation.
Once their parents find something unfit in the consumption aspects, they could help them build up the correct financial values and consumption consciousness.
What's more important, it is cleaner and healthier than cashes.
Those cashes that bring certain bacterium, circulate many times every day and touched by many person, resulting in spreading of bacterium.
Although the credit cards and cash are the same in a way.
It can be disinfected.
Besides, students nearly use it by themselves not other person.
Accordingly, parents give their children more money than ever before.
When students have more money they must pay attention to money's protection.
Consequently, I can't agree more with students' actions of using credit cards.
Nowadays,more and more people realize the importance of the environment protection so that governments of many cities set 'No Cars Day' to support it.
Nevertheless,some people object,they hold the view that it is no use to improve people's mind by this way.
In my opinion,it is worthwhile for modern people have little aware of protecting the earth.As we all know,the weather is becoming much warmer.We human beings are facing such a serious problem which is over release of CO2 that makes us living harder.Therefor,we cannot emphasize the importance of low-carbon too much.
We did have created many hi-technology productions,which make our life more convenient.A good case in point is the car.Today,we cannot avoid going out by this kind of machine.And there is no denying that cars colored our life.But on the other hand,with more and more cars running on roads,the weather problem becomes so serious that there is nothing like that than ever before.We are developing science and technology,but destroying the environment in the same time.
In conclusion,it is pretty worthwhile to set a 'No Cars Day'.
Tourism's positive influence of the economy development is undeniable.
With the Reform and Opening -up policy being carried out.thousands upon thousands of foreign visitors are coming to China to visit the 5,000-year's historical interests which has brought us a considerable benefit.
We all regard the tourism as the smokeless industry.
This even becomes a big part of the GDP.
As the tourism becomes more and more mature, many disadvantages have appeared.
Say, with the number of the tourists growing bigger and bigger, many culture relics as well as historical interests have been ruined.
People rebuilt the palaces, tore down the useless old buildings, threw rubbish everywhere, and even people's normal active like breath may lead paints or antiques to be damaged.
We should balance the economic benefits and the environment protection.
We can make a limit time for a certain number of visitors to visit, and ect.
There are many ways we can do to solve this problem, but what is the most important is to build the sense of protecting the civilization.
As a sophomore,I am so glad to say hello to the freshman ,meanwhile,I have something to tell.First,the most important thing is still to study.Please do not take it granted that you can do whatever you want.We just change the place we learn.And you have to know whether you can do well in your profession or not still counts.
In a word,learning more and getting more,because you will find it so important to your career when you graduate from school.Second,making more friends who you think is worth.As we all know,we cannot live happily without friends.Finding someone whom you can share your happiness and sadness with.Of course,the friend in college is not like what someone say,and it is just more practical and rational.In this case,we still treat others sincerely,because how we treat others we are treated in this way.Third,try taking part in the practice activities.If that,you can know many persons who are differ from your major,which can make you know something new and enlarge your eye-sight.In other words,it is a way to help you to adapt the new environment.
As far as I am concerned,the last thing to tell is that enjoy your college life as possible as you can.Maybe you cannot find this time like college years which is free and full of passion.
Nowadays,most of the colleges begin to make the evaluation of teachers by students'voting.
It becomes more and more common .And it also becomes a measure to evaluate the teacher's teaching levels.
As to this issue,opinions vary from person to person .Some people think it is useless to make the evaluation of teachers from students.Because they think students usually make their judgements by their own emotion.and some of the students even give high evaluations to the teachers just because the teacher are funny , easy-going or pay less attention to what they are doing in class.But others maintain that students'evaluation of teacher is objective.And ,it is the most effective method to examine the teachers' teaching levels.
As far as I concerned ,every coin has two side.
On the one hand, students'evaluation of teachers is a feasible plan to measure a teacher'teaching level.On the other hand,it isn'the only way to measure a teacher .We have taken everything into consideration,thus making an objective analysis about the teachers.
As the evolution of time, the internet offered the people with a new lifestyle of love.
So many people started to love throughout the internet.
Nonetheless, we can treat it to reason.
The cober love have many advantages.
Firstly, it can bring you a mysterious feeling.
Scondly, you can express your love in the form of text on the internet.
Thirdly, you can meet the essential people in your life.
But, the cober love also have a lot of disadvantages.
First of all, you can be cheated by the stranger's meet language.
Then, you can waste your feeling.
Finally, you maybe lose your life , it's unsafe.
As the point of my view, true love will not appear on the internet in that the network is not accurate and unreal.
I can't accept it.
I love my father,whose very easy raeson is he love me too.He looks after me very well .My father is a worker,and my family"s host.He solve my family"s everything,i admire my father,that is because he is very well.Although my family is very poor,he always buy something for me.And i always reap something which i try my best to overcome everything frome my father.When i am depress,my father can make me happy.He said i should conplain with hem,and have more communication.Oru relationship like friendship,and i like this relation.I can talk about everything with my father.No matter how busy work and more tired.he always communication with me for some time to find out my mistakes.He love my father,whose reason just is this.I will use practical actions to return to my father's love.
I can always depend on my father.
I am proud of having such a good father.
I look forward to for a long time, labor day has finally arrived.I like the holiday,because I can go to different places to see a different landscape.This holiday from three days into the five day,it means I can have enough time to relax.This holiday is a special holiday.This is my life full and part of a good.
I especially like a person to a strange place.I like this feel.Now talk about my holiday life.The first day,because we cannot repress the gladness of heart so we got up early and start.My roommate and I eat breakfast in the canteen.On this day we strolled the Dalian all schools.For example, X university of technology and M university.This day we are walking.The second and third days the weather is not good, so we had to stay in the dormitory rest.The fourth day,we went to the X Park and X Square.We played a lot of excting things.On the fifth day,because a lot of homework so we stay in the dormitory homework.
This is my busy and happy holiday.
Thanks to accompany my little partner.
The first computer (eniac) in 1946, in the united states was born.
on february.Computer powerful functions, with a computer to have a calculator, a book, a movie, music player and a television set and a computer dvd.
Computer has a lot of disadvantages, but also very much.Computer mainly in my heart has three benefits.
individual privacy, as his own, to write down some, was found to be in the computer, and password, you can protect individual privacy and computers and so many functions.
A disadvantage in my heart there are two categories.
the online games are over and depravity.But most of them is to make money, in order to make a lot of people playing his own company, the game is designed to be very good, that many young people indulging in some teenagers playing in the game, but since has no money, will be hit to steal and rob, even to kidnapping .The internet has too many hackers.
Between good and bad, we need to go to balance youself.
".When it comes to this topic, the opinions vary from person to person.So far as my knowledge is concerned, mobile phone's influences on daily life are as follows.
Nowadays,mobile phone plays an increasingly important role in people's public life and private life.
In other words, it is convenient for us to surfe the internet,liaise with customers,keep in touch with family and friends and so on.
With its wide range of uses,we can recognize our own position by mobile phone's GPS when we get lost.What's more important, compared with computer and TV,mobile phone with smaller size and lighter weight is easy for take with.
While every coin has two sides, mobile phone also has some negative impacts on people's daily life.
For example,some people want to keep up with fashion, they go on a diet even sell kidney to buy Iphone 6, which makes a serious damage to their health.
With the mobile phone, some people with poor self-control are addicted to online games and online chat,so they can not concentrate their mind on working or learning.
which severely lower their working or learning efficiency.
To sum up, not only does mobile phone benefit us a lot, but it also bring some bad influences to us.
That is a question .
It is a serious concern around the world now.
About this issue, many people have different ideas.In one respect, the development of tourism can stimulate local economic development .
If a place has the tourism ,then so many people travel to there ,they will accommodate and have meals and so on .
Therefore , many people agree with it.
But with increasing of tourists , Cultural relics and monuments were destroyed seriously.
Many tourists don't protect the monuments so that they do harm to many monuments.So development of tourism is just like a double-edged sword.
Whether it does good or harm to us depends on , to a great extent, on how we exploit and use it.
As far as I am concerned .We should not limit the development of tourism.
Even though it will ruin the monuments, we just can take appropriate measures to limit the heritage of destruction.
I think it will be superior to limit the development of tourism.
Inthis beautiful autumn,I become a college student.
How excited and happy I am.I am so glad to be admitted to such a great college.Besides,everything is different from what in my senior high school.
For one thing,our college is bigger and more beautiful than my high shhoolo,It contains talents from all corners of our country.Foranother thing ,attendthe university means I have grown up completely so I have to try my best to handle everything by myself.
what's more,to my college life;I am full of expect-ion,I will be a determined and hard-working student,And with the help of my excellent teachers,I will make it.last but not least ,I will take part in society activities to get the ability of communicating .I believe I can become an outstanding girl.
Today, many of college students lack in social practice.
While from my viewpoint, it's necessary for college students to take part in social practice.
Firstly, Social practice is a kind of experience which teaches you something significant taking an example of reality.
At the process, you touch on something you couldn't know in the schools and you will think about them.
Then you're approaching the reality.
Then it's social practice that could exercise your ability to deal with daily trifles and live independently.
The best way to improve yourself is to put you into brand-new surrounding and that you have to do things by yourself.
Last, in a way, it inspires you to face your life more self-confident.
The earlier you approach to the society, the more you know about life.
That is the reasons why I think college students should take part in social practice.
In the picture,we can see that a teacher is to give students a book, and said "Just think of it a long text message",Students took the hand of the books.
For our students, literary works in our lives everywhere, we can read the literature to improve their ideological and moral cultivation, while reading literary works can also broaden our horizons, so that we can better understand the world.
I think the literature for our lives is essential, a good literature allows us to comprehend a lot of sense, so I suggest the students go to the library to see the next multi-class literature books.Our life is wonderful because literature.
Before you came The S university ,I believe that everyone has your own dream university.
Well, including me, my dream university is Z university.
Z university ,located in the West Lake of Hangzhong, a beautiful place for traveling and studying, has a long history of 114 years.
As we all know, the fore-name of Z university is QiuShi Faculty,which was built in 1897.
It consists of 5campus, including Yuxuan Xixi Huajiachi Zhijiang Zhijinggang and covering an area of 5.33 kilometers square.
Z university also has its own famous departments, such as, The New Librery of Zhijinggang campus, The Project Librery of Yuan in memory of Doctor Yuanshenweng and so on.
After so many years,some exceptional majors have stood out of us, for instance,Wujianxiong from physics program,Qianbaozhong from maths program and so many many.
Because of its long splendid history and its beautiful ,enchanting campus environment,also its excellent education programs.but most of all, this beautiful campus will provide an ideal space for contemplation and inspiration to aid us in that long journey ,so I was always wondering if only I could study there.
Last friday , we saw a film about the courage and unbroken .
This is about a famous Olympic athletes .
But the WAR two was begin , so he must to went to the war just for the U.S .
It is a pity that they had a airplane crash and he lost a lot of comrades in arms .
At last , he had be catched by japanese .
In Tokyo pow camp , he had been abused .
Despite this , he was still insist on down .
So when the war is over , he went back and safety .
This story tell me what is the unbroken .
And we should learn this courage .
I hope the world will be peace forever .
My grandpa is an English teacher.
The scenarios that he was standing on the platform for teaching exist only in my imagination, because he had retired already since I can remember.
He has a significant influence on me.
In my impression, he was a stubborn and though man.
Everyone had to obey what he said.
When I was a little girl, I want to convert television news channels into cartoon ones, which he forbade.
He told me I should know more about state affairs.
Since then, I was kind of afraid of him.
This feeling did not lingered until I grow up.
Nevertheless, what he had done is good for me.
However, not everything is set in stone.
Due to his wife and father died in the same year, my grandpa's temper suddenly changed.
He doesn't limit what we watch, what we eat, and where the thing we should put.
In my eyes, he was almost another man.
He has become more friendly and much easier to get along with.
Nonetheless, I can feel his loneliness and unhappy.
I still remember that day and the things happened on my grandpa vividly.
At that time, I was going shopping with my mother.
It was a sunny and things we awfully dull before it happened.
Then I received a call from my father who told us that my grandpa broken his leg at home.
The information was a regular thunderbolt to us.
Without hesitation, we stopped going shopping, hurry back home.
When I saw my helpless grandpa, my tears cannot help flowing down.
Then we went him to a hospital making detailed inspection, fortunately, the injury was not serious.
We want to hire a nanny for him, he refused.
We can't force him to make a decision, so we often go home to accompany him.
He often told me that I must study hard and repay our society.
I have a very special interdependent relationship with my grandpa.
In my mind, he is not just a teacher of his students, also is mine.
There is a growing concern over the issue that whether the students have the right to argue with their teachers.
And I hold the opinion firmly that they should not be allowed to criticize their teachers.
The reasons are as follows.
On the one hand, teachers are the representatives of top-authority, which means they need some dignity so they can manage the whole class, especially for some teachers who are also head masters.
If the students argue with the teacher in public with some emotional words, not only the teachers but also the rest of the students will be embarrassed.
On the other hands, there is a better solution for this situation.
If the teacher has made some mistakes, students can talk with their teacher in person.
In this situation, they can communicate about the question deeply.
If the student misunderstands the knowledge and he would know it better.
As far as I am concerned, students should not argue with their teachers in class but they can communicate in the relationship of friends.
Along with the age growth gradually,I find that I have many different views in life and values with my parents.One day,my parents were listening to classical music when I went home back.I dislike those music, so I told my parents turned it off or turned it down.However,they side that it very good and quite.I can't stand it and turned up my Mp4.Then,rock music was loudly and fulled of the room.Finally,my parents with me got into quarrel.Because they also dislike rock music and boring it.I thought that's the Generation gap probably.
Along with the step of the breathtaking development of China's economy, more and more people gradually live a rich and happy life.
And owing to the performance of the single-policy, most couples only delivered a baby.
However, it divides people into two different groups.
One group argue that its advantages are more than its disadvantages.
For instance, only children can gain more love and care from their parents than those who have any brothers or sisters.
So that only children grow up happily, actively and positively.
For another, the single-child policy makes the material conditions of the single-child family's lfe better.
In the conditions of various aspects, such as nutrition, clothing books, toys and school suppliers, only children are better than non-only children.
Even if in poor families, their parents always try to meet the basic need of children's development.
Nevertheless, another group of people differ with the above point of view.
As far a they concerned, only children may be prone to be psychological if family education misconduct.
For starters, only children will be easy to be selfish because of be spoiled by their parents and grandparents.
On the other hand, they will be difficult to develop self-consciousness of respecting to elders and obeying discipline.
In my opinion, it does more harm than good.
Only children are poor of social adaptive ability and easy to be withdrawn owing to the lack of any brothers or sisters who can play with so that they can develop their collaborative and competitive spirits.
Therefore, I think a family should have at least two children.
th November 2014.I became a college student and college life is interesting happy and relax .college classing let me feeling rich in here I made friends with my roommates.they are every good our dormitory is only one stranger in oue ciass.that make us fell good luck .our dormitory has not a native people.of course I came here I miss my parents and my brother and foods.In the school has many activities but I have no interest in if it is good for me I can join.Because it can be good for me graduate.because I want become succeed so I nessary do it.My drem is become a chinese teacher In the school I am every happy,I have many friends and they let me feeling every kindly brave and sunlight here teachers all good I think they are acquittal every day my roommates and I together ciassing eat sleep and play they not only is friends ,but also is sisters.I think I will back home also can't forget them the college life will become my best memories.
I am writing to apple for the opportunity to help students in chenxi Hopschool.I wish to apply for thr job.I think its well worth joining in the activity.
I am a 16-year-old boy and studying in chenguang middle school,i have a good knowledge of languages.i am an outgoing boy,whichcan make it easy to gets along well with others.and i have the ability to make the students interested in English as it is my favorite subject.
I would be grateful if you could send me more in formation about it.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Factors to consider when buying a computer can fall into four types according to my own perspective, including price, performance, style and brand.
What I want to illustrate first is that to most people, the main factor to be considered when purchasing a computer is price due to the reason that many people today still cannot afford many exceedingly expensive computers such as iMac, etc.
Almost all of us want to get a computer at a reasonable price, especially in such a high price era.
Aithough it is rarely possible to buy a computer with good quality, many people are still inclined to take the price factor as the first.
Then comes that Performance becomes the factor which is only next to price since the purpose of buying a computer is just to use.
A good performance means that you are able to use your computer conveniently and freely.
What' more, if you want to play some heavy games or deal with large data sets, performance is also of vital importance.
Next, the third factor is style.
No matter what you say, I just want to say that as long as your computer has a good performance and a reasonable price, style is not the most important.
But if you are favor of the style, you can pay some attention on it.
Some people may care the size of screen, weight, etc.
very much, but do remember not to put much emphasis on this factor because most people want to pursue a good style.
As an old saying goes, everyone has the beauty of heart.
Also, this becomes the main reason why some products with a better style are more expensive than those in poor style.
A case in point is that iphone 5S in golden is more expensive than that in grey or silvery.
As for the last factor------brand, I think it should be the least important factor when buying a computer in that there are many brands in the market and almost every brand has its own advantages and disadvantages, and we needn't take many notices of brand.
But some people consider it extremely important maybe because they belove some brand very much.
To be honest, brand should not be the first factor to be considered when we buy a computer.
From what's been discussed, there are many factors to be considered when buying a computer.
If you have limited money, you'd better pay more attention to price.
Provieded you have rigorous requirements about computer, performance should be the first.
All in all, choosing a computer in accordance with your requirements and economic ability is the most perfect.
The board of trustees meeting aiming at increasing tuition and deciding other issues triggered fierce anger among students last night at Memorial Hall Auditorium.
The proposal of increasing tuition by 3percent at the beginning of next semester was strongly criticized by the students' government representatives .The debate on this issue lasted nearly 4 hours, during which more than 35 people speak out against this proposal.
Following this issue was the approval of the proposal, which asked to build a new 20,000 seat arena at the cost of $153 million .This project, will be funded by state and federal monies and alumni contribution.
While also in this meeting, a $250,000 request by Fine Art and Design Department for new facilities like, computer processing units was rejected, causing catcalls among students.
More than 600 people participate this meeting, which lasted 7 hours.
About 50 students stayed until the meeting's end, jeering at the members of the board, who remained silence to this.
Now the phenomenon of college students in school to pursue famous brand more and more common.
For example, our school there are eighty percent students wearing famous brand shoes, wearing famous brand clothes.
Of course, some students wearing common.
People take different views on this question, many people object to university students to pursue famous brand.
From their point of view university students should wear common cloth, not wear too expensive cloth.
University students have the good habit of thrift.
University students should pay more attention to study.
Don't waste time on the pursuit of famous brands.
As far as I am concerned, the pursuit of famous brand appropriately, not too much.
Because some price is reasonable, and wearing comfortable.
In short, it can be said that the pursuit of famous brand to appropriate.
I was invited to get involved in the activity which was called 'Experience in China'.I have learnt a lot.Now I'd like to tell you something about what I've experienced.
I live with my Chinese friend who is very warm-hearted and kind to me.
At first,I got in troble with different culture.Fortunately,he helped me to get over this difficulty.Whenever there is a question,we will have a discuss.Besides,we join the sport club together.
During the time,I not only tasted some delicacies,but also watched the Peking Opera.Meanwhile,I visited the sights of Bejing in order to learn about the history of China.
Compared with other festivals,I like Spring Festival best because everyone would get together on that day.We ate plenty of dumplings and they were very delicious.
In a word,I love China.I will treasure the life here as well as be obliged to come back.
Yours Vickey.
With the rapid improvement in technology of computer,our traditional way of teaching and learning has greatly changed.According to some people,they hold that computers will replace teachers.But in other's opinion,they believe the teacher is irreplaceable.From my point of view,I prefer the former one ---computers will replace teachers.
First and foremost,computers will facilitate our study and arouse our interest.We could acquire more knowledge from this.When you find something difficult,just use a computer.It will give you elaborate explanation and make you understand.Besides,It will stimulate our independent study.Without anyone 's help,our self-control may go up a high level.It is beneficial for us to improve ourselves.Last but not least,no one would deny that computer is playing a significant role in our daily life.Therefore,using computer is imperative.
All in all,computers bring a lot of convenience to us.And it is essential for our study.We have to say,technology changes our life.
I heard that the college life was the most wonderful times.
After staying a period of time, I think it's true.
The first impression of university is colorful.
First, every course has different classes.
From Monday to Friday, I have a class in different places where I can meet kind of teacher and fresh classmate.
For one thing, I can know more knowledge; For another, it aroused my interest in learning.
What's more, on sparing time, the library is a good place for me where has a lot of books what are in many fields.
Most important of all,this is a place with quite environment of learning.
In addition, doing sports and cycling around school with my roommates are relaxing.
On the other hand, college life is meaningful.
There are too many community activities to participate in.
It's taught me that communication and abilities are the same as important for me.
Also, it's benefit to improve myself in many ways.
For example, with new friends exchanging idea is a funny thing.
At the same time, I'm good at communicating with people.
Then, besides going to join in classes, teachers are free with our study.
So I must study by myself on space time.
personally,I believe that we could live wonderful lives in our university.
consequently, I'm confident that a bright future is awaiting us because we would have good use of the four years' life.
My name is Q. I come from X TEACHER UNIVERSITY, I'm very happy to stand here.
Today, I want to apply for a position in this career.
To be a good English teacher is my dream, I believe l can do it very well.
As a good teacher, l will not only in class but also lives to help them, leading them have a good future.
I have many patients to teach students more and more knowledge.
I'm very friendly l think, so I will chant with them and make friend with them.Sometimes,I can teach them to sing songs, make them happier!I also tell them some useful knowledge to expend their horizon!
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
In the future, I think my life will be changed lot.
In ten years, I will be twity-six years old.
Maybe I will have my own family and have a smart child.
I will work in a school as a teacher.
I well enjoy my work and get along well with my studens.And in my family, I well get along with my husband.
I think my husband will be cool man, he is very kind and always looking after me.
On vacation, I will travel around the world with my family.
In a word, my life will richer than now.
There is my room.
Theschool is in the east of the sofa and the hat is on the bed.
There is a key on the table and that is a clock on the table.
Those are lots of books in the bookcase.
There is a tape player on the table and this is a CD on the table.
There is a tape and a blue book are on the table,too.
All students are looking forward to the summer holiday,because they can play computer all day in the summer holiday.Nevertheless I believe we shouldn't play it all summer holiday.How can we have a relaxing and meaningful holiday?
I suppose we should do some sports in the summer,such as running,swimming and playing football to make us in excellent condition.We also can travel to some places as well as join some language courses.I think read some books is good for our study as well as assist our mother with housework.
As we can see in the picture,a butcher has sold some meat with water to a women.At the same,the women used a false 100 yuan bought the meat .
Sush a phenomenon is reflection that people is lack of honest.The man sold meat with water to customers,whish is against the law,which is a dishonest thing.
The customers used a false 100 yuan bought meat,which is not only lose t dishonest but also against the law,which is harmful to ourselves,which will be punished by the law.
The sincere message is a road, with the fact that pioneer's step extends; The sincere message is wisdom , seeks rope accumulation with having a wide knowledge of a scholar's; The sincere message is successful , person's going all out approaches with advancing bravely; The sincere message is the wealth seed , is therefore likely to find the key opening a state treasury as long as your sincere desire moves downwards kind.
we can take effective measures to restore it.
It all begins with the engagement.
Traditionally, a young man asks the father of his sweetheart for permission to marry her.
If the father agrees, the man later proposes to her.
Often he tries to surprise her by "popping the question" in a romantic way.
The couple may invite hundreds of people or just a few close friends.
The bride usually wears a beautiful, long white wedding dress.
The groom wears a formal suit or tuxedo.
As the ceremony begins, the groom and his groomsmen stand with the minister, facing the audience.
Music signals the entrance of the bridesmaids, followed by the beautiful bride.
Nervously, the young couple repeat their vows.
But sometimes the couple has composed their own vows.
They give each other a gold ring to symbolize their marriage commitment.
Finally the minister announces the big moment: "I now pronounce you man and wife.
At the wedding reception, the bride and groom greet their guests.
Then they cut the wedding cake and feed each other a bite.
Guests mingle while enjoying cake, punch and other treats.
When Spring Festival coming, many people like to watch Spring Festival Gala on CCTV.
Since this TV show appeared, it has been a symbol of celebrating our lunar new year.
It is not unusual to see the whole family gathered in front of the TV to watch the program.
However, some people point out that Spring Festival Gala on CCTV should be called off, because this TV show don't have many good ideas anymore, and during Spring Festival, these people may pay their attention to other forms of celebration instead of immersing themselves in TV program.
As far as I'm concerned, Spring Festival Gala on CCTV shouldn't be canceled for there are still some people who tend to watch it.
It offers a good alternative for the family members to get together and communicate with each other.
As for those who don't like to watch this TV show, you could do some other things on Spring Festival to enjoy yourself.
The Educational model in China is discussed by person constantly.
It's seams that this topic will never outdate.
University which is a special stage for students has much more different opinions of person.
Some of them think the university should be a study place that falls upon freedom, so going to classes should be optional for students.
But in my view, it can't work for students to be optional to go to classes especially in China.
And it is necessary to require university students to attend classes.
The situation in China is that most university students still lack consciousness to take the initiative to study by themselves.
It sounds sorrowful but undoubted.
Reqring students to attend classes can make up this shortcoming.
At the same time, it can train students to have a good sense of time.
It is very important to learn how to manage time well.
Be initiative to study can be very useful in our future life, because when a person becomes mature, no one will supervise him to study.
However, we need to study in our whole life.
Knowledge is infinite.
Every course has the meaning of existence, and we should absorb knowledge widely.
There's no doubt that we can learn different things from different courses.
I'd like to say we should learn knowledge no matter you interested or not, as we shouldn't be fussy about our food, because it's good to ourselves.
In fact, we always learn something useful unconsciously, when you are listening to the class.
The last reason is that we need rule and order in university.
As we all know, university is a mini society.
The things we learn from university will help us to adapt to the society better.
The society we live in is full of rules, therefore, obeying rule is one of the very important things we should learn in the university.
No rules no standers.
In a word, it is necessary to required students to attend classes.
Because university students are not that conscious, and we can't say any course is useless because they definitely has the meaning of existence.
What's more, we need rules in the university like we need rules in society.
Brady Pitt was born in a poor family in the USA.
He learnt so hard that he could learn something by heart.
He was so smart that he could solve who had difficult problems.
He spent three years studying in French.
When he grew up,he worked as a teacher at the university.
And he often was invited to make a speech for people at the other universities.
In my opinions,I help my classmates to look like him.
I admire him learning attitude.
We should study hard like him.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
'Thank you' is a phrase that is often used in many situations, which conveys a message that someone is grateful for what you have done for him/her.
As for univesity students, it is more common to see we use the phrase when we have interactions with others.
However, there is a strange phenomenon that many of us seldom say 'thank you' to our dear parents.
Maybe, the reasons are as follows.
First of all, parents are the people who give us life and bring us up, so we take their devotion for granted.
Besides, they have been devoting themselves all the years accompanying with us, which leads to a terrible result that we ignore whatever they have done for us, even some of us know nothing about them.
What'more, a majority of us are brought up in a one-child family.
In my opinion, we are supposed to love our parents and express our love and thankful feelings to them.
First we make Christmas cards to their loved one or the teacher, then share and students engage on Christmas gifts, Christmas party and sing a Christmas song in the class, play some meaningful game.
Of course, we can also help others at Christmas, because of this festival will become more meaningful, if only the festival then life will become boring.
The Christmas tree is a symbol of Christmas, but in the Chinese but few people buy Christmas tree, because we are the Ocean Festival, but not their true meaning, it will be like this.
Christmas is a festival of joy, let us together to spend it.
Spring Festival is a tradition festival and it is very important in China.
The Spring Festival is Chinese nation 's oldest and most important traditional festival has been for thousands of years of history of tile.
This spring festival's eve people often have a big and delicious supper with family.
A lot of customs are practised during Spring Festival.
Such as firecrackers, giving lucky money to children, eat dumplings.
Because I can wear new clothes and have lucky money.
I hope you can have a nice Spring Festival with us.
I think you' ll be able to like it.
Maybe you think that a memorable day is special and very rare.
Nevertheless in my opinion, there are lots of days which are worth bearing in mind in our life.
My memorable day was October 19th, 2013, an ordinary school day.
I went to the school as usual, wearing a thin jacket.
The weather forecast had said sunny day that day and the morning sunlight shone really warm.
Nonetheless after lunch, the sky became overcast, clouds gathering up.
Without any expectations, it began to rain.
I realized that I wore a bit less the instant I felt very cold and wet even if I was in the classroom.The weather in autumn was changeable, which turned to windy on my way home.
I could hardly walk.
When I was almost home, I saw a familiar woman.
She took a coat and a scarf like mine, standing in the wind and waiting for someone.
Suddenly, I recognised she who must be my mom worried about me feeling cold.
As soon as she found me, she helped me put on the coat and wear the scarf quickly, asking me whether I felt cold or not now.
Nevertheless I was too moved to say anything at that time.
Don't ignore the care from your parents just because you think it is too much.
That is also memorable.
I was born in Tianjin,a big city on the east coast of China,in March 13th,2002.
I had lots of friends when I was a child.My first friend's name is Zhang Zhexuan.We studyed in Shang Haidao Primary School.Zhang zhexuan was a little difficult in class but I didn't,I was very good.After class we ofen played games together.For example,we played hide-and-seek.Our first English teacher is Nancy.She was kind and friendly to us,but sometimes she was strict in our lessons.
This is my past life and I'm looking to returning my primary school with my friends again.
As we all known reading is an important part in our daily.
However, different people have different comments.
Some of people think reading a right book can make us know more about the world and feel joyful.
While others think we should experience and explore our world.
But to me, I believe that reading makes greater effect to our lives.
Firstly, reading books is an easy way for us to learn about the world.
We can know different kinds of things in books and choose what we need.
Secondly, reading is not just a way of learning but also an enjoyable hobby.
We can read books whenever you want to, for example, if you feel tired in busy working you can read to make you relax.
Last, experiences is a way to know things we do and places we are in now.
While reading is able to let us learn the past and imagine the future.
So I think reading is more important.
As far as I am concerned, shopping via media brings great benefit to our life and our economy on the whole.
At the same time, we need strengthened supervision over the information released via media.
In this way, we can reap more benefits from shopping via media and reduce the possible harm to a minimum.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
In ten years, I will have a good job and get along with my workmates.
I hope I'll have a belong to my own warm home maybe I will have a lovely child.
In my free time, I'll travel around the world with my best friends or do some exercises to shape my body, such as swimming, running and great variety of ball games.
I sometimes also go shopping or flim.
will often go to some places where there are many person in life can't provide for themselves, I will care for them.
I will be happy every day.
In conclusion, my life will be much colourful and happy in the future.
Recently,online course is popular around the world.More and more school try to teach in internet instead of tradition teaching system.Why cause this situation?
In my view,reasons are that: firstly,in the 21th,science knowledge is developed and almost each family own their computers.
That make online course easy to carry.
Secondly,teaching in the internet is convenient to share teach's resource.Students whose home is far from school are not take long distance to go to school.
They can study at home.
Finally,it's convenient that both students hand in homework and teachers correct assignment are on the internet.
Online course is useful in the teaching and it should be carry out.
That is all,thank you.
With the development of the economy and society, it is becoming a common phenomenon that students rating of their teachers.
Some people are in favor of the rating system.They think students will attend the teachers' classes every day.Those students can have their opinion about the classes and can learn more.
What's more,the rating on the teacher can help teachers realize their disadvantages in teaching and find a better solution.
On the contrary,others are strongly against it.They think that the rating system is bad for teachers.They believe that it is not fair.
Students are likely to make a inequitable rate due to the relationships of teachers.Besides,students are lack the professional knowledge,choosing them to rat the teachers is not a good choice.
As far as I'm concerned students rating on teachers will act an interactive role.So it is necessary for teachers.
Students rating on their teachers can break up the absolute authorities of teachers,and will accelerate teaching and learning progress.In a word, I suggest that students should rate through the fact rather than the personal bias.Teachers should also modest and calm enough to accept good suggestions.
The first memory I have of my dad-of anything, really-is his educational methods.
In the different period of my life, my father uses different ways to educate me.
Because the relationship between a son and his father changes over time, the ways of education that he used changed.
When I was a child,my father was extremely strict with me.
Every time I did what was wrong,he would be severely reprimanded me,even family violence.
Of course,family violence barely occurred.
Nevertheless, that memory was the most clear.
No wonder when a child made a mistake, his parents would use domestic violence, which could let the child remember more clear and effectively avoid the similar mistake again.
I still remember that on one day there was a rainy day,and I skipped the class,cheating that I was ill.
Afterwards, my father seemed to know about it already and beat me heavily.
Several years later, I was not a child, and I gradually knew what to do and what not to do.
From then on, my father changed the ways to educate me.
He tended to use harsh words to "intimidate" me.
For example, when I was a junior middle school student, I was caught smoking by my teacher.
Then he calls my father, and I was very scared that he would beat me.
Nonetheless I was wrong, and I realized there was a change.
He just told that if he heard I was still smoking, he would punish me heavily.
As time passes, there are other rules to follow.
Nowadays, when I make a mistake, my father tends to give me some advice, rather than forcing me to change my mind.
He always says "you can do whatever you want to do, but you should understand what you have done and what it will contribute to".
He knows how to guide us well.
I always say"I have the best teacher".
I tell my father how much I love him.
It is his educational methods that make me so great, and I am grateful for him and what he has done.
Everyone's heart has a hero,maybe a person who saved the people,maybe an animal who has got good spirits.
So far, my hero is Liu Wei,he is an armless piano player.
He has a very special experience.
When he is ten years old,he lost his arm in an accident.
But he never gives up because he has a strong will.
His dream is become a famous piano player.
Practice playing the piano with his feet,HE realized his dream on China's Got Talent.
He has a famous saying that my life has only two ways,or to died,or lived a wonderful life.
In my opinion,Liu Wei is a real hero.
I learned from iron.
Although he lost his arms,he didn't give up his dream.
I will memorize him forever.
With double eleven coming, many people shopping online.
For myself, shopping online makes more convenience to us, but there are more disadvantages, too.
Sometimes you shopping online you cannot see the logistic information.
A half month ago, I was bought three vacuum bags online.
Next day, I was checked it the logistics information, but I can't check it.
It annoyed me can't contacted the seller.
I tried to found him two days and he's QQ head was gray forever.
I wondered know whether the goods was sold, however, I didn't know.
After a week, I decided canceled the order.
Checked in taobao, the logistic information appeared in my eyes and the date was two days ago.
At that time, I wanted to cry.
And may be you can be cheat.
My friend bought a bracelet online, the seller told she the material was sliver.
When the goods arrived she found it was an iron bracelet.
The price online was fixation, we cannot bargaining with seller.
It makes people lost funny who like bargaining.
This winter holiday, I took part in the social studying in my class.
We gave out leaflets in the street.
It was very cold, but the sun was still shining brightly.
We stood in the street near the school, waiting for our first "customer".
The leaflets we gave out were about convenient parking.
"Attach this leaflet to your car.
This explanation may be very simple, however, when you told over fifty people about that, the situation became quite different.
The passers-by were not the same at all.
Some of them gave us chance to show them our leaflets.
But some were a little bit cold.
But never mind, we just searched for another "customer".
After nearly two hours hard work, we gave out all the leaflets.
Tired but happy, we finished this unforgettable experience.
Good afternoon, boys and girls !Today my topic is "Safety is first".
Now, food, traffic, fire , robbery and the natrue disasters are all unsafe.
First, we shouldn't eat dirty food.
We should buy food with QS on it.
Second,we must obey traffic rules.
If we meet accidents, we should call 110 at once .
Third, when we meet fire ,we can't use lifts, and we should call 119 immediately.
Fourth, we should give our money and things to the robbers, remember the personal qualities about them, and call 110 when we meet robbers.
Last,but not at least, when the earthquake starts, we should run out from our houses as soon as possible.
When the flood starts, we should try our best to protect ourselves.
We can have a happy life if we do so.
That's all.
As we all know ,love is remarkably foundation in our life , so that we can not be lack of it .
About family's love , acquaintances' love and lover's love , we also can feel these .
So we should value the love of others and keep it , at the same time don't heart it .
First of all ,time for us is fair .
So if the time went by , we must can't remain it .
Due to the fact that we should merit love powerfully.
Don't to regret in the end , if you do it that is too late .
What's more , we should be more confident , don't doubt others' love .
Belief their love , and learn to love them , we don't comprehend how long is their life .
We must remember that we must grasp now .
In a word , love is value time and others .
Nowadays, love among college students has become increasingly common.
and studying together in the library.
whether the students should devote their time and energy to love or to learning.
learning, because campus love is time-consuming and tears them away from their academic studies.
academically.
love during the students' school years.
meeting produces romantic passion towards each other.
and that most of them can properly cope with their love and learning.
Personally, I am not quite in favor of the students being engaged in campus love.
students' main task at college is to learn knowledge and expertise.
campus love.
Here's an advice to my fellow students.
will get it in the way of your study.
This summer holiday,some Brithsh students will visit my school.
And then we can give them lots of happy.
We can tell then some history about Guangzhou.
I thing they will like the stories about Guangzhou.
We can take them to visit some famous places in the Guangzhou.
For example BaiYun hill,Beijing Road Pedestrian Street.
We can play basketball with their.I thing,we will have a lot of fun.
Let us to meet the Brithsh students come.
Sally and Bethary are good friends.
They always play together.
And they always talk together.
In some ways,Sally and Bethary are similar.
Both of them are outgoing.
And They are very friendly,too.
Both of them are hard-working.
And both of them are in Room 5-1-1.
In some ways,they are quite different.
Sally is shorter and stronger than Bethary.
But Bethary is thinner and taller than Sally.
Sally likes the sports.
She plays the volleyball better than Bethary.
And she runs faster than Bethary.
I think a good friend can make me laugh and he should like to do the same things as me.
And he must be a good listener and truly care about me.
Mentioned my first school,I can hardly rememner its whole look.
I had my first two grades at Y Piano Art School (maye that's its name...).
I still have a picture of me and and my first school.Honestly it's beautiful.
"A little girl with white dress who carries her empty new schoolbag enters the gate happily.
"That may be the first and precious cut of my memory of the school.
When I was in Class Two Grade One,I loved standing in a line and went anywhere together with my class.That's obviously my favourite activity.That was a little happiness of a "freshman" in primary school.And I can't figure it out now.
I recall my first Chinese teacher,mats teacher or English teachernow but I have a clear memory of my piano teacher, Mr Qie.She was strict but warm-hearted and about fifty.She played piano briliant,Actually she was my first "muse".Mrs Q was serious and very strict in classes.
But when classes' over,she was just like a mom or granny...I lived in scool that time,an she cares about me very much.She even considered me as her own child.I had two lessons every day.She was so loving that I woudn't miss my dad and granny when I was with her.I'll keep her in my mind althugh I don't have lots of memories of her.I can't even write her last name correctly cause I was too young and naive.
About my first friend,she's a girl called Y who draws very well.That's all I can still remember about her.That's a shame I haven't got her nemember,her adress or e-mail.
However I'm glad that my memories of my first school was filled with happiness.
First,as we all know,English is a language that popular in the world.People all over the world all nearly can speak little or more English.And English become more and more essential in modern life.
What's more,as our second language,it makes us know that knowledge of another language and culture can broaden our horizons and enrich our life.It let us take in more knowledge about England.It has an advantage over other language.
In addition, I consider English is quite interesting.Compared with Chinese,it doesn't boring like that.I regard learning English as my favorite thing.So,I like to take in English.
According to the passage "All the Cabbie Had Was a Letter",there is a long and heart-warming friendship.
Long time no see,both Tom and his old friend Ed miss each other all the time.What's more,they keep in touch with each other by correspondence.After Tom realized that Ed already died,he became regretful and sorrowful.At last,Tom missed Ed so much,but it's too late for everything.From it,we can see the real thing that we should let him or her know at once,and we should never hesitate to express and share the feelings with our friends.In a word,friendship needs to share,express,and it is necessary for everyone to communicate with each of their friends.
In my opinion,I think that friendship has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.Friendship is precious for everyone.The most important thing of friendship should be that everyone should treat each other with whole heart.No matter how often you meet your friends,and no matter how much you spend on your friends,to be wholehearted and real love will be true.
In conclusion,please do what you want to do for your friends when you have chance and capability to do it.Try our best to grasp the opportunities and keep in touch with our friends.
Many college students now face a setback ability is poor, such as outside looking for work did not find a neet.
In my opinion we must do some for it.
First: school because the more about social activities organized some students to participate in, and some simulation to the students to know how to deal with things.
Second: students for this to take part in some social practice read a few relevant material and know how to deal with these problems.
At the end we for this to Europe and Japan and the family education way of learning advantages emulate let children stronger ability to adapt to the practice from solve all problems.
Many people are afraid of people with AIDS since they think there is a risk of being infected.
People with AIDS are normally lonely since many people are not willing to communicate with them.
Short of both adults and children in the silent about their pain,suffering from ADIS,parents also aids in children,then the pain of torture until the child.Although gave then life,but also bring them pain,this is why?I very want to ADIS mothers say,please don't take pain to the child,although gave them a little time to live,but also bring them a lifr\e pain.They have pain why again on the children continue?
Do you known which is the most important festival in my country ?Great !It's the Spring Festival ,of course .Now ,we are looking forward to having our festival .I guess you must be interested in this festival so let me tell you something about it .
As you know ,spring festival is a traditional festival which has been existed for thousand years.it's important for Chinese to get together to celebrate the festival .people prepare a lot for it before its coming .we clean our house which we think can bring our good luck .when it coming ,people dress up and celebrate it with families or friends.we eat dumpling and many kind of food together .then most of the people visit their neighbors, friends,families .at midnight we set off fireworks which can bring us happiness and good luck .
now ,I hope you have some idea if Chinese Spring Festival.
Here is Liu wei.
Today we will talk about Spring Festival.
Spring Festival is a traditional festival and everyone know it in China.
It has about 1,500 years' history.
Here is a story about "Year".
in December to the first day in January.
People all were afraid for it.
One day, an old man came to this village, and he said :"I will help you to control 'Year', but you need to set off fireworks and some bid, red paper in your doors.
In the evening, "Year"came to thia village and eat these people.
heard some voices and saw some red things.
He ran away quickly because he was afraid.
In the next day, people were all alive and they were happily and they said "Happy New Year".
In addition, in this festival, people often decorate their houses and buy lost of things before festival.
On the eve of the festival, people always get together to eat something called "Jiaozi", and then watch a programme.
On the next day, old people will give children "Hongbao".
In it, the money we call it "lucky money".
Nevertheless if you have any uncles or aunts, don't forget to visit them, they will be very happy.
In this day, we always have a long holiday.
In comparison, Spring Festival is different with New Year.
Along with the social development ,network technology more advanced,so the rumors speeds quickly,and the Online Rumors do harm to us .
As you see the Online Rumors do just as landmines they let people scared terrified and more .
So we should do something to give quietus to a rumour, but what should we do .
Firstly, we should believe our government ,anytime ,our government must do the most valuable thing to protect our legal rights and those of our users.Then when we denied some online rumors we should let our family know this is wrong ,and they should take care .Fainlly we should let as many people as possible know it's wrong ,if it is feasible we should let our government know it as possible.
The last but not is not essential , we must thinking about when we speak some words , in a word You are never too careful to drink rums.
We all know that the famous proverb which says" Actions speak louder than words," demonstrates the importance of what you will do.
Not until last semester did I totally realize this point.
It was in severe winter.
The wind just cut right through me.
Trembling in the wind, we waited for us PE teacher to give the lesson.
Suddenly, the teacher temporarily changed her mind that let us to have a 800-hundred test.
So cold I am that I asked for leave and promised that I would practice it in the following week.
Actually, I did not keep my words.
Time fled, another week past and I had no choice but to run.
Unfortunately, I failed.
I regretted not practicing so much that I even wanted to turn back the clock.
Being similar to me,many people may make a resolution to do this or that, however, seldom of which really make it.
So it is obvious that what you will do is much more important than what you have said.
This is the first holiday when I went to the university.Not much holiday homework.But accustomed to my high school life.A bit at a loss.I don't foreknow what can be done in this holiday.
I go home,my mom and dad gave me a big surprise,is a puppy,they helped me realize my desire, one day,I can have a lovely dog,let it accompany me,no matter what happy or sad,the most important thing is,I am no longer alone,I have a dog is part of me.
Firstly,I help the dog taken a bath and feed it to eat,then I go out for a walk with it.But the dog was afraid at first,it has been shaking,I squatted down,gently stroked it,told it doesn't be afraid,the dog seemed to accept me,no longer afraid,no longer trembling, and we play and running together.
This holiday is very meaningful,although I did not like the other students to go to work,travel....But I still very happy,because I also do the meaningful things,I learned how to take care of the dog,how to care for others.
To sum up,this is my holiday,very happy,very meaningful.And how was your vacation?Take with me!
With noise of a start of network called Milk Tea Girl enter the Tsinghua University; some educators worry about Chinese modern university is not purified.
Burton r. Clark in its work the higher education system-academic organization multinational research put forward modern higher education system is with three basic concept of value that is justice, ability and freedom.
"Modern higher education system to undertake a task, namely realize social justice and let everyone is fairly treated".
The higher education system in clark of social justice defined as a series of how to realize the equality and fairness.
For students, it includes some goal: equal entrance, equal opportunity, equal treatment; Academic achievement and awards, justice.
These goals has a complex effect, and a better than a difficult to achieve.
Clark discusses higher education system, internal various social justice issues facing the paradox of social justice, as well as with ability, freedom and other value between system conflict and compromise.
Emphasize a personal development and improvement; The University not only can help students' reading reasonably, but also more to improve training, quality and wisdom.
a university education for young people to form a philosophy and social values, to discover and understand the meaning of life and human society is of great value, is the spiritual home.
University is the place of the world to explore the unknown.
With curiosity of young people to explore the unknown and the teachers form community, everybody like-minded, and to meet in the curious promote people's development and social development, the function is the other social institutions cannot be replaced.
University is where young people contacts.
The university in all directions, with various cultural backgrounds, life experience and the experience of the students together, for young people to interact and learn from each other, and for every learners find different communication partners.
It's an opportunity to grow as a person can be very valuable wealth.
The university is to realize students' identity-to prepare the necessary work into identity.
University in help students form work need professional ability at the same time, help them complete their \"job preparation\", forming an individual employment \"configure the ability\" (individual in the job market to find opportunities to judge, seize the opportunity, and self realization of employment ability).
University students in the psychology of interpersonal communication, culture, and professional training, it is in order to such \"configuration ability\".
This is to promote students' transformation into \"professional people\" the socialization process.
-to help young people get the university he governed professional ability.
Higher education often decided to most people lifelong professional direction and professional field, it helps the student to form the specialization of labor ability, in this division of highly specialized social education has a key role, professional.
the university impossible be the daughter of civilization, though the land use the remaining food to feed the professors and students.
So The university must to teach peoples how to think, not a man should be taught to think.
And the best university around the world should be human brain is the essence of human feelings and become a treasure trove of age should be ,conscience and wisdom, but the light and dark.
With the level of education increasing nowadays, entering a college is easy, so that the number of undergraduate students is soaring.
It may imply that more and more students will obtain benefits.
However, behind this phenomenon a potential problem perhaps exists, a problem that students face a series of pressures, mainly from economic pressure, study pressure and employment pressure.
First, students are under financial pressure.
Though freshmen are readily admitted to universities, economic pressure doesn't relieve, still a heavy burden for someone.
For instance, a few students' families don't have sufficient capacity for affording full tuition, and expensive cost of living is also another difficulty.
They need to spend much time on part-time work, even though student loans can be got to help them proceed with studies.
Moreover, those who frequently complain that they're "in a financial crisis" are always the ones who squander their money.
Learning in college may also become pressure for students.
It is commonly said that the study burden of college students is somewhat lighter than middle school students, but most of us can't adapt to the freely learning method without control, failed in studies.
On the other hand, our society excessively emphasize study achievements, thus, we have no choice but to study diligently.
Furthermore, we should also study wholeheartedly to guarantee that we can pass all the final examinations each semester.
In addition, employment pressure exerted.
Competing with a good job is fierce in that the enormous numbers of graduates largely exceeds the demand of recruitment due to constantly the enrollment expansion of universities.
These days when graduates find satisfactory jobs have gone.
Meanwhile, many companies intend to employ experienced workers, yet we lack practice which universities seldom furnish.
Although in the fast-developing society we may confront inevitably so many pressures in college life, I'm convinced that as long as we adopt an optimistic attitude, we will cope with them perfectly and have a meaningful and memorable life experience.
According to the report , from 1990s to 2010s , there are more and more college students to do part-time jobs .
In my opinion , this phenomenon can be attributed to four general causes.
First of all , with the development of economy and technology , people's level of education is also more and more high , there are so many college students in our country that have no enough jobs when they gratuated , it become so difficult to get a good job .
Almost all the industries have made such a equest : experience is preferred , so many college students started to do part-time job when they are in school in order to get experience from it .
Scondly , nowadays , life is getting better , in the mean time , the temptation from scoiety are more and more ,for example , they want to buy beautiful clothes and shoes , or have a travel with friends and so on , they have to earn extra money by doing part-time job.
Thirdly , although the level of people's life is improved , part of the areas in China is still very poor , they need to earn tuition fees by doing part-time jobs .
Finally , what is known to all is that there is less learning time in university, they are free .
Some college students want to enrich their life by doing part-time jobs .
Nowadays, many people say the Spring Festival is more and more not 'hit'.And many others, I also think that everyone is not much feeling the New Year.
However, the Spring Festival was lively and colorful in my childhood.
Childhood New Year time for me, and not much fun, though by then full of flavor.
In the so-called taste is reflected in over a month before the beginning of the hustle and bustle.
Although not very old, I have and adults busy for the New Year.
Father was a very lazy person, siblings are small, as the eldest of four siblings, heavy labor will naturally fall on my mother's shoulders.
New Year New Year to be busy.
The New Year was all that hand-made their own homes.
Steamed rice cake, steamed bread, tofu, baked pancake, everything is deliberately, speaking simple, but it is a Road program, and some use the flatbed truck pulled into the mill ground into powder and then things started to do some and even that is pushing a little bit of grinding out stone, cumbersome and complex.
I was so busy with the mother behind, morning and afternoon,until the New Year's Eve to all live busy, then busy Zhawan Zi, fried peanuts, fried melon seeds.These activities are simple, all I am a person busy.
This is my childhood memories deep of the Spring Festival.
It made me a lifetime.
I also hope I can get such a good festival atmosphere again.
I always miss the childhood of New Year's time.
Miss, not because that was a lot of good New Year, may be just a nostalgic for it.
No.44/77 Is this available in white?
No.78/612 What is the discount price of this for orders of over 500 pieces?
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
The above picture illustrates that a boss who sat on the chair refused to adapt a innovative proposal proposed by a young man who standed on the side of the desk.What an unfortunate thing!The boss has not realized the power and importance of innovation,and the young man has not received what he really deserved.
Perhaps,we have not realized how important innovation is,but we have enjoyed its fruits and reaped the benefits of it.For instance,in the paleolithic age,human had just hunted game and picked edible wild herbs, while innovativelly planted crops which made human came into the neolithic age.What is more,innovation has made several new things came into our daily life,such as computer,Internet,vehicle and so on.Therefore,innovation is very important,it has made the science and technology's progress,it has facilitated the development of our modern society.
As far as I am concerned, our society would stop development and the whole human species would be extinct without innovation or embracing new things.So,we are supposed to encourage innovation and embrace new things,only in this way can our society develop continuously,and our life become better increasingly.
As a college student, campus life will often go to listen to some of the lecture.
I think, the lecture is very good.
For example, we can learn more knowledge, professional knowledge.
At the same time, through the fire safety, promote fire safety awareness.
In addition, also can be a very good understanding of the multiple perspectives analysis.
I think we college students should not delay their academic premise, actively listen to lectures, and constantly enrich themselves, broaden their horizons and knowledge.
Everyone attracted by beauty and is powerful.
Perhaps you can get the answer from the following story.
This morning I went to the market to buy some vegetables with my parents.
On the way we all highly praised a young man in western-style clothes and leather shoes who was riding by.
But he rode so fast that he knocked an old man down carelessly.
Instead of stopping, he pretended not to see this and rode away quickly.
We were all very angry with the young man.
To our happiness, a girl in plain dress ran forward at once, helped the lady up and took her home.
We all praised the girl.
From this we know we cannot judge a person by his appearance.
A person who is dressed beautifully may not have a beautiful soul.
Only a person who has a beautiful soul is really beautiful.
Beauty is around us.
If you keep an eye or pay some attention, it is never difficult to find something beautiful somewhere about you.
Wonderful natural spots, historical relics, fine arts, splendid buildings, and kind people are just a few inches away.
I'm an undergraduate whose name is LiHua, just finish my commencement .I knewn that your kindergarten want hire a kindergarten teacher from newpaper advertisemnet.
I'm an outgoing man, and outgoing is obvious for a teacher.
As you known, nothing can be compared with being volunteer who work in the noursing home to give the good my best service.
The owner of that organization think I do a really well job and be satisfaction about it.
From this things, you have to trust that I am good at keeping in with kids.
I know this job need patient and friendly enough and patient is not only necessary , but indispensable for a great job.
I really hope that you can give me more information.
I am looking forward to your reply.
Let me tell you something about Daming's holiday plan.
At half past eight he gets up and washes himself.At quarter to nine he has delicious breakfast.At nine he does his homework carefully.He does it with one and a half hours.Next he will do some exercises at the park near his home.He has delicious lunch at twelve.In the afternoon he has IT or English classes at one o'clock.He will finish them until three o'clock.During four to six he reads many different kinds of books.At half past six he has few meals for dinner.Then he searches information on the Internet or watches his favorite TV programs.At half past eight he puts things away.He goes to sleep at half past nine.
This is Daming's holiday plan.How about you?
There was a frantic gold rush in 1849.
Last year, it was universally acknowledged that Chinese Damas who were like the gold rushers flooded into the Wall Street to rush to buy the gold.
In addition, every year there are news reports of million dollar brides who wear the golden ornaments from head to foot.
In the ancient society, Chinese people used gold as money.
From then on, gold has been regarded as the symbol of wealth and power.
On one hand, owning gold means that people are able to support himself and his family by the use of gold.
On the other hand, someone that worn gold ornament used gold as the bragging rights to show how wealthy he was.
While others preserved gold ornaments as the memorials handing down from generation to generation.
In my view, the value of gold dependes on individual thought.
If you love gold, it means a lot to you.
If you don't like gold, it is just a stone but you can also have a happy life.
This is my pen.
This is my book.
This is my apple.
This is my dog.
This is my cat.
This is my orange.
This is my cup.
This is my map.
This is my ruler.
This is my jacket.
This is my quilt.
This is my sister.
This is my brother.
This is my father.
This is my aunt.
This is my mother.
This is my uncle.
This is my pig.
That is my map.
That is my cup.
That is my ruler.
That is my pen.
That is my orange.
That is my jacket.
That is my key.
That is my quilt.
That is my Englishbook.
That is my cat.
That is my dog.
That is my apple.
That is my sister.
That is my mother.
That is my father.
That is my brother.
That is my grandmother.
That is my grandfather.
That is my aunt.
That is my uncle.
That is my pig.
A common tradition among people is that women should not appear to be as smart as men.
Most people think that if women so as smart as or better than men, men will lose their faces.
While female who is tolerance,sincere and gentle will eventually lead to human growth of the next generation.
In daily life, women play an important role in work and rich and colorful life, so they should have the equal right.
Nowadays, girls can go to school, go out to work and even participate in government and political affairs.
Looking back upon 16th century, it is believed that women are only appendage of men's.
The misconception among human is the tradition that women should not appear to be as smart as men.
As is well known to us, in order that pick out the talented person from whole the world, it is necessary to make examination to a nation.
As far as I'm concerned, the formal examination is very important.
On the one hand, it as a parameter to improve nation's quality.
What's more, many of the people to pass it must have to work hard before the examination, and the low level people have access to raise from it.
And then, they can achieve their dream.
Maybe some people feel nervous to the formal examination, as they have an obvious intention to do it.
But we must have a right view to it.
On the other hand, because the formal examination is the key to their subsequent life, many of person make the most used of the recent technology to help themselves.
In a degree, the formal examination is not fair, but at no time and in no circumstance must we try our best to improve our capability to pass it.
In a word, the formal examination is necessary to a nation and also to us, we should face squarely to it and seize the chance to improve ourselves.
when I was a high school student, I always feel study is busy,there usually have many classes everyday including the weekends and also will arrange a great deal homeworklet us to do.
In most time,teachers always follow our learning courses,If we have some questions,we can go to office to ask them.In that time,we just have one goal,that is enter a good college,so we very care about our classes.
Since I become a university student,classes number is lower than high school,the professor will go after they achieve their courses.The homework is little,but I usuallycan not accomplish, here needs our indenpence on study,only can see teachers at counseling class at next time.
Thanks to your email,I will show my school days for you.I usually get up at 6 o'clock.I read English and then leave home at a half past six.I go to school by bus or by bike,The journey takes about 30 minutes.
At school, I chat with my friends.The first lesson starts at a half past seven.If it is Thursday,the first lessons is English.I like English very much,Because our teacher that teaches our English is cute and very interesting.I also like acdemic lessons very much.
I usually have dinner when I get home.Then I do my homework until I go to bed at around half past ten.
Holp you admitted to a good university.
As a junior, compared with myself three years ago, I have to say that college has affected my life tremendously.
I become more independent than ever before.
After entering college, there is no longer accompanies from my parents except the call.
I have to face all the problems and difficulties that come from my life and study on my own.
How to resolve these troubles and make my college life and study better and how to get along with my classmates and so on are things I have to handle.
With the help of my friends and professors, I become more and more independent.
Surely, I also become more responsible.
I know I do not live for myself only, I also live for my family, for all the people who love me authentically.
So I have to study hard and make great progress and get good achievement in my major, then I can find a good job with abundant salary and have a better life and pay back my parents well.
Above all, I become more confident.
As a result of growth surroundings,I was a self-contemptuous factually before.
I didn't have many friends and didn't like talking with others usually.
So the life before college for me was flat and simple.
Nevertheless, I am proud of myself now.
For through constant struggling I have made much achievement.
I no longer think I am inferior to others.
The belief in my heart is that I can do anything I want to do only if I endeavor.
Besides these, college has affected me in many aspects.
It has teached me how to be caring and how to think clearly and how to make a meaningful life.
All of these that college has taught me are precious treasures of my life.
In view of our company won a large export order, in order to have a good communication with importer,we decide to organize foreign language training for all the directors.
The courses will start from this week for 2 weeks.
In the library,everyone is very quiet.But one student Restrict Mobile Phone in the Library.
Because everyone need a quiet environment to study.
As the number of students who have mobile phones, I think mobile phone give me a lot of convenience.
One of the problems that have aroused students' attention is the use of mobile phone in the reading room of library.
And this phenomenon has become so common that you can always see someone using mobile phone whenever you go into the library.
There is no doubt that have no good effect.
On the one hand, students who use it cannot concentrate on reading book.
On the other hand, with the ringing of the phones and people's talking over the phone, students around them may be distracted from their reading as well.
If you have special circumstances must be use mobile phone.
First of all, whenever you enter the library, turn your mobile phone into the mode vibration .So as to avoid the disturbance of other students.
Second, if you do need to make a call or send or receive messages, you'd better go out of the reading room .
Nowadays,the mobile phone is more and more used in person's life.In the picture ,people are at a party,however they are playing their own mobile phone.There is no conversation ,no cause,but just play their own mobile phone.
Just now,it's a very common phenomenon,we don't speak with each other,but bow to play mobile phone at the party.It is not been achieved that the purpose of making the exchange through the party.As a converient tool for commmunication,the mobile phone is obviously not supposed to play a role.
As far as I am concerned,the mobile phone should be forbidden to use at the party,but it should be used to making a phone call.The party is a place where people are used to communicating.
Recently there is a hot debate on a report that a foreign design company invited by a little-known mountainous area in Guiyang came up with a design without taking the city's unique characteristics into consideration.
Some people speak highly of the bold innovation of the design.
But others don't like it.
I argue that any urban design should take account of the city's original cultural heritage.
It's reasonable for designers to provide design according to local conditions and make better use of the local resources.
It's understandable that the design company is eager to put modern element into Guiyang.
However, there indeed exist some disadvantages.
At least the design company can't ignore the regional characteristics on the ground that it's the symbol of a city.
In a mountainous area, it is obvious that too many unconventional, super-futuristic buildings will not be compatible with the city's landscapes.
Losing these beautiful scene, it's just another so called modern city composed of concrete and steel.
Refer to Manhattan of Big Apple, Pudong of Shanghai, they are actually the most typical sights projecting a skyline of a modern city.
I believe the answer is universally no.
A city's uniqueness is so valuable that the design company can't destroy it.
Without distinctive part, the city would lose a period of history, a cordial lifestyle, and even the city itself.
It can help a city economize a lot of money by suiting the design to local conditions and attempt to utilize the local resources.
This is of great importance to the small cities like this one in a mountainous area near Guiyang.
We all know that Guiyang is a relatively impoverished city.
In order to meet the demand of a central business distinct, huge funds must be poured into the construction of infrastructure system.
There is no doubt that it places a heavy burden on the mountainous area.
Without an integrated network of transportation, communication, water and medical facilities, all construction work will have to be started from scratch.
It's a good alternative to connect a city's culture with the various urban sectors to gain the maximum economic benefits.
With an increasing number of mortals being aware of the value of eco-friendliness, it's unwise to construct too many unconventional, super-futuristic buildings, since these buildings made especially of steel, concrete and other eco-unfriendly materials.
It's inevitable that the local environment will be polluted.
From what has been discussed, we can draw the conclusion that any urban design can't neglect the importance of the city's original cultural heritage.
otherwise it will pay the heavy price.
Our teacher takes measure to group cooperative learning this term.I think group cooperative learning have some advantages and some disadvantages.
Every coin has two sides,it's improve our team consciousness and friendship.Unlike in the past regardless of others but yourself.Let's go to study in the happiness amophorae.However,it have some shortcomings.The classroom discipline sometimes bad when our students is talking with each other.So,It's important for us to strengthen the consciousness of self-discipline.
I think group cooperative learning is good.
Interest is the best teacher .
So, we're responside for own education.I think it have to improve my English result.
Journey to the Centre of the Earth,an adaptation of the famous novel written by Verne,tells us an adventurous story which is full of positive energy.
Three partners met an opportunity to explore the centre of the earth,finding not only the secrets hidden underground but also the love and trust among them.
