What's more, it reduces occupation of land, some sustance in life is not easy to resolve, land is suffered severe erode.
Waste sorting can reduce a half rubbish besides the rabbish which is recoverable and not easy to resolve.
Waste sorting is a must, our society is a big family, we can't ruin it on our own hand.
From your side, do whatever you can do to beautify our home.
My favorite teacher is Ms Wu.
our English teacher .
We felt English very difficu it when we began to study English.
MS Wu have a good idea to solve the problem .
One day ,Ms Wu came into the classroom with some fruits , such as apples, baanas ,and oranges.
She said :''Today we are going to learn the names of thefruits.
All the students listened care fully and studied hard.Someone even stood up to answer questions .
Class was our , and the fruits were all eaten.
From then on, I am more and more interested in English.
The Dragon Boat Festival is one of the important national festivals in China and falls on the 5th day of the 5th lunar month.
There are many legends describing the evolution of the festival, the most popular being in commemoration of Qu Yuan.
He was a loyal courtier but finally opposed by aristocrats and later deposed and exiled by King Huai.Finally he finished his last poem and jumped into the Miluo River.After his death, the people gathered along the river to pay their respects, they threw zongzi and realgar wine into the river, hoping to protect Qu Yuan's body.
In my memory,the festival is a day to eat some delicious food.But in my hometown, we usually do not eat zongzi and drink realgar wine at that time.
We just put wormwood up the door and my mother will cook food for us.
That day was my happy day,we can eat,play with other childs,and now,The Dragon Boat Festival has become the national legal holiday.
I do not like the festival so much, but it is the traditional festival in our country,we should celebrate it.
As we know, the information is very important for everyone that we need keep it safe.
From my perspective, in the first place, we should pay attention to our personal information.
Not only do we not offer them at random in some strange websites, but we need to distinguish right from wrong among the numerous websites.
Furthermore, it is inevitable that some secure anti-virus soft wares can be installed.
And it will make it possible for that network can run more steadily.
In addition to doing some work by ourselves, the government needs to draw up some policies to preserve national cyber security.
It involves probing for deeply rooted reasons, devising creative solutions, developing high-tech talents and strengthening the supervision.
Information Security concerns a range of problems- information interception, loss, damage etc.
Business and military information leakage will have a devastating impact.
For the information owners and monitors, they must drive their efforts to enhance the security protection and maintenance.
For example, a strict control over the access to the secret data shouldn't be absent.
The network and software provider should take a set of tailored protection measures targeting different computer crimes.
The security issues should be also considered at the legislative level, so we are clamoring for a law designed to clamp down on various cyber crimes.
There is a common fact that no people think love is not important.All of us are starved for it.But most people have a wrong attitude towards love because they regard the matter of love primarily as that of being loved,rather than love others.Benjamin Franklin had given a smart piece of advice to all who are starved for love.If you would be loved,love and be lovable.The quotation illuminates the true meaning of love and gives us the way how to win love.
What is love?Not knowing much about it,I instinctively think love is something sweet but hard to grasp.It is a kind of mutual appeal and a kind of understanding each other.Most people fail to find the essence of love so they failed to know that there is nothing that needs to be learned about love.People think the problem of love is how to be loved.There is a wrong idea that a man who is powerful and rich or a woman who is tough and sexy will achieve the love of others.
How to win love?In my opinion,love requires our full attention.No pains,no gains.If we are starved for love,we should make it clear that it is important for us to love others.The first measure to take is to love the one who you love with your full heart.We should communicate with others so that we can have a good understanding of he or she.What we can do is to take good care of them.The second step to take is to make yourself good enough.We can cultivate kind character,good attitude and so on.In a word,we must try our best to love and be lovable.
Nowadays ,using e-book is becoming more and more popular in the modern society.
You can see it no matter where you go .There's a dramatic increase in the number of people who will prefer to it rather than the traditional book .In this essay I will discuss this phenomenon and offer my own view on it .
Many people believe that e-book is more convenient and easy to carry ,apart from that you can also download whatever you like .Others hold the different views on it ,comparing with the e-book ,traditional book will do no harm to our eyes and it's a easy way to acquire knowledge.
As far as I'm concerned, I firmly agree with the former point of view ,as we all know the world is changing more and more faster ,e-book is not only protect the environment but also more suitable for the people in the modern society .Meanwhile I do believe that e-book will still take the place of the traditional ones in the future.
Time flies so fast.We graduated from High School and were admitted to University.
High School time is very memorable to me.Unider the help of my English teacher,I have learnt a large number of English words in these three years.Now,let me introduce my High School English teacher.She is a very good teacher named Sue.She is a firm, happy,independence woman.As far as I am concerned, she is not only an English teacher but also an all-around person.She often tells us the latest news happens in the worldwide to let us keep in pace with the world.
University Study is very interesting to me.To be honest,I used to wish my University English teacher were a very handsome and interesting foreign man whose mother tongue is English.I also wished that my English teacher had have classes outdoor and associate learning with play.Totally,I think University English teacher should be friendly,interesting,talkative,fashionable and warm.
I want to learn a lot from University English Study.Firstly,I want to learn written English and oral English to pass final exams.Secondly,I want to communicate with foreigners frequently,so I want to learn foreigners' everyday English.
Last but not least,I want to learn English which is useful for our future work.
Thanks a lot.
Nowadays , it is a controversial issue in education that whether students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teachers.
Some people believe that it is an appropriate method of improving educational quality continuously, while others think that this kind of behavior would cause the disappearance of the respect and discipline in the classroom.
Weighing up these two views discussed above, I am in favor of the former one.
There are several reasons for it .
In the first place, students' evaluation can help teachers improve their teaching skills.
Because it becomes easier for teachers to realize their advantages and disadvantages by receiving accurate and objective assessments.
In the second place, there is no denying that we should pay attention to student's entity in the educational activities.
Thus they deserve the opportunities to evaluate their own teachers and tell them.
Last but not at least, it is an effective way to strengthen connection between the educators and students.
In conclusion, students ought to be inspired to make comments on their teachers because it can do much good to the teaching activities.
And in modern educational system, we should leave more space for conducts like this.
Maybe everyone of us has considered what kind of lover we should have.
In fact, different people have different opinions.
Some like beautiful ones, some like gentle ones, some may like lovely ones.
While, there are no standers for that.
In my opinion, in a family, a person that likes the hare is playing a very important role.
She was so kindly and took care of the hunter by heart.
Maybe their life is boring, but that was the true life would be last forever.
The hare read and understood the hunter's mind, so she left.
I think she was so selfless and her love is admirable.
Maybe the hare would go other place to live her own life, maybe she would met another person and treat him well like the hunter.
Although the hunter felt very frustrated, he fell in love with others sooner.
Maybe some years later, the hunter will miss the hare and their previous life, but those had all passed.
To us, we must value the people who love us, don't take their care for granted, or, we will be regret someday.
The writing class last week, we learned about some of the western wedding custom and characteristics.
It makes me understand the western wedding there are some differences with the Chinese wedding .
First of all, it is not like Chinese wedding, lively and ostentation and extravagance.Secondly, the scale is not as big as China's wedding.The characteristics of the western wedding is romantic, warm and sweet.
Some similarities between eastern and western wedding, for example, there are people in charge, there are both sides of the family members and blessing.
These are my last week in the understanding of western wedding class and experience.
In general, the knowledge can be divided into two types: natural knowledge and social knowledge.
Science and math are the important component of former, while art and literature are essential parts of the latter.
In my opinion, both of these are very important to any individual.
First, only complete knowledge can make a really knowledgeable man.
We know that the world consists of not only the object studied by the subject like science and math, such as stars and flowers, but also consists of the beautiful and attractive things such as poems, paintings, which is studied by the subjects like art and literature.
Lack of knowledge will lead to an incomplete view about the world.
Secondly, the study subjects like art and literature are helpful for the development of subjects like science and math.
There are some rules that given both types of subject, the master of one subject may be beneficial to the development of another subject.
It is because of this reason that many great people are great artists as well as a scientist.
It is known that Einstein played well in violin while he is acknowledged as a great physicist.
It is believed by some people that grasp both types of knowledge is essential for anyone wish to be successful in the new millennium.
Of course, the study of science and math is very important.
It is the study of them produces our modern society.
However, an additional master of art and literature will make our life more colorful, and even more successful.
The pressure of students is growing for the past few years.parents always urge students to study hard and spend a lot of money on hire the teacher to teach their children.These all results in students have so much homework to do.They are so tired that they can't concentrate in class.
With the competition becoming fiercer and fiercer ,some people think putting competition into education is necessary but other people don't agree with them .
Nowadays competition and wider ,which covers sporty ,job and education ...Ail of us in the society must be faced with competition.On the one hand competition is good for our development .Because we can learn more from who have the competition with you, be adult after failing over and over again ,and be more confident by overcoming many difficulties ,But one the other hand,failing in the competition may become a hit for someone whose heart isn't strong enough ,or even kill him or her.
To tell the truth,I dislike when people refer to competition.Because maybe one day ,you hare to compete with your best due to a little benefit .
As an old saying goes: every coin has two sides.It is obvious that music also has two sides especially popular music.
What is known to all is that most young people are fond of pop music such as rock music and jazz,they may consider it is different from other boring music.
Nevertheless in our parent's eyes they may regard rock music is ridiculous.
We are totally puzzled by these two types of condition.The thing result in this may be what we called generation gap.Exactly speaking,young people like fresh and special things while their parents like old things.There is no doubt that many conflicts will happen as a result family relationships will be worse and so on.
Just like music,parents like country music because of they thought it is quiet and peaceful.Of course,country music is close to our life.Nonetheless,young people thought country music is out of date and lack of movement.They will quarrel with each other therefore the arguments will be deeper and deeper.
As far as I am concerned,if only we make more comprehension between parents and children our relationship will turn better and better.To be honest music is just one aspect of generation gap,what we really need to do is communicating more and more with each other.
The quantity of LENOVO which we sold rise highly this year.
We can see clearly from the data.
Our pre-tax income improve 475%, with higher sales, comparing with the last year.
On the other hand, the investment of operation expenses keep lower by 12.4%.
At the same time,with the best innovation the operation expenses decreased gradually.
From all these data we could know if our company want to make more profits, we need sale more and get good co-operations with other firms.
Mr Kolin is one of them.And this time we have to pay 1000 dollars for their company because a trouble, at the same time in order to do the next co-operation and make profits.
Our team hopes that we could receive more support from our company next year.
Both money and human.
So that we could reach another higher level.
I like the school playground, because it has a basketball court, football field, can make our exercise, but also in the tension of the learning process, relax.
Lay in the green grass, looking at the blue sky, listening to the laughter, of the other students in the playground is a taste.
And I also like playing basketball, so as long as there is time will be to the playground to play basketball or watch them play.
Sometimes you can see a thrilling game, sensory nerve is tight, so the school playground is one of my favorite places.
Perhaps curtilage in Japan is a derogatory term, more refers to a way of life of human contact with obstacles (there are explicit implicit).
But the symbol of the beginning of a new culture in China, to a certain extent, it is a popular way of life of modern urban white-collar workers, for may be due to the realistic disappointment, make its more inclined to loneliness and silence, choose one house up do you want to do some things, and, as the economic development of The Times, the trend will be intensified.
We can not deny the fact that a new way of life, it is not a mental disorder in China, or fear of social person, etc.
Thank you for your letter of Mar 8.
We are pleased to inform you that your goods under No.J-29 Sales Confirmation have been shipped per S.S.Pearl and will be transshipped into S.S.Mayflower in Hong Kong.
This term will be agerred in CFR price.
We have sent your shipping advice by fax in Mar 15,2013.Please arrange the relative insurence and get ready to pick up the goods.
With the development of the society,some big cities of china ,especially Beijing,have been involved with a serious problem-the car pollution.
The phenomenon has been so serious that it has come to people' attention.
The more people drive,the more poisonous gases will be released into the atmosphere.These harmful gases pollute our environment and threaten people'health.What's more,there are so many traffic jams due to the numerous cars.Thus,people have to spend time waiting.It's monotonous.
In order to improve the living conditions,a suggestion has been put up that people should drive one day less every month.
As far as I'm concerned,it's better for one to work by bus ir by underground,if he doesn't have something emergency.The government and organizations should arouse people'awareness of environmental protection through all kinds of activities.Only everybody has realized the serious problem and decided to drive less, can we beautify our life and surroundings and lead a wonderful life!
My favourite Place at the School is the reading room because it is very big and bright.
There are also a lot of useful books, newspapers and magazine there.
I like reading books and magazines there.
Because they not only provide me with mach knowledge, but also help me learn a lot of about what is happening around the word.
I can also relax myself in the reading room.
When I feel tired and unhappy,the reading room is the best place to go to.Reading helps me forget all my troubles.
In a word, reading room is the place I like best.
In my hometown, there is a tradition that every family would keep-making dumplings.
We usually make dumplings on the last day of the lunar calendar and eat them on the New Year's Eve.
I thought making dumpings is interesting.So I decide to learn it from my mother.
We first roll the dough into pieces and prepare the stuffing.
And then we make dumplings.
There is an important thing need to do at this time.
That is we usually put coins into some dumplings.
That people who eat the dumplings with a coin in it will get the best wishes for the next year.
The final step is boiling the dumplings.
And the way to make dumplings is so easy that I can learn it in a moment.At this time, all people are waiting for the dumplings.
Of course,it's the best New Year's Eve dinner.
Most of year time we are life in school,there are a lot of interesting thing.Let me introduction school day.
We must arrive before half past seven in the classroom.So teachers do.If we can not in the classroom in time.We will stand side of classroom door.There are nine class in a day.In monday,we have Math,English,art,Chemistry,Chinese,two self-study at night.The most important thing is we have a weekly meeting.
Iusually do my homework When I get home from school.And I have dinner .If I finish it is quickly.I will watch TV until I go to bed at around half past ten.
That my general day life,it very homeliness.Not rich,but I am live happy.
Overall,I can't agree with that you can do something without self-confident.I wold like to begin by pointing out that"self-confident as education,we should pay attention to it when we were a child".Some famous believe that education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper on your self-confident.As you know,self-confident is an admirable thing,but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
In many ways,it is a sight from the start and the end of your life.Moreover,some individuals assert that self-confident relies totally on your parents and your education.Neverless,I would be hard-pressed to imagine how the method to be succeeded will reach their ends without active individual involvement.Quite ironic is that on the one hand some people wisely think self-confident is by our parents.In other words, they can't get a clear perspective of self-confidence.Self-confident is a mean that can help you success.If you want to be self-confident,you should know some information of it before you do it.It is a good way to be self-confident.Meanwhile,you should read some books about successful man.
In conclusion,without self-confident that all things are not necessarily goods.
I think it is the most important part for every one in our daily life.It is a good beginning of the thing when you encounter problems or you take an examination.Self-confident is the cornerstone of the successful life,in many ways,to try to keep traditions alive with self-confident.In my point of view,if you want to deal with it,you should be able to be confident.If you want to success,you should know some results about it.In sum,you can't do anything without self-confidence.
We all know that water is precious.
Without water, human can not survive.
Earth's water is limited, and more water available for human use is limited.
In the case of limited water resources, human do not value water,but a waste water.
So water shortage is becoming an urgent problem .
I think there are reasons for the shortage of water resources caused by the following points .
First, man has no awareness of water conservation .
They believe that water is endless .
So they waste water .
Second, with the development of technology, there are many factories set up .
Plants for their own interests, at the waste water discharged into the river, causing water pollution .
Third, because the people of deforestation, soil erosion as early as .
If we do not take actions to protect water,we will disappear.
So,we should protect water.
we should plant more trees, we should let people enhance the awareness of water conservation.
I think if we all protect water,our earth will become beautiful.
Everyone is eager to have perfect love and happy marriage.
However,it's always a dream.
In today's society,there are still a lot of divorces,and their reasons are not identical.
Now,love is becoming more and more complicated.
What is the key to a happy marriage,it's not simple to say clearly.
People say that falling in love is the answer.
Respect is the key when it comes to selecting the one to spend your life with.
Marriage is important in choosing the right person,but to some extent,let's not overlook the fact that those hearts fluttering moments when somebody through the door wont last forever.
Fall in love at first sight may not last forever,but as long as the mutual respect is still there,you should be happy.
Respect takes some kinds of compromise.
Some of one's fantasies,some of one's legitimate desires have to be given up for the value of the marriage itself.
Respect means imagining what the other wants or what he or she needs or feels.
A good marriage means growing as a couple but also growing as individuals.
The key to gaining respect from other people is having self-respect.
If he falls in love with you for who you really are,then you will have no problem maintaining that mutual respect throughout the rest of the relationship between both of you.
This will be the most important key to a happy marriage.
Hi!Everyone!I'm X form Y Middle School.In this particular contest,I was glad to have won the first prize in this contest.And now I'm also glad to share my experience about learning.For example,you can take part in the school English conrner,and you can learn some new English words.It's also a good way to keep a diary every day.It's very useful to improve your English skill.And if you have enough time,you can find the website about Enjoy Reading.You can practice English with your pen pal on this Internet and writing down your English articles.I hope these experience can help you to improve your English skll.Good luck!
As is vividly shown in the photo, with the speedy economic and social development the culture becomes international.
There is an American girl who is in a Chinese traditional consume, including a beautiful hat, earrings and a colorful coat.
With the lovely smiling, she is so appealing.
The purpose of the picture is to show us an increasing tendency to culture blending.
Owing to it, the number of foreigners interested in Chinese traditional culture has obviously risen.
On the contrary, there are lots of teenagers crazily worshiping western culture blindly, but ignoring the traditional.
Therefore, it is imperative for us to take effective measures.
For one thing, we should appeal to our authorities to guide people in developing a fully comprehension of our tradition culture, as well as preserving and cherishing it.
For another, we should enhance the awareness of the adolescents that developing a correct outlook towards world and life is vital to us.
Only in this way can we benefit from the multi-culture.
Also, I believe that the cultural integration will boost not only the economic but also world peace and prosperity.
Wherever in the world, the idea of what is a healthy family varied widely in different areas and period.For instance,we all think that love is the most important link within a family.
In my opinion,a healthy family is not only a system of shaving responsibility,but also a system of individual freedom.We should not only respects for each other's privacy,but also makes every member understand each other' circumstances.
There are five points about what's a healthy family.First,a system of sharing responsibility.The couple should take on the family's responsibility together.Women have been in an unfavorable position for so many years in marriage,and husbands always think it is natural for women to stay at housework alone,such as cooking,cleaning and taking care of children.This is unfair for women.Second,respect for each other's privacy,the couples should respect each other and leave space for each other's privacy.Though they are couples,each other have rights to protect their own secret.Thirdly,the ability to bring quarrels to a quick and satisfying conclusion,When there is a quarrel,the husband should yield to his wife firstly.This show is a spirit of a real man to be tolerant.The most effective way is to be out for a while and then make explanation to the wife.Fourth,clear parental guideline on right and wrong.Parents is children's important teacher, and parent's behavior may affect children.Nowadays many children complain that their parents are too strict with them and demand too much of them.So clear parental guidelines is very important.The last one is easy interaction among family members.The family as a group,is more powerful.So,members in a healthy family must respect and help each other,and communicate each other often.
A family is a smallest unit in society.The roots of many social problems are within the families.So a healthy family not only is good for every member of hers,but makes a valuable contribution to the social harmony.
With the development of society, we should be highly qualified people, but we always meet a variety of immoral behaviors in public.
For example, scrawling.
Ditch class and littering etc.
As for me, last year, I went home by train at night.
Most people were sleeping.at the moment, a person spoke loudly and turned on music.
Everyone was annoyed.
Immoral behavior in public is disrespect for others.
It leads to many different influences.
Firstly, if someone refuse to give his seat to the old and young, pregnant women, probably they will be falling or be injured.
Second, we will delay our scheduling, if someone cuts in line in front of us.
In addition, the immoral behavior such as smoking and drunk driving may bring on serious consequences.
So from what has been discussed, one can reach only this conclusion that immoral behavior in public should be forbid.
On the one hand, people should set up a socialism honor versus dishonor view, becoming a man of ethic and quality.
On the other hand, strengthening moral education and making greater efforts to publicize and expand social impact.
Meanwhile, taking some measures to penalize uncivilized behaviors.
As a result, if a person wants to win the respect of the people and contribute more to people's benefits, he must have good ethics.
So being a handsome person, which makes our life more enjoyable and beautiful.
Today my roommate is very excited, because there is going to be a football match this evening and his favourite team will take part in this competition.
In the evening, my roommate is watching the competition on the Internet.
He is cheering for his favourite team while he is watching the play.
At this moment I am going over the lessons and his voice is too loud, so it is affecting me and I am very angry.
Then I still let him turn down the volume, and little point in the sound.
At last ,he agreed to my advice and apologized to me.
There is no doubt that we have entered a digital age.
With the rapid development of science and technology, more and more digital products are widely used in everyday life.
As far as I'm concerned, digital products are playing a crucial role in our work and study.
With the help of cameras, we can take as many photos as we like.
In addition, we can delete those pictures we dislike without worrying about waste of film.
With respect to E-book,it is convenient for us to read whatever stories at any time we like.
However,just as every coin has two sides,digital products may also have a negative influence on us.For instance,some people are becoming too dependent on digital products.Nowadays some students even can't concentrate on studying.They always wearing their MP4 and playing the mobile phone.
In brief,I believe that digital products have more and more advantages than disadvantages.Therefore,We should make reasonable use of them.
In the modern day people are increasingly being aware of the importance of health.And there is no doubt that everyone wants to have a good body.But only a few people know the correlation between the activity of a person and the presence and absence of certain health problems.
Everything has its limitation.Our body is the same.If we work around the clock for a long time,we will get sick.In addition, if we don't get proper exercise, the final result will be obesity.Therefore, a healthy lifestyle is a guarantee of a good body.
A healthy lifestyle includes a good diet, getting enough sleep and doing an appropriate amount of exercise.There is a saying goes that an apple a day keeps doctor away.What's more,we must eat breakfast daily.Enough sleep is very important too.It can make you energetic.Physical exercise contributes to our metabolic system.You can go for a jog,join the health club,or join an athletic squad.
As long as an individual take the effort to keep a healthy lifestyle,he will be healthy both in mental and physical.
My favourite teacher is Ms Bai.She is a chemistry teacher.
They say that first impressions are very important.when i first meet her,i think that she is so beautiful and fridenly.It was the first lesson with us,she introduced herself to us.It is important for us to better understand her.After a week,she is already popular.Because Ms Bai's method of teachering is very interesting.when we get into trouble,Ms Bai teach us solution method instead of answeras so that we can get good marks in chemistry.During scientific experiments,she explains excatly what is happening and as a result.She often cited examples in order to us can understand better.She tells jokes when she think we are getting bored.The reason is why i like her.
Remember once,i get bad marks.I felt so sad.She made a conversation with me.I think she might criticize me,but she gave me comfort and encourage.She said she can help me solution my problem.I am grateful her.This is my favourite teacher Ms Bai.
With the development of th education,classroom activities have became various.Students have more choices to mak full of their after-school life.
Some studnts would like to study on their own,they think study is very important for themselves.When they are studying,they want to a quiet environment which could be beneficial to their study.However other students prefer to study in a group.They think studying in a group can make students learn more efficient and if they have some questions ,they can get answers form other students.
Form my point of view,it is very necessary for us to study in a group.When we study on our own,we could be bored.Studying a group can make study funner,it can raise students' enthusiasm of study.During the communication of classmates,we can find some questions which we ignorned and make relationship of classmates more friendly.Studying a group will benefit us in a long term.
I sincerely invite you to join our outdoor activity which is to be held by Student Union at GuangMing Farm,situated 2 kilometres away.As it's really a good chance for us who lead a busy city life to make some change,we are really looking forward to geting close to natures by means of planting vegetables,watering flowers,picking up fruit and so on.Moreover,we can take exercise which we are lack of in the meantime.We will get together at the school gate at 7:30 and start at 8:00.It will last till 11:00.We all hope to see you then.
Now, our daily life is more and more diversified.
We can buy anything from anywhere.
You can't buy, only you unexpected.
And our life is convenient.
In our life, we can see high technology from anytime and anywhere.
In the past, our economic is poverty, we have no light, no car, no computer, and so on.
I think it is very hard to live, but our ancestor still lived very well.
Now, there have more and more high technology in our daily life.
Such as, we can see anything in the evening under the light; can take a taxi go anywhere I want to go; can play computer games on the internet that is very fun.
Its make our life become easy.
Nowadays, we can wear good-looking closes, eat different kinds of food, go to any beautiful place to travel, and so on.
We have various forms of entertainment.
We become happiness.
Generally speaking, people in the times of all have their own entertainment, just different requirements for each other.
Let ue take the social progress, make our country more powerful and rich.
I have got a idol called Jackie Chen .He is very successful in each film.And he works in each film .They are all my favourite films.I am very admire Jackie Chen because he is cool and try his best on all of his woks .
One of single most essential people in my life is my father.
With his concern ,I can always depend on him .
When I were a kid, my father tried his best to spend time accompanying me ,doing exercises, walking ,swimming and reading, though he was occupied with his business.
Once we completed reading a book and wrote a comment on the book together.
My father showed me how to enjoy reading.
Now, I am a college student, away from home.
I still keep in touch with my father online ,sending email to discuss my trouble.
For example ,last week ,I quarreled with my best friend.My father told me how to break ice between us.
I extremely appreciate for whatever my father has done for me.
It's great to depend on father for help.
However, I still expect to manage my life independently.
One day, when C.J Walker made up herself in front of mirror, she found out that her hair became less and less.
She looked sadly at it and worried about how to do.
Then, she took many medicines that they didn't work.
At night, when she was asleep, a man who came to her mind and showed her some plants which could help her.
The next day, she waked up early and hurried to find out the plants.
She tried it and hoped the dream could come true.
Three days later, her hair grew faster and became as beautiful as before.
In now society,people who have morality is needed.So,in addition to cultivating students how to learn,the school should make students learn morality,for giving parent,honesty,being loyal to friends and so on.
Many schools have trouble in education,because they only cultivate students' ability on face,ignore the education of morality so that the students become imperfect.
I think that school should pay attention to morality education.School should usually organize students to social practice to improve students' practical ability.For example,organize students to care for the old man who don't have people care for them or go to street to pick up trash to make our environment more beautiful.
Our student should increase our own self-cultivation.Only if can we become a perfect person.
I totally agree for this course to end inn the UK.
Is has been a long time that men and women were treated unequally.
Only recently it has become more and more equal.
I think it is interesting to learn the details on women's studies or on feminism, but the truth is there are rare jobs that are related to this course .
Nowadays, unpopular courses like this, I think it will not help the graduated students to earn stable income.
It would be better if they stop this course and rather use the money on some other courses that are more useful.
For example, spend the money on medical appliances in medical courses.
Since the course is thriving in India and Iran, if someone is really interested in it, they can consider to study abroad.
Surely the facilities over there would be better because it is more popular than in the UK.
If they have financial difficulties, they can still study in UK with courses that are a bit related to women's studies.
For example, feminism in literature courses.
I am sure that to most people, to study something that someone is not so much interested in but has a stable job after graduation is more important than study something that someone is really interested in but cannot find a job later on.
Since on 1th January 2011, Chinese government had decided to stop smoking in the Chinese public places.
The government's target was no smoking in the indoor public places, for this purpose, some public places had been posted the no smoking's sign.
The survey indicated that about 350 million people smoking, besides, 75%of them was men, 25%of them was women.
In addition, the number of people who were affected by second-hand smoke was about 540 million.
what's worst, the number of deaths died for the second-hand smoke was more than 10 thousand each year.
Hi.How are you?
You must be very excited becoming a college student.
Being a fresh man means a new starting point and we should enrich our connotation,broaden our horizons.
Therefore, we should read more books during colloge life.
We can read poems imaging we were at that time and experiencing the things.
We can read novel such as detective novel , science fiction , love story .
We can think if we were writers how could we organize the plot which makes us strict.We can read history and find out the mysteries.
Of course , we shuold read books according our interests.
In a word , we should take our free time to read as many books as we can not only to learn more on the knowledge but also improve our qualities.
Let's read books and become excellent college students.
today,we watched a video about those people who suffer from AIDS in the class.I felt very upset after saw it and I think they are so unfortunately because people do not want to make friends with them.Thier family also do not take care of them.
They are so unfortunately,so I think we should give them some help.For example,we can talk with them and shake hands with them.
Today in China most people are smoking include young people.All people know smoking is an unfavorable convention.It is unfavorable for our health.Why do them do it?Someone supposes it is a popularity.They employ the most money to buy the cigarette.Someone claim it can help them become a bit positive when they are in trouble.And someone smokes when they do not have something to do.
Young people smoke in that study or popularity.For their health is bad.
I disagree that smoking.As far as I am concerned that smoke is bad for us and our friend.
Today many people psychological are unhealthy.
We're so busy every day that we don't pay much attention to our psychologically healthy.
But it is very important for us to keep psychologically healthy.
How to keep psychologically healthy becomes more and more important.
We know,psychologically problem aways lead to some disease.People mental unhealthy because of work pressure big, or long time too depressive mood.
Sure,character too introversive also cause psychologically unhealthy.
In my opinion,we should actively participate in beneficial activities,relax mood and keep mood joyful.
In this way can we keep psychologically healthy.
Nowadays, lots of people live in the city.
But some other people still like to live in the country.
Some person like living in the city because the city life has many advantages.Living in a city can offer easy access to job, shopping and entertainment.Life there is more colorful and meaningful than that in the country, and there are more modern conveniences in cities for us to enjoy.By the way,the traffic is convenient in the city.People can go anywhere they want by public traffic,taxis, buses, subways and so on.The most important part is the medical treatment is much better to the country.
But others go for to live in the country.
First, country is close to the outdoors.They say life in the countryside is closer to nature and better for their health.Life there is quieter and country people are more honest than city people.
Second, it is far away from the noise and air pollution and traffic jams of the city.Families that live in the country have the benefit over crowded cities and industrial areas of having clean air.Third, the cost of living is low there, they do not need to spend too much every month.
So most persons are fed up with the life in the city.
Of course, both the city and the country have their disadvantages.
As for the city, there is pollution, noise and heavy traffic.
And as far as the country is concerned, its transportation, delayed news always make people feel terrible.
For me, I would like to live in the city when I am young.And living in the countryside when I am old.I think it is a trend that the people will migrate from the city to the country.
Everyone knows, Wang Zhizhi is a very hard-working player.
And he never give up.
And he has many achievements.
So he is remembered for everyone.
In 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, he didn't let us down.
In half past the game,he get score without difficulty.
But soon they are in trouble.
In the end of the race, they are very tired.
So their opponent get score.
At that time, When others didn't know what to do, he tried to move fast.
and helped his teammates throw balls into the basket successfully.
It hepled Chinese win the match.
In this way, Wang Zhizhi is good for us to learn.
In my opinion, Wang Zhizhi is hard-working man.
He trained himself a lot and helped his teammates get the gold medals.
Spring festival is in January or February,we have a seven-day holiday.
There is a traditional dinner with jiaozi among family.
We usually watch a special TV programme to wait for spring festival.
As soon as it is 12 o' clock.
We shout loudly,"happy spring festival" and set off firework.
In the morning of spring festival,we get up early to visit friend.
I think spring festival is a time for us to say goodbye to the old year and to welcome the new year and to welcome the new.
Music has a lot of kinds, such as light music, rock, and classical music.
Music is an artist; it interprets people's mood and emotion.
Now more and more people get into the music scene.
It shows that music is more and more important for people.
I like music.
And sometimes only music knows my mood; only music can give me comfort.
And I know little about Chinese music by the Internet.
Generally speaking, there are two kinds of music traditions - classical and folk.
Music from the "classical tradition" refers to art music or "sophisticated" music composed by scholars and literati in China's historical past.
Chinese classical music often has thematic, poetic or philosophical associations and is typically played solo, on instruments such as the qin, 7-string zither with over 3000 years of well-documented history, or the pipa, a lute with over 2000 years of history.
Traditional music in the classical sense is intimately linked to poetry and to various forms of lyric drama, and is more or less poetry without words.
In the same manner as poetry, music sets out to express human feelings, soothe suffering and bring spiritual elevation.
The instruments demand not only a mastery of technique but a high degree of sensitivity to evoke the subtle sonorities and deep emotional expression that rely very much on the left hand techniques, where synchronized ensemble playing is virtually impossible without losing certain subtlety.
This type of music has come down to us as an oral tradition from masters to students, although written scores that combine numbers and symbols representing pitch and finger techniques respectively have been in use for nearly two thousand years.
For instance, the earliest scores for guqin we still have today were from the third century.
However it is almost impossible to play directly from the score without first having learnt from a master.
In traditional China, most well-educated people and monks could play classical music as a means of self-cultivation, meditation, soul purification and spiritual elevation, union with nature, identification with the values of past sages, and communication with divine beings or with friends and lovers.
They would never perform in public, or for commercial purposes, as they would never allow themselves to be called "professional musicians".
This was in part to keep a distance from the entertainment industry where performing artists used to be among the lowest in social status .
In fact, masters of classical music had their own profession as scholars and officers, and would consider it shameful if they had to make a living from music.
They played music for themselves, or for their.
Up to the beginning of the twentieth century, classical music had always belonged to elite society and it was not popular among ordinary people.
Today it is really for everybody who enjoys it, and professional musicians playing Chinese classical music are as common as elsewhere in the world.
However, it is still rare to hear classical music in concert halls due to the influence of the so-called "Cultural Revolution" (1966-1976), when all classical music was deemed to be "bourgeois" and outlawed, and the spiritual side of traditional arts was "washed out" through the "revolutionary" ideology.
As well, the influence of modern pop culture since the 1980s has had a negative impact on the popularity of classical music performances.
In recent years,on excessive packaging become a kind of staly.face to this serious poblem what should we do?
All we know, conkelose let's us beaty,ring let our hand more long,meanwhile,packaging also let a averiety of gifts expensiver.soa numerber of people choose on excessive packaging however, on excesasive packaging might to lead enterment pollution or shoper suppose improve shop's charge as well.
Everything as acion have to two besides, packaging shop yet can let some gifts the moer good so we are can't reject packaging .
All in all, we are should to sure saw everything.
There is a general debate nowadays about the issue of the homeless people in the word,coupled with more and more homeless problem in many county's .As a matter of fact that getting worse every year .There millions of the homeless wondering on the streets.
We must hear a prominent marchen named The Little Matchgirl in our childhood.In this story we should make out the little girl is homeless person too.So we can imagine that homeless people either haven't a snug.Not only they don't have a house to protect,but also have inadequate for comestible,clothes,clean water and the like.In addition to these,we can wise that homeless people just like us,they also have father,mather,and maybe someone have kids.Though they don't have a house, they also have their family.Occasionally we can't imagine how they feed their children,how to get foods and what their foods look like.
It is undeniable that this is on doubt that people should have sympathy for the homeless because many of them suffer from unfortunate and need assistance.Start with short term help-provide food and clothes or clean water.And as you get participation,start thinking of ways to help with the long term needs.
Nowadays, excessive packaging is becoming more and more serious, which causes many problems, such as waste and pollution.
As far as I know, causing excessive packaging can be as follows.
First, in order to get more profits, some sellers prefer to pack the product more beautiful, and it really can attract a lot of customers.
Secondly, some products just like china, they will be broken easily if the sellers do not take good care of them.
Thirdly, a great number of customers believe that if a product is in a good quality, it will be packed carefully; otherwise, they think it must be a bad quality product.
On my opinion, excessive packaging is causing not only waste but also pollution.
On the one hand, I believe that what really attracts people is the quality of the product instead of the beautiful surface.
On the other hand, most of the products are packed by plastics.
As we know, plastics are the most important factor that leads to increasingly serious pollution.
I hope the sellers earn trust by the good quality of the product instead of the excessive packaging.
My ideal university is beautiful but cruel.
In the one hand, due to I am a shy girl, my language power of expression and communication ability is poor,so I hope to become lively and cheerful in the university, Not only Broaden my horizons, but exercise my ability.
let me faster integration into the society, And to learn how to communicate with people and express my idea.
On the other hand, I think the society is cruel, I'm afraid there is no real friendship between people and is full of struggle and interests.
I want to change, I want to do better, This is my college dream.
I want to learn how to survive in this minor society, In order to enter major society.
In our daily life, immoral behaviors in public are everywhere.
One finds people spitting on overpassed, washing feet in hand washing sink, and violating the traffic regulations.
I also have an experience.
Last summer, I went to a park with my little nephew.
When we went into the park a moment and I lost my nephew, I am so worried about him that I can't help calling his name loudly.
Nonetheless, fortunately, I found him.
However, there is a bad influence that we at public, he always loudly speaks to others after that losting thing.
Immoral behaviors in public bring about a series of problems.
First of all, one of the most serious ones is that it may exert a negative impact to our sense of social responsibility.
In addition, if we will keep ignoring other people's feelings.
We, in turn, will be disrespected some day.
As far as I am concerned, to get rid of this phenomenon is certainly not easy.
So, we should take a series of measures.
I propose that we should punish those people who fail to the common sense.
What's more, stricter policies for this should be made to this phenomenon as soon as possible.
On the whole, wherever we are, whatever we do, we ought to try our best to and supervise stopping these immoral behaviors.
Today, online shopping is becoming more and more popular.
Online shopping has many advantages: Firstly, very convenient, have to personally go to shopping malls, lift a finger can be done.
Secondly, we have saved time and energy to do other things.
Thirdly,the price cheaper.Forth,the widest range of goods.
But everything has two sides, online shopping is good, but also has the disadvantage:quality of commodity can not be guaranteed,clothes not try, return goods inconvenience.
In my opinion, I do not like to buy things on the internet.
But some small goods will buy on the net.At the same time, I think we should be more careful when we shop on the Internet.
I want to study English for different reasons.Firstly,English is interesting and play an important role in the world.Secondly,English is applied around the world for computers and sciences.As a result,we have to learn English to know more developed and advanced knowledge written in English from other countries.English not only provides us lots of fun,but also opens up our eyes to another world.Finally,In the contemporary society,English is an essential communication tool to exchange opinions with foreign friends.
My name is W. I am a student of a primary school.
I am in Grade Five Class One.
I like my school very much.
My school is very beautiful and very big.
There are many teachers and students in our school.
There are thirty-three classrooms in our school.
Our classroom is on the fourth floor.
There is a computer room on the fourth floor.
There is a music room on the fourth floor too.
There is a library on the first floor.
There is a big playground in our school.
We all like play football on the playground.
This is my school.
I learned a lot of knowledge in my summer vacation and it made me unforgettable.
In my opinion,prepare the lessons before class it helped for me,so I was learning my good subject is chemical.
In this book,I think it was very interesting because it was principles of chemical reaction.
While I was learning,I think it was difficult.
Althouth I got some knowledge in this,but I couldn't also understand and solve them.
It was hard.
Then,I played the table tennis in this summer vacation and I understood to serve a ball and catch the ball on the table.
Nevertheless I only a new hand and I'm unfamiliar with in many places,so I should practice more and more,I thought I will play very well in the future.
This was my unforgettable experience in my summer vacation.
Recently, many teachers divided their students into many parts.
A new way for students, that can make some good environments for them.
Different people have different ideas, someone don't think it is a good way.
For example, the student maybe thinks that they should work hard, because he is one of their teams who represent it.
On the other hand, that can also make their friendship better than before.
But I think every corn has its two sides, as far as I'm concerned, when teachers ask a question to a student, the student maybe is a lazy one who is waiting for others help instead of thinking it out by himself.
In total, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages; I think this is a good way for learning English.
I think my hero is lu xun, he is one of the most famous writers in China.
He wrote a lot of literary works.
He is out of a lot of books.
He is thin, is not high.
He began to learn medical, afterwards because of China's war, he thought to save more people, also can't change reality.So he began to write articles, to motivate people.
Although I haven't got a good gift.
But I have a good interest, I would like to read his books, to motivate yourself.
I think he is very brave, very responsible, very great, so I think that lu xun is my hero.
We always take something for granted as the basis for opinion or action, and then subsequently find that we had made an assumption, probably an unconscious one, that was unwarranted.
We usually throw that assumption as soon as we realize it which one is not related with reality.
What we can find in that phenomenon is important.
If we could not distinguish the thinking which we take it for granted the guessing, maybe we will stagnate in situ and have no idea on the next plan or goal.
Therefore, we must test it before we convince that we are right, even though the assumption when it started.
Only practice can tell the truth and probably you would attain some extra profit when you go on.
It does not mean to create something with your imagination, which never existed in the nature.
It means that you should take care of your assumption and put it into practice by using your spare time.
And then draw a conclusion whether it is to correct or fault.
Never ignore the great effect of your imagination, which is one of the essential conditions of the way of achievement.
It is often said that confidence is the first secret of success,without confidence one can do nothing well.Adimittedly,self-confidence plays a crucial role whether learning or life.Life is like a chess game and we are the pieces,we will lose heavily if we are not confident during the process.To live prettily,it is essential to know how to establish self-confidence.
In order to build up self-confidence,the most important thing is to adjust our mentality and maintain a positive attitude.There is nothing we cannot realize as long as we firmly believe there is no difficulty that we cannot overcome.
First of all,we should come up with our merits and demerits.Recognize the disadvantages,improve it and seize the opportunity to show our advantages.We can obtain the sense of superiority and increase confidence when seeing the approval of others.
Secondly,self-confidence cannot stay in the imagination.We should start with actions such as use a great variety of chances to exercise ourselves consciously.Confidence needs to be trained in every moment of life and it also needs more self-expression.For people who suffer from social phobia,they need participate in more group activities.There is an old saying"one takes on the color of one's company".That is to say,people who feel themselves inferior will be confident and optimistic if they make more communication with others,especially confident people.
Thirdly,it is also effective to set appropriate goals.Setting a goal itself is a form of confidence.Once we have targets in heart,we will exploit our potential continuously and try best to realize them.We will acquire confidence if we achieve the goals just by ourselves.
On all accounts,there are many methods to build up self-confidence.All we need to do is to inspire ourselves and believe we can do everything well.
There are many places in our school.
For example, the playground, the classroom.
I like reading, so library is my favourite place.
Library is not only quiet but also bright.
There are many books such as harry potter snow white and so on.
There are so many books that you don't know which one you should read first.
I can forget my trouble, when I read my favourite books.
I love reading,and I really enjoy it.
In my opinion,reading books can help me to be a better people.
I think reading book is very important.
It's really good to have such a quiet place.
On every Spring Festival's Eve, I will watch the Spring Festival Gala together with my parents or friends.
Last year, it was the first year that I left home far away to college in Harbin, which means that I have quite a little time to stay with my parents and family.
So, that eve seemed to be really important to me, because I treasured the time I stay with my family.
As usual, after having dinner with my family in the restaurant, it was 8 o'clock when the Gala begins.
The opening of the Spring Festival Gala is awesome.
The sketch which was acted by Cai Ming was so funny that brought me a lot of fun.
However, the show inspired me most is the song "We need to be together no matter how far away from us", singing by G. E. M. , a singer from my hometown, Guangdong Provice.
From my perspective, no matter how wonderful the Gala it was and who directed the Gala last year, I need to pay more attention and at the same time, take more care to my parents as I'm a college student now, not a litter kids hoping for the concern from parents any more.
Now I have back in HIT, which means that I need to wait for at least half a year to meet my parents again.
I promise that I will study hard in this term and be the change I want to see in the world.
Actually, Spring Festival Gala is not just a show.
More importantly, it is the time that the whole family can gather together and talk about the year which had past as well as the year will come.
Chinese can watch the Spring Festival Gala at every corner in the world by TV or computer.
So, this is the platform that can bring happiness to the Chinese.
The Chinese have more and more traditional festival.
The more interesting holiday for the Chinese people is Spring Festival.
All Chinese, at home and abroad, celebrate it, but it slowly disappear.
Spurred by the fast growing economy, China has witnessed booming foreign trade in the past few years.
So the West culture has bring in to China, many Chinese people would like to celebrate the West festival more than Chinese.
The Festival is celebrated at the turn of a Chinese calendar year.
It starts on the Eve, the last night of the old year.
Its length varies from place to place.
However, most parts of the country celebrate it for four day, until the third of the first month.
With the developing, the West culture have coming to China, it is influence Chinese people, especially youth.
For example, when the Festive have coming, many Chinese have a traveling of foreign country.
They use the traditional festival to traveling, which can make persons know more about difference culture.
We all know Christmas Day, the 25th of December, is he biggest festival celebrated in Christian countries of the world.
They house decoration are put up in the main streets two or three weeks before Christmas, and that day, people will exchange gifts.
This phenomenon can tell us that people have losing our traditional festival.
In my part, I think traditional festival is our country essence, it can representative China.
Like Spring Festival, everything is new.
Everything is smiling.
The old has ended and the new is coming.
That is our traditional festival.
They are some pieces of advise and you can follow them.
First before we buy some food we should check the produce date in order to see if it is overdue.
Sometimes we need to distinguish whether the food has gone bad.
After shopping,we should ask for an invoice and take good care of it.
If we find the problem food, we can call 12315 or ask the local Consumer Association for help.
With the development and application of high pier in the viaduct, more and more attention are being given to the quality of high piers in the bridge.Load resistance in the high pier of the viaduct need to be much stronger and marvelous section takes many problems in construction.To solve the problem of large section in high pier and load resistance, not only can greatly improve the quality of high piers but will accelerate the development and application of high piers of viaduct.High-strength concrete frame column can reduce the size of column section, reduce weight and will not reduce the mechanical properties, which not only solves the problem that ordinary concrete have in quality and in construction but improves the economic benefit.Confined concrete can effectively reduce the component section of concrete structure, increase the use of space and because the section and the weight is reduced, rate of earthquake is also further reduced.Combined confined concrete with high strength concerete in the construction of high piers, not only can make full use of high strength concrete but can improve the defects of ductility decrease and brittleness increases which were brought by the increase of strength, so it would reduce the column section size, lightweight and is conductive to earthquake-resistant.
Nowadays, many people tend to take automated collection buses.
On this kind of the bus, there are no conductors, and the passengers need to pay the money into a box next to the driver.
Some people don't think it is available.
Without the conductor, the order on the bus will be out of control.
However, many people consider it a great advance in technology and a sign of highly civilized society.
In my opinion, automated collection bus is a success.
Firstly, it is a good way to cut down cost and improve efficiency.
As we all know that the bus companies need to pay the conductors a lot of money every month.
In this way, the money can be saved to do some useful things.
For example, the companies can install a high-tech monster in the bus, and the theft things will be less.
Secondly, this new kind of buses may help people form a good habit.
Because of there to be no conductor, people need to be conscious to pay for the tickets.
What's more, when people get into the bus, people need to keep order by themselves.
In conclusion, I believe that automated collection bus is a big success.
And it should be the trend of future public transportation.
As we all know, water shortage has become more and more serious.
People can't imagine life without water.
Without it ,the earth we live on would be a dead one.
There would be no trees, no crops , no animals and no people.
So water is considered to be next to oxygen in importance.
Several possible reasons are as followed .firstly, agricultural production needs enormous amounts of water,so dose industry .
Besides, the rapid growth of populating makes it more and more difficult for people to survive.
Also, large amount of water which is polluted can't be purified in a short time, which makes it takes a long time for people to reuse water.
To solve the problem, people are trying to find some ways at the moment.
First, people are urged to economize on water.
Second, measures are taken to protect water resources.
Third, circulating water is used for industrial purposes over and over in factories and treated sewage water is used for irrigation in farming land.
Only in this way ,can we save enough water and live a better life.
Predecessors had ever said, never too old to learn.
In fact this is the true meaning of learning is not death studies, reads the book, mandatory to brain inside knowledge will eventually got nothing.
In this long learning life, we are going to study knowledge cannot be estimated, only the back of a chair is not enough to praise, we should combine knowledge and life is clever,to understand more deeply.
The operation of the computer, for example, if you only looked at those programming book memory, so it might be because of boring lost interest in learning.
But if you practice on the computer programming, then you may be attracted by it deeply.
It's so simple.
So the study and practice link, is actually increase learning interest, make learning become more intimate, more interesting.
The advantages of going abroad are as follows.Firstly,students who go abroad can have a favorable language environment,that is conducive to learning language.Secondly,it can widen their vision,learning advanced western technology.Thirdly,it strengthens the cultural exchanges between all nations.
However,some people think it has disadvantages.On the one hand,the students are too young to look after themselves,for they are lack in life experience.On the other hand,they live without their friends and parents,feeling alone and missing their hometown very much,which has a bad effect on their studying.What's more,the charge of living and studying in a foreign country is expensive.
I hold that parents should have certain reservations in giving their love to their children.
Everyone will desire to have his parents' whole love, whatever a child.
Children's heart is very weak.
They are very sensitive.
They will feel happy or frightened because of your any method.
If their will not give their children the whole love, their children will not be healthy.
I have listed some more important reasons.
Firstly, it is very essential for a child to have a happy childhood in his life.
It is the key to decide a child's future.
If parents don't give their whole love to their children, the children won't have a healthy and happy childhood.
They will become sensitive; will not prefer to believe anyone else.
It is very terrible for people.
It will relate to make their life full of sad, pain.
Secondly, there are a growing number of single children.
They will feel lonely, as they lack brothers or sisters.
This leads them need more love to make them feel warm and let parents spend more time in teaching them how to love others.
Otherwise, they maybe became selfish and narrow.
It is dreadful.
Last but not least, many people worried that if they have certain reservations in giving their love to their children, it will make their children be killed with kindness.
It will not become true, as if you can have a healthy parent-child relationship.
It is crucial for parents to learn what is a healthy parent- child relationship and how to make it.
In the beginning, you need to know that it doesn't mean obey all of your children's need if you give your whole love to your children.
Then before you meet their needs, you must judge if it is necessary and good for your children's development.
In another way, you can make friends with your children.
It is good for you to understand your children because they will tell you all of their thoughts.
But you must remember that you are still his parent.
Your task is to let them know what is right and make them know what is good for them.
When I was a child,I don't understand the hard parents,I always feel that they should bring up me.They should let me to go to school and let me eat satisfied wear warm.Now I grow up,I know their is not easy,but for so many years I have never say thanks to them.Now most of the college students also like me.We all think that their parents dont't have to say this,some people will feel embarrassed,and also some people will feel disgusting,the other people think it is noy necessary.But I want to say,throw away the idea,their are your parents not others,don't feel embarrassed,bold speak your mind,I believe they will be moved.Ther will feel that children grow up,know the consideration for them.They were not in vain efforts over the years.
Actually they want is very simple,as long as you good is their biggest pursuit of life.Let them know your mind,say thank you to them.
With the development of social, people's competition is getting worse.
So a sea of people are under pressure, they intend to try their best to make success.
A saying goes, the early bird catches the worm.
As a high school student, heavy academic pressure often make me very tired.
I often failed English exam before.
I think the reason was that I wasn't prepared well before the examination and didn't solve the problem that I did not appreciate.
After I knew that I study more hard and make every effort to study well.
Soon after, my English was improved and got good results.
In short, we should remember the old saying and do our best to make great progress.
With the development of society,people on the school is also more and more high.Schools should not only improve learning ability but also strengthen students' moral cultivation.
Filial piety is the most important of all virtues.Sons and daughters should fulfil their filial duty to their parents.The core of traditional filial piety cultures is love,while the core of love is the contribution.We should make them happy,take care of them in sickness.
Honesty is the best policy.Cheating in nowadays is still a big problem.People cheating in the examination.In a short time,some people may take advantage of dishonesty to get what they want.In the long run it will do harm to the moral character of the whole city.
Character is a project of our life.Good character requires doing the right things.We must awake to our responsibilities.
China and the west have different culture.
There are several differences between china and the west as follows.
Firstly, Chinese people usually reflect on things with imagery thinking.
It related to the origins of Chinese characters.
Therefore, Chinese pay more attention to the past.
On the contrary, the western usually think with abstract thinking.
They emphasize on the literal meanings and semantic relation.
And they attach importance to the future.
On the second, the character of Chinese people is partial to be indrawn.
So they prefer to choose gentle and quiet activities, such as playing chess, practicing calligraphy and going fishing.
Unlike Chinese, the western would rather choose furious and risky sports events, such as surfing, bungee jumping and exploration.
Thirdly, Chinese people advocate collectivism.
Influenced by Confucianism, they are concerned with human relationships.
In contrast to Chinese, the west people uphold Individualism.
They have a strong self-awareness.
So their team awareness is weak oppositely.
As far as I am concerned, these differences are due to the different culture between China and the west.
We should respect each other and absorb the essence from it.
of smoking.And about 75% of the person are man,25% are women.Besides,about 5.4 billions person are being hurted by second-hand smoke.More importantly,more than 10 millions people die for second-hand smoke every year!
My world was occupied with exercise and examinations before I enter the university.The colorful life of university let me feel emotional.Thoes various clubs,such as street dance club,countries society,guitar club and the college station,seem to be extremely cool and appealing.
About the problem whether we should participate in campus societies,my classmates have different horizons.Some believe that campus societies could enrich our life.They regard it as a good way to make friends with people who have the same interest as us,a stage where we might show our abilities,develop self-confidence and broaden our views.While others don't think so.They agree on the opinion that joining in clubs is a waste of time.
"Being a student,you'd better devote more attentions to study rather than being addicted to meaningless activities.
"One of them tell me.
As for me,I enjoy kinds of campus societies,which bring me to a fantastical world.Taking part in clubs light my boring life just like a lighthouse.However,"All thing should be regularly".Participating in campus societies may turn into a dreadful thing if we do not keep the balance between learning and entertainments.
One's listening comprehension and speaking ability grow by practice.
Read English loudly,get up early every day morning then read english loudly because memories in the morning is best,and loudly read can help us build confidence.
Use English,Try to conmunicate in english with your classmate or your teacher ect.You need to used your knowledge feel free talk with them ,the more,the better.
If the word occur active in every day use can help you committed to memory.
Memorize new word,it This is the basis for learning English.
Only in this way,we can make a good progress in learning English .
My favourite Radio Programme is The Central People's Broadcasting Sation voice of China.It belong to the night emotion class programme,and every night.So,if I had time,I would certainly go to this excellent programme.
This programme is mainly carries on the emotion exchange.Show host will tell some interesting story,can also speak some ordinary person soul-stirring story.The programme give people some spiritual comfort.The host will heart and soul with each audience through sweet or vigorous clear voice communication.So,the audience heart has much comfort.
First,the programme can be better on the audience mind counseling.
Second,this programme gives the audience a washing of mind,let us more confidant prospect on life.
The show portrays contemporary Chinese spiritual home.At the same time,in order to obtain happiness bring people endless blessing,bring infinite warm rely on for life is unhappy.
If you have time,you can go to experience the charm of this programme.
with friends obviously can deepen the leadership each other.In the meantime,you can enjoy the grand view and gain a pleasure of sharing with others.Finally,it is a proper time to learn and understand the spirit of China 's traditional culture.
However,others person disagree to set off firecrackers.In their eyes,it is not only a dangerous case,but also waste so much money,not alone produce noisy.
"I really don't see why there is person enjoying it .
"A postgraduate student Xiao song says.
As to me ,I appreciate the former view.
Our company has won a large export order with foreign country .
So , the company plans to organize foreign language training for the staff of Manufacturing Department and Finance Department .
The courses will start from October 25 , 2014 .
Shi-lai, SU "Aesthetic Modernity and Ideological Criticism of Consumerism" Journal of Jishou University(Social Science Edition) Vol.31, No.5 Sept, 2010.
This article mainly deals with the relationship between aesthetic modernity and consumerism culture.
Here it states that consumerism culture is the main cultural reproduction model during the process of modernization.
Under the disguise of globalization, this culture has made a worldwide and profound impact on aesthetics of human beings.
We should expose the falsehood and vanity of social life, and reveal aesthetic mirage and consumption politics manifested in the consumer society.
This article offers me a brief introduction to the definition and process of consumerism.
It also explores the multiple influences of consumerism on aesthetic, as well as one noticeable result brought by consumerism- secularization.
All above help me get a better understanding of consumerism and how it functions on individuals and society as well.
I'm likely to quote some definitions listed here in my introductory part to help my readers understand some terms related to consumerism and borrow some examples, like the secularization of literature works as well when talking about the social influence of consumerism.
Oneday,I was sleeping but woken up by my parents' laughter.I was a little angry.But the curiosity won.I went downstairs,walking into the living room.To my surprise,it was playing a blind-date show.Blind-date show is so popular that the old and children watch it.
As far as I'm concerned,the reasons for this phenomenon are follow:First,more and more single persons are delayed on matrimony by annoyingly busy.They need blind-date.Second,TV stations seize this opportunities to make profits.Three,in order to cater to audiences,producers had better make more innovations.It goes to a place where has no limit.
In my opinion,the producers must act according to their conscience.And the persons in blind-date show should be responsible and serious.We audiences had better give patience and encouragement to them.If we strive together,I trust the blind-date show will be a successful TV show and help more persons say goodbye to singlespider.
Lectures and discussions teaching are two ways.To nowadays teaching,college students have different preferences.A number of them like lectures teaching.Another like discussions teaching.
Teachers have a special way of their own about teaching.As a college student,we have different academic courses.So we will accept a great variety of different teaching methods---lectures and discussions.Then,it makes us have different views.Because the method that suits oneself can be better learning.Lectures,some people think it can make us recevie knowledge more easily;Discussions,other people think it can make us better grasp the knowledge by discuss question with each other.
In my opinion,it's essential for us to accept a great variety of different teaching methods.For us,don't appropriate for teaching a way.
The packaging of products draw people's attention and is affecting consumers to choose when shopping.The shape and colour of products also appeal to you and presuade us to buy silently.
The packaging of products such as colors and shapes play an important role in selling.But it has no means to become the standard when we are shopping.Good packaging does not necessarily have a good product.For example,a mooncake costs only two or three yuan,but when it's put into a delicate box,the price will go up highly.Therefore,there is no doubt that good packaging is intended to cheat consumers into buying products of poor quality.
As a consumer, what we should pay attention to?First, what weshould figure out is what is put into under the packaging.Second,thinking more fron the pespective of marketing and comparing more similar products with which you want to buy.Third,wo need to give top priority to health.
Only in this way can we become sensible consumers.
There are many reasons for me to study English.On one hand,with the development of social,English become more and more important .On the other hand,I can learn more about western countries by studying English.What'more,as a word saying: One is never too old to learn.So I want to study English.
The university campus and students pursue brand phenomenon more common.
Don't feel surprised if you hear them coming out of the mouth of college students.
It's quite common to hear and see college students swapping information about the brands they like and the products they use.
Many persons such as parents are against it.
But in my opinion it has both advantages and disadvantages.
The start with many college students to pursue famous brand, they get together and discuss, increase the exchanges, enhance feelings.
Next they also know more about fashion, broadened horizons.
Finally the pursuit of famous brand also lets themselves with confidence.
But the pursuit of famous brand of disadvantages cannot be ignored.
It will cause competition, the phenomenon such as disorderly spends money.
Generally speaking, college students should save, to give priority to learning, but can be appropriate.
Sam and Tom are good friends.There are a lot of differences between Sam and Tom.Sam is smarter than Tom ,and Sam is taller than Tom.Sam is funnier and more hard-working than Tom.Who gets up earlier?Oh,Sam gets up as early as Tom.Tom is good at sports.He runs faster than Sam.He is thinner than Sam and friendlier than Sam,so he has lots of friends.If Tom and Sam help each other,they will be better.
Recently, many famous sites of historical interest in China have begun to charge tourists higher entry fees during peak travel seasons.
Various voices appear no matter in the daily life or on the Internet.
Someone contend that it is a smart move.
On the contrary, others strongly believe this move ignores the general public's opinions.
For my part, I oppose it.
Following are my four powerful reasons.
First and foremost, famous sites of historical interest have their important educational meanings.
To the general public, they are valuable resources.
These sites have dense historical atmosphere.
They not only display our Chinese brilliant historical culture but also warn the offspring of the nation's shame.
Therefore, charging citizens higher entry fees is by no means reasonable.
On the weekdays, the majority of people are preoccupied with the busy work and study.
It is not until the festival that they have leisure time to go around.
To their disappointment, many historical attractions have adopted higher ticket prices, which makes public access to those sites hardly to some extend.
Naturally, the second thing coming up to my mind is the ownership of these historical sites.
Apparently, they are the common wealth of the whole nation, which deserves to belong to the general public.
Therefore, it is quite improper to charge higher fees.
Besides, the action may arouse undesirable atmosphere in the country.
At the beginning, a lot of enterprises are involved in the construction of these attractions, because the local government lacks capital.
That is to say, many sites' profit should draw extra dividends.
Nowadays, more and more places are forced to charge higher fees.
This is undesirable atmosphere.
If it can't be restrained, these companies may damage the citizens' interest greatly just for their own sake.
The last but not least, the behavior doesn't benefit to the sustainable development no matter the tourism industry or the country's economic.
In the long term, to realize the sustainable development, it is necessary to strengthen the hardware facilities rather than charge high entry fees.
For example, qualifying service and improving the environment.
All in all, it is not acceptable to charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons.
It may arouse more dissatisfaction.
A single-minded pursuit of profit can't reach the sustainable development.
As is known to all,waste on campus has become a serious problem.We can always see some students dump a lot of food.Sometimes,they buy much food,but they don't eat up.This is not a good phenome-non.
should eat it up and don't dump it.Food doesn't come easily.Reducing food is traditional virtue of China.
In us chinese's memory, when it comes to the Spring Festival, it is going shopping.
Last year,it was the first time for me to make purchases of goods on the Internet, which made me desperately sad.When I talked to the shop manners,his attitude was so bad that I almost lost the interest in buying the clothes.
After a few days,the package remained not to arrive, made me upset.I got online to ask the shop manners the reason and he told me that they should have a holiday during the Spring Festival.
After the Spring Festival,I got the package in the end,while I was surprised by the clothes' quality.Not only did the shop manners make mistakes in the quantity,but also the quality of the clothes were too bad to bear.
I have learnt a lot during this shopping experience,which is I will never buy anything online.Never will I forget this so unpleasant shopping experience.
Different from high school life, we have much free time in our college life.
That is a question.
I think it is a good way to read books.
There is a saying: Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
First, I think we should read some books about history, which can make us wise.
We are human, so we make mistakes sometimes.
We need history books to make us more perfect and perform better by avoid making mistakes.
Second, I think books about philosophy are good for us.
In college, we are not only to learn professional knowledge, but also to learn to be a good man.
I think philosophy books can help us to build our temperament.
Third, we may have to read books about specialized subject.
In this community, competition is becoming fiercer.
So, we need more knowledge to equip us.
To sum up, we need read books to be a better man.
And I think, as time goes on, we may find more books we need to read.
Nowadays, intelligent phones become more and more popular in our life.
I think one important thing is that intelligent equipments can give us a more conveniet life.
Moreover, the software on the phone can make you life more colorful.
For example, you can see a movie on your phone when you are waiting for the bus.
However, we might spent more time on playing phone and ignore our real life.
Charles Robert Darwin was born February 12, 1809.He is a British biologist, founder of the theory of evolution.In 1831 he graduated from the University of Cambridge.In 1859 he published "The Origin of Species.
"The book tell us if you can adapt the environment ,you will survive in the world.Origin of Species is the basis of modern biological theory of evolution.It subvert the Creationism.Also,it tell us there are diversifications on species.
"The Origin of Species" is a creative book.It is an artistic work of Academia.It has an important role in the world.
In my opinion,Charles Robert Darwin is a creative person.His examination help people increase the knowledge.He made people learn more about the world.He was a great scientist.His work is so creative.
What the "Students, You Reprensent Our Best Hppe" impress me most is responsibility.
When we are a senior student,we needn't to do any housework at home ,because what we need to do is to study.
However, when we enter the college, we are not a child, but a man who should be charge with something.
The future is ours, we should build our future by our own hands.
That's what we should do.
As I know, many teachers have ever told us that the college is comfortable when we were a senior 3 student.
But that's wrong .
If you want to be a person with ability , you should study harder than before to get more useful knowledge , because we need technic to build our own future.
Hello, everyone.
Nice to meet you.
My name is X. I'm from resource exploration engineering.
My hometown is Y.
It is a beautiful place.
There are a lot of places of interest.
So I wish you can visit there.
And I can take you to visit the famous places in there.
I'm a freshman.
University is full of fantasy for me.If you ask me what kind of university life is meaningful.
I will answer you first have to pass the exam.
Otherwise you will not graduate.
Secondly you'd better take an active part in activities organized by the school to enrich your own life.
The last,you should read some good books to increase your knowledge.
In order to achieve these you should make a study plan.
For example,plan to remember words every day,and so on.
And get along well with your classmates.
I will have a meaningful college life.
As we can see from the picture,an old woman, who lives alone,seats in front of a mirror and talks with the person in the mirror.Or to say,she just talks with herself.Because there is no son or daughter at home and she feels lonely.
At the first sight of the picture,my heart was deeply touched.What a pity it is!Using the most beautiful time of the life,parents bring up their children day and night.But they are ignored by their dear children when they grow old,just as the old woman of the picture.
Maybe there are many excuses which we can accept understandably.Sons and daughters have to busy themselves with work.Or maybe they have to take care of their little baby.However,parents ask for big nothing,just a call from you or a dinner eating together.That can be called easy,isn't it?
All in all,it is time for us to be concerned about our parents,no matter how busy we are,just like what they have done since we was born.So what should we do?The first step,call your parents and tell them that you will have dinner with them tonight.Secondly,go back early and help mom in the kitchen.And then,just talk with your dear parents at the table enjoyably.And let they know what you are doing recently.
What is the global warming ?It is a natural phenomena.It is to point to rise of global temperature .
The climate change is only a guess ten years before .Now ,however ,future is extending in front of us .What the Canadian see is the Arctic ice that is disappearing gradually .What the people of Latin America and the South Asia see is the destructive strum and flood .What the European see is the glacier disappeared,the forest fire and the heat wave to sacrifice our life .
So what is the reason of global warming ?Many scientists think ,a large number of the greenhouse gas emissions cause the aggravate of the greenhouse effect ,it is the basic reason of global warming .Nonetheless ,not all scientists think so .Some people suppose it is quite another matter .They make claims that global warming is a nature phenomena.It is nothing to do with human activities .In my opinion ,human activities is essential for global warming .
Now ,what can we do to stop the global warming ?Firstly,we should eat a minor quantity of meat to the best of our ability .In that there is a lot of resource waste during the cultivation ,feed ,transport and so on .Secondly ,our government should pay attention to resource reclamation and try our best to be frugal of resource and employ popular type of shipping .Thirdly ,it is important that we should grow trees and greenbelt in spring .Awaiting summer ,we will see a green world .Fourthly ,we can research and develop the energy replaced ,like solar energy ,wind and water power ,and so on .
Nothing is impossible for a willing heart .I believe ,we can see our country through .Sometines you have to stop thinking too much ,and just go where your heart takes you.As long as we do ,we can deal with it .Victory will not come to me unless I go to it .
The picture said that someone puts some online rumors on the internet.Others seeing them are afraid.And they feel like being far away from the online rumors.
As we all know,online rumors are harmful.Because the people spreading of online rumors will take in us so that they can gain lots of interests.So if we are cheated,we will lose many interests.Such as money,spirit.Even they can threat to the personal safety.What's more,the online rumors can be bad for our right and social public order.
So facing the online rumors,we should keep calm firstly.And we ought to know characteristics of the online rumors.When we don't know the news is ture or false ,we can ask someone for help.We can tell police the online rumors.All in all,we are sure not to believe the online rumors when we across from them.In addiction,we are bound to protect our body and our interest.
I read a book named "The Old Man and the Sea",whose writer is a famous person in Ameirican.I was shocked by the old man in this novel.
I admire the old man very much who had a strong will,which let me know as a person must have a persistent spirit to be successful.
An old fisherman,had not caught any fish for 84 days.He set out to the sea again and went far away from home.Fortunately,he found a big fish this time,he struggled with it,and killed it in the end.He fought for it,not only wanted to make money but also show his pride and prove himself a true fisherman.The fish was very large,dragging the boat drafted for two days and nights.But the big fish attracted many odd herds of sharks to eat as food.The old man fought for them to defend them,but the fish only left the backbone.
The old man was exhausted when he was at home.A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Seeing us again,when we meet some difficulties in our lives,we are often unconfident and we always complain a lot.Why not be brave and confident just like the old man?He was old and tired,but he was still not giving up.
We should learn the spirit from the old man and do not give up easily.It is uesfol for our whole lives.Anyway,try our best to do everything.Only by this way can we be successful.
I think the subject is very necessary to some of the staff,because our company has won a large export order,people whose foreign language is bad.the subjects will start at 5.00pm in the conference room.I hope you can attend on time.
the person i want to appreciate most is my mom.it is my mother that gives me life and all her love she is a womon with short hair and shi is also a littie short.like all mothers she is relly kid womin.
she is patient with me and always smiling while talking.my mom teach me how to think independentiy and helps me to build up my confidence.when i have some difficulty in my study.it is my mom who encoroges me to work until i solve the problem.when I'm feeling sad or bad.it is also my mom who looks after me with care.
I love my mom and has thanksgiving mom.
Tell me what you read and I will tell you what are.
Around when you are in trouble, those good books can reflect their importance.
For example: your style of writing is not good, so you want to read some articles to learn writing skills.
Books can also reflect what you like.Such as you want to go to travel, like to travel, or you will look at some travel notes.What is more?When do you often see a writer's books are, elucidation he in the regions that are similar to those of you or of worthwhile places for you to learn.Your ideas and generate spark, you really have read this book.
So we are what we read.
Some people hold the view that classics are classics because they have stood the test of time.
Therefore, they are to be treasured by people of all generations, ours being no exception.
Others believe that classics represent the wisdom of the past.
As we are advancing towards the future, it is our responsibility to venture into the unknown and generate new understanding of man and nature.
Classic for a new ear of young people, more and more strange.
Everyone to the pursuit of fashionable tide, fresh, for some classic plays, are not interested in the book and so on.
Classics in their view are out of style, boring and on fun.Even some young people don't recognize the classics, they think the only thing that they are interested in is classics.
However, when you really clam down and think about it, now the people are too impetuous, can't calm down to experience carefully understand one thing.
In classic idea has not read, they are immersed in the flashy things, satisfied with just a temporary pleasure and ignore the themselves in the cultivation of spirit.
As for me, that as the generation of the 21st century we can't forget the classics, because it is the soul of our Chinese nation and essence.
For example, the ancient Confucian culture, traditional etiquette, festivals and customs, even the name of the classic songs, etc.
, they are all we should inheritance and carry forward the classic.
It focus on the ancestors wisdom and experience of the predecessors, these are our generation and the children should learn temptation of around you.
I think, some of the classic masterpieces and film and television as a choice of our discipline.
We would like to think our predecessors left by the spiritual feast for us, let us can not only enjoy in material, also let us the spirit of the world got the sublimation.
Thssis statement: It is necessary to reform SFG.
a. Transform SFG into a voluntary activity without appearance fee .
b.Spent less money on stage construction.
b.Many programs with internet pet phrases should be changed.
c.The hosts should preform more natural.
For this topic, in fact, I don't think there is a definitive answer for this thesis.
Maybe, some people think telephone is more personal than the talk when we can meet each other.
Incontestable, while meeting others, the way we talk to others can easily be influenced by the surroundings, the expressions in your faces, or even passersby's laugh can give you a great influence.
So, they conclude from that: that telephone has truly made communication less personal.
However, other people absolutely don't agree with the thesis.
We can easily find support from that telephone now can be called between many people, not as the classic one that can be called between only two people.It let a more simple communication but I don't feel it's less personal.
Also, on the other hand, while talking not only yourself can hear, so, there is no reason to say telephone has made communication between people less personal.
Anyway how to communicate is not important, but communicate itself is more important.
So, whatever way you choose, only if you get your goal, that is a good way to communicate.
Nowadays,with the rapid development of information technology,no one can deny the basic face that Internet play an important part in our daily life.For example,we can communicate with others on Internet here and there.
On the one hand,it is widely acknowledged that Internet have become an indispensable part of society,which make our life and work more comfortable.Besides,Internet make our life more and more convenience.As we all know that every coin has two sides.On the other hand,if we depend in Internet,for which will bad for our internal communication skill.Besides,people become more and more indifferent to each other in real life.
As far as I am concerned,for which problem more good than harm.For Internet,we should treat correctly.After all,Internet is just a tool.
This is the happiness of social problems.
Different people have diverse attitudes about happy.
No matter the old man and child, successful and the homeless.
In a television station survey,we got different answers.
An old man might be happy,four generations under one roof.
A child may feel unhappy learning every day and can't play.
A successful person working all day and feel tired.
A homeless people eventually get help will be very satisfied.
Happiness is not regularly.
Happiness is a kind of attitude to life.
People who love life will feel happiness.
On the contrary, People who complain about life feel unhappiness like God abandoned him.
So we have to keep a positive attitude ,and then we will feel so happy.
Yes, I believe I had seen a ghost.
It was a ghost who dressed blue jeans.
When I was twelve years old, I had experienced the most memorable day in the toilet.
Before experiencing the odd thing, I never believe that the ghosts exist in the world.
That day, it should have been a wonderful day.
In the morning, I as usual went to pass water at recess.
It was strange that there were not many schoolmates lined up in the toilet as always.
I found that there was nobody except me in the washroom.
The toilet is so rheumy.
It looked like a haunted house.
It was so silent that I feel a little creepy.
I got into the bathroom and pulled my pants down.
The door was broken and I could see something from the crack between the door and its frame.
My ears pricked up at the surrounding sound like a dog and I looked around gingerly.
Suddenly, I saw somebody wearing blue jeans went by my door.
I considered it was a person.
I pretended to cough in case that person opens my door, and then I heard that "person" yelled in a horrible voice.
I was scared so that I pulled up my pants and rushed out of the toilet instantly.
There was no doubt that it was a ghost.
I dared not see its appearance.
When I ran back to the classroom, I couldn't concentrate on what the teacher was saying any more.
After school, I went home and told my mother what I had suffered in this morning.
But my mother just smiled and said: "Honey, there were no ghosts in the world.
May be you just fancy that.
Well, may be my mother was right.
That may be my imagination.
I was so scared at that moment that I never forget the experience.
I believe science just like some people believe the god exists.
But sometimes, we must have to believe that there is something strange existing in our real lives when we really experience the horrific things.
I love my home,no matter what happened,I love it forever.
with the development of society,home has the most important meaning of country,which is on behalf of 56 minorities.They go with their families.
As part of a country,we must bear our responsibilities for our country,because it suffered the difficulties and pressures from the Japnese,the USA,and Capitalism and so on,which leads on a big catastrophe in a poor country.
We must love and protect it forever,and at the same time,home is just like a harbor.As far as I'm concerned, it is important for us.Home consists of many members,for instance, your parents,sister,brother,also your grandparents and so on.When you encounter some unhappy things,they can comfort you and put you at ease,and hear your heart carefully.So the key point is that they will be happy what you are happy.As a result, love home can understand what to be a straightforword, honest,loyalty man,it is my mind.
science,union and so on.
their families-continent,but Taiwan is located in the other side-the strait of Taiwan .So the government takes measures to avoid the USA destroying the relationship of China and Taiwan,meanwhile do their best to prepare completely.Only if we can have a happy,peace, secure life.Now we know everybody likes to get home with their families during the holiday.Because home is just like a harbor,it can supply materials and warm to us .
In a word,we know if the country home is lost,we cannot live harmonious society,meanwhile a small home is lost,we cannot have confidence and perseverance to face up everything.So,home is everything.
The classic plays an important role in your life.Famous novels, speech or poetry tends to make people's courage, confidence and wisdom, so get those great ideas is a wise decision.
However, nowadays, some people think that reading classics.There are many reasons for this phenomenon.First of all, most of them are in the shadow of practical ideas.These classic is unlikely to meet these requirements, such as professional skills or find a good job.And, more importantly, online reading can help people obtain information more easily and effectively, by contrast, reading classic is very time-consuming.Last but not least, modern people are too busy to read or think.
As college students, we sdhould fully realize the importance of reading a classic.In the future, we face a lot of pressure and challenges, vocational skills obviously not solve all these problems.The habit of reading enlightenment books enable us to deal with complex situations effectively by expanding our vision our vision and deepen our thoughts.
Theae days, many students are very busy.
Because they have many after-school classes.
Their parents hope their children will be successful in the future.
They can't get home until finish their classes every night.
They don't have free time and enough sleep.
But I think they shouldn't have these classes.
It's a waste of the time.
In fact, they can't go to these classes.
They should only read the book before the school classes.
And listen to teachers carefully every classes.
Reviewing is important after classes.
If you do these things you won't go to these classes.
And you can have many free time to learn more interesting knowledge.
His name is Zhang Jiebin.He's not only my deskmate but also my best friend.
He's tall and thin with short black hair.He has bad vision but never wear glasses.
to others.
he is really bad in this sport.I think he also does badly in basketball and table tennis.But he runs really fast.
I insist that legal drinking age is unnecessary in China.
There are many reasons which may account for my opinion.
On the one hand, I think, A legal drinking age is useless, our government just pass a legislation, and believe that everyone who under "the age" won't drink any alcoholic beverage.
However, the reality is much more complex.
If a young man is crazy about alcoholic, he will use all kind methods to get alcoholic beverages.
What's worse, the prohibition make alcohol an attractive fruit, and young people will be more curious about it.
On the other hand, studies show that moderate drinking can be good for our health.
So, in my view, the key to this problem is setting up a moderate drinking habit.
In other word, if the young or children can know the alcohol content well, they will drink sensibly rather than drink blindly.
Form what I have discussed above,the young should be taught instead of prohibited.
Their parents should make effort.
Parents could introduce alcohol to their children and tell them necessary knowledge of alcohol.
As a result, the young would establish a moderate drink habit gradually.
Only in that case, binge drinking and alcohol abuse can be indeed solved.
Nescafe is a popular drink at the world now.
Many people very like it.
It all began in 1867 as a chemist Heinrich Nestle.
A doctor took a weak infant to Heinrich Nestle.
But that infant don't eat food , his healthy is very bad .
Heinrich Nestle foster that infant , and he feed milk that he invent the infant .
Only three month after, the infant have a good health.
As a result of Heinrich Nestle superior behavior, More and more people know and like Nescafe.
Heinrich Nestle research rough and ready and delicious Nescafe last seven years at Switzertand.
Nescafe become celebrated brand at the world.
At the moment, Nescafe is keep customan effort.
It have bankfull good and honest.
There is a traditional view in China that testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability But in recent years a number of people believe that formal examination is out of date including me .
To begin with the educational method has some shortcomings in our country.
For instance the students are asked do a number of homework and memorize many passages for get high marks but little activity which limited the growth of teenagers.
Furthermore in the class what the teacher do is ask the students write down some important things and do some papers which was called cramming teaching.
However the time which give students to thinking independently is very little and in this way the students' imagination was limited.
Most importantly the students' practical ability was not improved and the theory what they have obtained from the class was not apply to practice any more.
As a result what the students only do is write and memorize and the students who are called pedant.
For this reason testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability.
In my opinion testing a person not only by examination but also by the ability of practical ability and body condition and psychological diathesis mentality diathesis.
So school should foster students' rational thought and practical ability etc.
It's?very?glad?to?hear?from?you.
?????It's?do?like?what?the?reports?said.After?you?left?home?to?take?the?deeply?education?in?the?USA,a?number?of?things?in?the?hometown?had?changed.
?Let?me?talk?about?something?to?you.For?example,all of the people here could have a better life.The house got bigger and some of us even moved into the beautiful flats.We bought a telephone ,a TV,a washing machine,a refrigerator and so on.
The roads which were muddy and narrow that days got spacious.And they connected these villages and the towns.We also bought a Tractor, a truck and a car.The biggest change in my heart was that the student could have good education.Besides,the government devoted themselves into the rural urbanization construction.
There were so many changes in the countrysides that I can't tell you all.If you want to come and see,I'm pleased to be your guide.
Wang Dong.
Last Sunday,I was going over my lessons,because there will be an exam next week.But my roommate had nothing to do.So he watched the football match on the Internet ,it was very noisy,and he also cheered the players.The voice was too loud.
I was very angry,and I couldn't stand.At last,I let him turned down the sound.He agreed ,and said sorry to me.
Rencently,I read news about on income sources between Chinese students and American students.It's reported that illustrates the different in sin-us college students source of income.Chinese students and American students are different from the ways of education.The opinion is different from career and the work areas,to lead the differences of income.
In my opinion,I think our students should learn more way from American students.We can change our opinions and learn American students.
Apple---it is well know that brand.
It has many fans in the world.And apple company producted some products,like ipod,ipad,iphone.I think more and more people favor iphone.
Iphone appearance is very simple and generous.And it can be installed on so many game and software.Iphone could be the first time to update the mirco-blog or Renren and so on.We can use it to see news or website,and also could be view the stock market and Business information.
Although I like it very much,but I didn't have.Because it's expensive for me,and it need enough flow.Then it updated soon,for example you bought iphone4,iphone5 will listing soon.And many function more suitable foe the business people or in foreign countries.However I think iphone is a good mobile phone,and maybe I will but it when I went to work.
Shortly before,the creator of apple---Jobs,died.People feel sorry for this.Because he is the soul for apple!I think without him,there is no apple today.He is really great man.Although Jobs is gone,but his spirit of innovation and firm,stay in this world.He not only belong to apple,but also to the whole world!
There is a general discussion today about the issue of opportunity or determination.
Opinions vary from individual to individual, from culture to culture.
Some believe that opportunity is more important than determination, firstly, There is no doubt that opportunity is very essential, though you have a great talent in learning things, If you don't have chance to show yourself.
Everything seems meaninglessly, as we known, with the rapid development in our country, there will be a lot of talents, so if you want to be successful, opportunity is a critical reason.
Therefore, opportunities play an important role in the competition of getting a job.
However, others hold the opposite opinion.
Form their point of view, they think determination is more important than opportunity.
I am convinced that determination and perseverance are the essential elements.
People may be appreciated sooner or later if they are talent.
Employers think most of the creativity and talents of the staff.
People with great gifts are sure to be more competitive.
As far as I am concerned, opportunities, determination and perseverance are all important.We should face up to this problem.
We should have taken both seriously.
In the sun, I read this thick, "childhood", heart suddenly a strange shame and remorse, think of themselves and the lives of a great disparity in Gorky.
Year-old death of his father, to follow the kind of grandmother came to the grandfather's home.
Here, he knows many things, but also see a lot of things, he see the selfish, greedy, brutish, two uncles; simple friend "Little Gypsy"; mean, stingy, greedy, tyrannical, brutal grandfather; every day life in the cruel, stupid, infighting among family members and arguments, and from between good and evil, Alesha ignorant to understand that a number of reasons.
Compared with him together, our childhood is bright and happy; no pain and struggle, has been a carefree life.
From this point on it seems we already have far cry on with Alesha, we have a lot, but we still do not know enough I just want luxury this world a better and more want.
Yes ah, we often parents do not cook, mouth open for food, only to parents for their shelter Guzhao, not herself from the "world" battles.
Now we have to expect should repent, should not waste anything, and learn to cherish everything we have now will suffice.
From now on test, we must stand up and do not just want to experience difficulties with such a withdrawal, escape, or take a shortcut, should have confidence in ourselves, life always something or someone will give you pain and even despair, but we should be like what how the kind of insisted.
In this way, you can again find joy in pain, in despair to find hope.
In the modern day people are increasingly choosing to pursue graduate study, and the number of graduate students is increasing every year.
People's opinions are always different once they talk about pursuing graduate studies.
In my opinion, with the graduate studies we can acquire a lot of things both in professional tech-knowledge and life experience.
For example, for the first one, we can acquire the ability to think independently and creatively.
For another, we can acquire the ability to apply the knowledge we had learned.
Besides, we can recognize a lot of people and increasing the network of my social connections.
But how do we harvest the benifits mentioned above.
Perhaps, different people have different views on this question.
My own opinion is that we must do everything taking to heart and making great efforts.
To conclude, pursuing graduate study is an opportunity and we must take it.
Beijing is a very old city.Its story is very interested.It have many beautiful parks.But the best one is the Summer Palace.It's famous for the Great Wall.It's very long and beautiful.Visitors shouldn't miss it.It have many execellent department stores.The Beijing opera is very famous.A lot of people like to see it.The weather is always good.In Beijing, the most famous food is Beijing Duck.It's very delicious.What a wonderful city!
As we all know, education is the transmission of civilization.
In order to improve educational quality, we innovate and put forward new teaching concepts.
One of them is to encourage students to make comments or even criticism on teachers.
Although some people worry about that the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear when students are supported to criticize their teachers, I still agree with that opinion.
At first, we should hold the concept that making comments on teachers doesn't mean that the students disrespect their teachers.
Aristotle, the famous Greek philosopher, has said: Plato is dear to me, but dearer still is truth.
If teachers make mistakes, we have the obligation to tell them.
Facing this circumstances, teachers maybe feel embarrassed, but mistakes are an essential part of education.
It does not matter.
What's more, the relationship between teachers and students has become more much democratic and the course interaction has risen to a high level.
When a teacher couldn't satisfy his students' demand, he should accept students' criticism modestly.
Students also need to learn how to make comments exactly and gently.
As we all know, with the development of science and technology ,E-books are more and more popular .
At the same time,the production of traditional books are decreasing step by step.
Everying coin has two sides .E-books also have advantages and disandantages .First ,with the wide use of computes and celephones, we can see that people use them to read any books they want to read everywhere .
so ,we can find it more convenient and frivolus .What's more !
It is more easy to carry out outside .Second, I think E-books are cheaper than traditional books.
For example ,we can download books from the Internet for free or we can read them directly online besides , if you are tired to read the book now ,you can preserve it and you can read this place the next time .The last one but not the least one,E-books are more envirmental protection .we don't need to cut trees to make books which made of paper.
It is known to all that disasters are hanppened frequently and the most important reason for the phenomenon is the decreasing of trees .so ,if we read E-books ,we can protect trees being destroyde .
