The third one is that online shopping is popular with people in every age.
Nobody want to be out of style.
People will do the same thing as everybody around them does.
But online shopping does have several disadvantages.
Because you choose the goods through the computer screen inside of select them in your owns eyes,you may buy some low-quality things or something don't fit you both in size and color.
What's more, you may even buy things like noting as you choose in the Internet.
And the other big problem you have to worry about is the express delivery especially when you buy something fragile.
Cause you'll never know what the courier had done to your goods.
In my opinion, online shopping is a useful and convenient way, but before you buy something in the Internet you should check out whether the online store is credible or not.
And other customers' valuation is very helpful, you should consult it before you make up your mind.
Furthermore, do not forget the window shopping is indispensable in building our friendship between our girls.
Some students think that school life is boring because their school life lacks activities.
As fas as I am concerned that school life is full of joy in my school.
Firstly,some kinds of activities can relax ourselves.
Secondly other activities can expand our horizon.We organize some activities.
For example ,we go to library which is full of useful books.
we can not only get knowing history by seeing ancient picture and article but make us interested in library.
To conclude,I like my school life after class.
School activities drives us to be eager for school life after class.
As is vividly depicted in the picture, we can see a farther and his daughter is talking something with each other.
then the cute daughter answered: you can read all about it on my BLOG, dad.
Nowadays, we all have some internet communication instrument such as Wechat, QQ, MSN and blog and so on.
And me too.
Today, many people goes to restaurant, they always like to take some photos and put them on their Wechat, and if you are their friends, you can see the news in the friends's discover.
Especially, the young people and girls, they took photos and left some messages on their internet communication instrument at anywhere.
But every coin has two sides, it is very convenient for us to keep in touch and we also can say something intersting or your feeling.
But i am so afraid about that, our privacy is not so safety, we leave more informations on the internet, the hacker maybe stolen more.
Reading books can make us become a delighted and knowledgeable people.
But for the habit of reading books, some people think we ought to red selectively because there are a plenty of books.
If we try to read them all,it will spend us a large amount of time.
What's more, these books can not provide us the useful information.on the contrary ,some books also bring us some negative aspects.
On the other hand,some people insist their opinions that one man should read extensively.in their minds the society of today is developing at an 'alarmingly, surprisingly excessive rate .we must make full use of our time to read many kinds of books for gain the information resources.
They hold the view that,in order to enrich our spiritual civilization and enlarge our scope of knowledge we should read extensively.
It's hard to say which opinion is better .
I believe that is necessary to read selectively.
Weshould make our choices to read books.we can't read all kinds of books even though we devoted all energy to read.it's just a waste of time to read the books of no value.
First and foremost, I am greatly appreciate that you kind teacher give us priority of just doing number 3 task for our course, so the more time we will spend on reviewing PG examination.
Next, for the course of advanced English writing, I will translate some passages from Chinese to English from the book, Selected English Articles For Recitation a passage per day.
If the translation materials will not enough for me to do after I finish the book, I will choose another works in advance to translate.
I plan to do it at afternoon everyday.
It is the fact that English examination will hold at afternoon, so that I could develop language text environment and exercise my English basic knowledge.
Besides, a passage from English to Chinese will put at English exam, but a passage from Chinese to English is also essential to me at all.
Consequently, translate a passage from Chinese to English and translate a passage from English to Chinese will be my task everyday.
I believe my English writing will improve step and step maybe smoothly but certainly.
Moreover, It is my conviction that translation is also beneficial for writing in our course and exam.
Last but by no means least, it is crucial for me to insist this simple and interesting work.
Persistence is significant and indispensable for me to learn.
As we all know, practice makes perfect.
Be down to earth and more practice make us writing better.
Smoking has banned in public place in China by Chinese government from the first day of 2011.
This decision wants to make all indoor public places smoke-free.
From then on, the signs with no-smoking will be put up.
There are about 350 million smokers in China and 75% of them are men and others are women.
About 540 million people are affected by second-hand smoke and it causes 10,000 people to die every year.
In contemporary society,self-confidence has become a vital factor in daily lives.It's generally accepted that confident individuals are more likely to be hired by famous companies.And in this essay,I would love to discuss the methodology to strengthen self-confidence and then share my own viewpoint with you.
it.What is meant by this is that we have to endeavor to become confident individuals.However,reinforcing it is difficult.To be more specific,there are three key points.Most important of all,we should believe in ourselves and keep going even though in extreme tough days.Only in this way,mighty heart could be easily cultivated and gradually promoted.In addition,as the famous saying goes,great confidence comes from power,which I couldn't agree more.That is to say,human beings may pay attention to dig proficiency and struggle to develop these abilities.Last but not least,to be more brave and get used to accepting our imperfection ,which means we are ready to be more independent than usual and dare to rise to the occasion.Consequently,to be your own master can be expected soon.
So from what has been mentioned above,one can depict only this conclusion that self-confidence can have considerable press on us.However,it is always to say than to do.Therefore,it deserves our more attention.Self-confidence could be formed and well developed as long as we are willing to do every little detail in daily lives.God favors confident people than ordinary people,so we can discern that self-confidence leads to outstanding performance and tremendous achievements and we should try our best to be confident individuals!
This is to certify that Miss Susan Hobson is a secretary for the past two years in our office.
She has faithfully attended to her duties and has proved herself to be industrious and honest,as the same time,she is a trustworthy person.
She has a good command of English and German, and can speak them fluently.
She is competent for an interpreter.
As you can see,nowdays,the water crisis has become a very serious social problem.You can hear a lot of news about the water crisis everyday from the TV or the newspaper.
One of the reason that the water crisis caused is that a lot of people don't save the water when they use water.People don't care about others when they can enjoy better life.
And the other reason is that the water crisis on the world is very less.And there are very less water in some places,people in there have even no water to use.
In my mind,I think the water crisis is not the mistake in people,we need to do is not to complain about the water crisis,what we need to do is that we need to learn how to save the water,and we have to know,the water crisis is not only for some people but for all people.If we want the world become better,everyone of us have to take our responsibility.
I like Paddington Bear movie, the film tells us many life reason.
First the bear and it parent live very happy in our lives and his family need such.
Secondly, after the Cubs to London, the dispossessed, but the Browns are willing to help it, Mrs. Brown is very helpful,and spend some times the Brown began to accept it, though at the first it to make Paddington a lot of bad things, but in the end even the most to it, Mr. Brown have liked it, the changes made me realize the benefit of honest work.
And the Browns out of unity so when Paddington was in danger, they sense of teamwork have important role and people feel a cooperation of the power.And this film not only gives us positive energy, but also let us feel the joy.
From Paddington doing things feel happy and warm, that is why I like this movie.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as wildlife protector .I'm a 16 year-old student,but l want to have a try in that during the summer holiday .
I admit ,I have nothing expensive in that ,but I have deep love for this job ,when I was young ,that's have became my ideal job.yes,that's my dream !
So,I were going to put into practice .At first ,I often read some books about wildlife and wilderness survival .Sencondly,I have ever joined the protect forests activities and have some operational ability.
I would be very grateful if you could send me more information about the post available .I.
look forward to hearing from you .
You may ask.
Now i will talk about today's wonderful.
In the past, there were many wars, such as The First World War, The Second World War.
It is terrible to live in such days in the wars.
You may worried about your life ever day.
There were also no any machines or computers in the past.
We could get sick easily in the past.
Many people wonder the life in the future.
However I don't think that the life in the future will be great.
After many years, we may pollute our earth seriously.
We may be killed by robots, who create by us , because of their smart.
Whether you are, a high building in the city or a small house in the countryside.
You can see beautiful things instead the polluting or the war.
Present is the best, please take care of her.
She is valuable.
As we can see from the picture, a college student asks a librarian that how to do well in school without studying.
The librarian tells him that what he wants are over there in the fiction section.
From the picture, we can see that the student wants to do well in school without studying.
Obviously it is impossible to achieve it.
Because there is no shortcut in learning.
Firstly, only to study can make us doing well in school.
Without studying we will not succeed.
Secondly, studying is important for us.
Only through studying, can we make ourselves perfect and improve our abilities.
There are a lot of successful persons studying all their lives, so they can make great achievements.
Thirdly, everyone needs to study, let alone our students.
It is not useful and significant to imagine having success in something.
What we should do is that make the best of our time and resources to study.
All in all, studying is an inseparable part of our life, which is vital for everyone, especially students, to realize.
Pople can't imagine life without water.Without it,there would be no animals,no trees,even no people.Just like the oxygen,the shortage of water has become so widespread that it has severely affected people's daily life and hindered the development of the global economy.
Although nearly three-quarters of the earth's surface is covered by water,the water for us to use is short.It's seawater and undrinkable.A lot of factors could account for the problem,but the following might be the critical ones.First,with the development of agriculture and industry,amounts of water is needed.Except that ,the rapid growth of population is another leading cause of water shortage.What's worse,pollution and waste of fresh water aggravate the situation.
Fetunately,people have realized the pressing problem and are trying to find ways to salve it.First,people are urged to economic on water.Secondly,it's essential that laws and regulations be work out and enforced to protect water resources.Third,circulating water is used for industrial purpose over and over in factories and treated sewage water is used for irrigation in farming land .With a large number of measures taken,it is reasonable for us to expect a brighter future.
In Africa, when the antelope wakens up in the morning and the first thing occurred in their head is that I must run faster than the lion which the best one or I will ate by someone.
At the same time, lions also waken up.
Interesting, lion thinking contrary and similarity.
It is that if he cannot arrest the antelope who runs quickly, he will die due to the hungry.
Thus, the antelopes and lions also run to the sun.
Life is likely to it.
No matter who you are, lion or antelope.
When the sun rose, you should run to a new place rightly and hadn't a way to regret.
I have been thinking about the parenting for a long time and with all my energy.
I thought I had worked out a perfect solution.
Finally I failed.
Maybe my ideas cannot be understood.
Maybe I am too strict with you.
Maybe I fall short of your expectations.
However, I'd like to tell you how much I love you, how much I expect from you and how much I want you to make it in the future.
Surely you have to work harder.
Possibly you will feel tired.
Probably you will complain about my parenting.
I am deeply convinced that it will do good to you both physically and psychologically in the long run.
I want to know that nothing can be done without diligence and hard work.
With them everything is possible.
Without them nothing is achievable.
I want you to know that improper leniency will lead to a spoiled child while proper strictness helps you to go ahead.
I want you to know that excellence is not written by idleness and play but by assiduity and sweat.
Let me know if you still doubt my love for you, if you still question my parenting and if you still wonder my sincerity.
With the development of society.
English has aroused great concern.English as aforeign language, has already use to speake in globe.
Use English has become more and more popular.particularly in large cities.
some people think that English would occupy market in the world ,So we shuould study hard on english..while other people think it in a diffent way .they belive it eduation and develop of mether tongue is impotant.
Let chinese around the world.
I think,the first view is right.In a word,Englash can develope mutual undestaning and friendship ,as well promote our economic develop.
Is means that you are a magician or creater?I think both can be .Because I am a person would like to create it.
Firstly, I would like to invite some person who works in art or artist to join us; then the next person would be designer, can be from the western or China ;the last people can be illustrator,who also can draw ing picture in a different way.
Ofcause , I also will invite the professor from art school.That is all the person I would like to invite and make friends with them.
I like drawing and I like to make more new friends with them,we can talk with each other.
So, I would like to communicate with them or hold a meeting to them, this is a good idea to create a new meeting to meet each others.
More and more questions can be deal with by each other.
Or the illustrator says he has the inspiration now , he create a view for the book which had not public now, but still not perfect.
We combine all the idea together and solve it.
We can hold the party in the hotel, you can invite the people who you know, or we can make a topic to discuss.
Some famous artist can be here, you will get everything if you want.
I think it's no harm for building a large shopping center in Dazhi neighborhood, so I have no reasons to oppose it.
Instead of incurring troubles in Dazhi district, it can bringing much more convenience for the life of residents or the whole community there.
Because there is no large shopping center in this region, people who live here should go further to purchase daily necessities or some special items they need.
If there is a large shopping center being constructed nearby, it could not only save time, commuting cost but trouble things.
For example, I can buy what I need at one time.
Also, the building of the shopping center can simulate the consumption and create some working opportunities.
According to the reason of convenience, people will choose to purchase things from the nearest place.
In this way, the shopping center can make transaction here and they also need labor force to work here.
The final point is it can be a vital factor to attract more people to living in this convenient location.
Nicholas Sparks,the author of < Dear John >,was born in Omaha Nebraska,American.He has Germany,Czech,England and Irish blood.He,whose novels have been translated more than 35 languages and have sold more than 45000000,is a selling-well famous American writer.He was called"the Godfather of pure love"and"tear gas"by American.He and J.K. Rowling, is one of the two at the same time has a hardcover paperback works for more than a year on the list of the New York times.< < Dear John > >is a classic masterpiece of sparks, and he is one of the most popular novels.
It is really touching story of broken love affair of John and Shavana.John,23 years old,graduated from high school,has nothing to do,drinking and fun in the bar.Until one day, he has a decision to join the army and when he comes home on vacation he will meet Shavanna accidentally and fall in love with her.Sweet time is always short, John must return to the army, even being stationed overseas.
Time day after day to the past, it seems that the letters is hard to maintain the long-distance relationship, eventually Shavanna writes a letter to John for breaking up with him.
When John receives the letter he will not immediately call to the Shavanna and come back to hometown, but putting the letter folded back into the envelope and carrying about it.After many years, because he still can't forget Shavanna,he found the secret behind a break up letter, when he goes to see her.Then he makes a significant decision to help the man who is Shavanna's husband.
Sometimes, the surface of things is not the truth of the matter.There are many ways of to love a person.sometimes,although one has to leave,love doesn't.In a word,the true love is not possess,but to pay without asking for any reward.
according to the recent research .More and more college students start to take part-time jobs .From the graph of the percentage of college students taking jobs ,it's not difficult for us to tell the obvious difference .From 1990 to 2010.the percentage has gone up to 58%,that is a huge change.The following reasons can account for this phenomenon .On the one hand..the needy of low salary labors results in many students choose to work making extra money .On the other hand,the society pays more attention to the work experience.many students think it's necessary to put the knowledge into practice,so they could learn something more different than in class.Consequently.the number of college students who take part-time jobs increased.
Nowadays, people need to think about too much things, which may contributes to the tiredness of the brain, in the case, people will be less efficient to the projects they are doing.
Hence, at this time, the most necessary thing people should do is to have a rest.
However, it leads to conflict ideas of what people should do at the leisure time.
Some people think people can do some activities for improvement of the mind, while others believe they should just relax their mind completely.
I hold to the belief of the former.
The main reasons are listed.
For one thing, the brains can be smarter if people use them more often, thus some small games about intelligence, such as reading and doing word puzzies can improve people's mind.
After doing these training, people can be more effective when they are absorbed in the work.
In addition, people can own an agile mind, which never runs out of good ideas.
For another, after a long-time working, it is interesting for people to do some mind activities, killing their time and showing people different angles of the life.
However, if people are too exhausted to do anything, sleeping or approaching nature is their best choice.
What they need is the compete break, in this case, the activities that improve the mind will not have an effect.
For conclusion, everybody should find his own way to relax himself and find his most suitable way to spend their leisure time.
There are hounds of wonderful programs in TV every day.Of course,the news program always is my favorite.Almost every day,I am turn on the TV and wait for the news program.This almost become aport of my life.
The news program contains a large of information from the most serious international political affairs to the most enjoyable football games.The most important feature of the program is its fast rhythm.Because of this fast rhythm can contain so much information in such a short time.
I like this program because I like it to more than just a TV program itself.In fact it is a way of communication.From this programs,people can be wall in formed the affairs both at home and abroad in time.The world is developing,but if you watch this program every day,you will feel that you are in face with the development of the world.So,I would like the news program.
In the picture,a person whose head out from computer say something.His words which look like booms are assailing two person who looks very picnic.They are attempting to run in that for avoiding the assailing.
The reason why online rumors are harmful include many face.One the one hand ,it will lead to negative influence,it can make person feel sad ,picnic and depress,more serious ,it can force someone to blind way.On the other hand ,it also can make person produce shadow,whatever psychologest or body.Besides online rumors will make people chang their opining for one person ,it result in the person don't live normally in his circumstance .
In ord to put an end to this kind of phenomonon,the society should perfect law system and soar the punishment standers.The person should reinforce culture and improve quality .
All in all, as long as we work hard together to create clean and pure network circumstance,our tomarrow wii better.
The Yunmen mountain is in the east of China and in Shandong Qingzhou there is very beautiful and it has 421 metres high.
When I arrived, it was at nightfall.
We spend the night in the hotel.
Tomorrow,it was raining but,it will be fine after the meeting the Yunmen mountain is famous for it's Long life.
Long life the most famous words in 37 meters high, 75 meters wide.
We breathe the fresh air and see many kinds of trees and lots of birds.
We have a picnic at the top of mountain and take some photos with my friends.
In our life.
We do many things every day.
We always work the whole day and have fun in the evening.
Everyone has their own objective.
They encourage people beat difficulties in our life.
They are our dreams.
Dreams give us power and guide us run to right direction.
Dream is in our life.
Dream is in our heart.
Different people have different answers.
But dreams have a same characteristic.
We do things everyday.
Maybe we feel tired and sad.
But we never give up what we do.
Because dream encourage us.
It tell us what should we do.
It lei's exciting when we begin to enjoy life.
It changes us many ways.
Although dream is very beautiful not everyone has it.
Someone who don't have a strive heart.
They must have no dream.
Dream is only favor someone who loves life.
Life is a nest for dream.
A philosopher tell us: if someone don't have dream, they must don't have soul.
Maybe you think dream is not important.
But if you leave it.
You will regret your whole life.
A dream is to a man like wings are to a bird.
A heart with a dream, it will have great power.
They encourage hard work and tell us why we must try our best to struggle.
A life without a dream is like a bird with broken wings, confined to a cage and oblivious of what lies beyond the range of its vision.
On the contrary, a man with a dream is like a warrior armed with ambition, foresight and gallantry, daring to step into an unknown domain to make a journey of adventure.
It is dream that adds fullness, variety, and spice to our life and makes it worth living.
Not everyone can come true their own dream.
People want to come true their dream, they must try their best to improve themselves.
Success will favor someone who have a firm heart.
The way to dream is very dangerous.
Maybe you will hurt and sad.
Life need impetus.
Not everyone can find their direction.
Dream is very absurd, but they always realistic.
Our achievement is our dream.
Because at that time, we had these dream, we come true them.
Now ,when we see these achievement, we can remember our hard work for our dream.
We will be moved.
But we are all happy.
The life is very marvelous, the human knew the natural ability has the limitation, you never can know meets down can have any, when you thought especially oneself despairs extremely time .On perhaps the success path fills the variable, the success is only one kind of possibility.
Perhaps, we pass through for a lifetime endeavor, arrives the life the end point, finally has not obtained successfully, but, we did not regret, because of us diligently.
My life in the future will be more colorful and meaningful.
In the future,sutudents will not study at school,they at home through the computer study.I study at University of toronto.
I'm going to be a good designer after I graduate from the university.I want to go to Canada to live,I heard there is very beautiful and suit people to live.
Even if I work, I will never give up studing.
People will living in the beautiful apartments,It can move anywhere.
When we want to change the place we live, it will take us quickly without any trouble.
Life in the future will be much more wonderful than now, I think it will come true.
With the evolution of science,more and more new things emerge us round.Cloning of human beings is a hit issue.As far as I am concerned,cloning of human beings should be banned.
To begin with,if one person is cloned,he/she was born from then on it was different.In my opinion,not only his/her body but also his/her soul is not complete.
'This sentence will have been filled by in their ears.This may lead to the psychological problems.
Secondly,because of the psychological problems,he/she would do harm to the society.A war between man and human cloning would break out.
Finally when you see a pair of twins,you can hardly tell who's who.If your best friend is cloned,two completely same persons stand in front of you,can you pick out who is you best friend.The last but the most important is cloning of human beings departs from et hies.
As regards our feeling about the rapidly changing world, there has always been a heated dispute among the general public.
People who think negative to it may have the arguments as follows.
To begin with, some traditions has become a memory in people's life on account of the trendy things die out the traditions.
What's worse, many people find it harder to catch up with the changing world, and some people, especially those who confine themselves in the past even have been abandoned by the society.
By contrast, some people get sense of satisfaction from the constantly changing life.
There is no doubt that the living standard has risen to a high level in general.
Besides, people nowaday gain more and more opportunities to make the self-realization.
Actually, the essential point is the way people look upon new things.
For my own apart,people can be satisfied if they dare to accept the new things.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Now let me tell you something about it.
The island is encircled by sea.
It is famous for its scenic beauty, and it has a long history.
Wherever you go, try to interact not only with monuments but also with the people.
Our entertainment: boating, picnic, fishing and walking by the sea.
Remember: 1. be careful your personal safety; 2. the morning of the tour on the island; 3. noon meal in the afternoon on the island; 4. in the afternoon, we leave the island.
There are three wishes hidden in my heart.
It is to keep my sweet smile forever,such as getting rid of the boring issues and avoiding unnecessary trouble,becomes my first dream.
A smile,as the proverb has it,is the shortest distance between two people.
In addition,it can serve as a bridge not only connect two people but also shorten the distance between two hearts.
Moreover,I wish my friends always beautiful and delighted.
There is no denying that the more beauty brings the more joy.
Their happiness is to me what water to fish.
When it comes to my third wish,I would appreciate it if my parents can live for a long span without pain.
Taking care of me for 18 years,they deserve a peaceful life.
All in all,only by sparing no efforts,can I fulfill my wishes for the most part.
When it comes to reading, some people like to read books at home or cafe place , some people like to go to the library to read books.But there are many libraries can provide you reading a book in each region in every city.So,government should establish a library in each region in each city to for people to read or not.
In my opinion, the government should not establish free librabries in each town.
With the development of social technology, more and more people are using mobile phone or computer at home or other places you can visit all kinds of books.So the library is actually useless for a lot of people.
So,I think the government should not establish free libraries in each town.
I believe that it is a waste of money since the public can use the Internet at home to obtain information.
today is a rainy day, where there is a will there is a way.
Just for today I will try to live through this day only and not solve my whole life problem immediately.
I can do something for twelve hours that would appall me if I had to keep it up for a whole life.
Just for today I will adjust myself to what is, and not try to adjust everything to my own desires.
I will take my "luck" as it comes.
Just for today I will try to strengthen my mind.
I will study.
I will learn something useful.
I will read something that requires effort, thought and concentration.
Nowadays.university ranking is becoming more and more fashionable .
It is no question that the universities of China are developing .
On the university ranking, different people have different opinions.
Some people argue that it is helpful for the development of our education .
They think that competition among youths today to enter the best colleges is intense .
The university ranking can make people have the sense of competition and a driving force .
Some people think it is not benefit .
They don't reject that some useful factors it brings .
But.
come into being fetishism phenomenon .
The rest remain neutral .
Whatever it is.
they think it's none of their business .
We can't sure say which is right .
As far as I am concerned, I think it's important and necessary .
Today.more and more people lose their goals of lives .
The university ranking is a warning bell that we should have the sense of competition and a driving force .and also have the optomistic attitude for everything .
By the way.the university ranking also can help some companies choose better competent persons .
In a word.I think the university ranking is grate .
In today's highly developed and modern society, more and more stress held down people so strong that people are out of breath.
Stress, which is a word we must talk about, is a word we have to bear.
In Oxford Dictionary, the stress is defined as, "the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch)".
Then let's talk about stress in detail.
Overall there are three staple sources that are society, living and competition.
In the social aspect, as a citizen of a country, we need to take a lot of obligations, such as rate paying, supervision and so on.
In aspects of life, we should daily maintain our family life, and perhaps even buy a car and a house, regulate relationships with others.
In the competition aspect, it would be intuitive, and more dangerous.
For example, a miraculous enterprise may also instantly go bankrupt in a night.
Whether we are young or older, more or less have this feeling of stress from various ways.
While this is a natural form of social civilization era, but obviously, enormous stress will become an obstacle to our lives.
First, we should recognize the stress by rule and line.
In our lives, stress is a normal thing.
If we think that stress is not the devil and don't give rise to bring psychological problems to us, it will be the correct understanding of the stress.
Then, we should enhance our own confidence, boost our ability to withstand stress.
This would not be in a sudden oppression under tremendous stress, causing psychological and even physiological harm.
Finally, when the stress is too much, you should learn how to ease your stress.
You can divert your attention in a timely manner, and pour out your stress are good choices.
Instead of talking about that creating a stress free environment whose requirements are very difficult.
As we all know, in a word, there is no stress, there is no power.
And if there is no power, we can not rely on our own strength to obtain what we want.
If everyone becomes lazy, then mankind won't make progress.
If there is no stress, especially for a man who likes to work and in a long-term state of condition, it's bored and even distressed.
Stress has become an indispensable part of our lives.
Stress will always be with us in life.
Stress is everywhere.
Stress is like a double-edged sword.
Using it will not hurt yourself, but becomes a stepping-stone in your life.
So, when we understand what is the stress, how to deal with stress, we will be able to use it, to avoid the negative factors of stress, to utilize the positive factor of stress.
In today's society that develops with a fast pace, people will have more and more stress, but this is a good thing, it obviously true.
A few years ago it was fashionable to speak of a generation gap.
Parents complained that children didn't show them proper respect and obedience, while children complained that their parents didn't understand them at all.
Many critics argue that it is built into the fabric of our society.
One cause of the generation gap is the opportunity that young people have to choose their own life.
In traditional socieries, children live in the same area as their parents, marry people their parents know and approve of, and often continue the family occupation.
In our society, people often move out of the home at an early age, marry or live with people their parents have never met, and choose occupations that are rather different.
In our upwardly mobile society, parents often expect their children to be better than them.
However, these ambitions for their children are another cause of the division between them.
Often they discover that they have very little in common.
Finally, the speed of change in our society is another cause of it.
In a traditional culture, people are valued for their wisdom, but in our society the knowledge of a lifetime may become out of date.
The young and the old seem to live in two very different worlds, separated by different skills and abilities.
No doubt, the generation gap will continue to be a feature of our life for some time to come.
Its causes are rooted in the freedoms and opportunities of our society, and in the rapid pace at which society changes.
Friendship is a poem, write down something about you and me.
I think if we have a good bosom friend ,maybe we should value the emotion.
To keep touch with they,to write letter for they, to miss they and to have some reunion.If you not to do, the time goes by ,I and me don't to know what will happy to them and us.
Different people have different opion .
The driver write a letter to his friend but he didn't to mail it before the friend died, the sorry and regret full his heart ,he want to tell something to his friend but he not,friendship have some memory about child and school ,when we leave others,to keep touch with became vevery important.We need to share sorry and happines to others .So friend make us don't feel lonely and afair ,.Have them mean have anything ,love become loved by they.We can feel happy .Untill we became oldmen or oldwomem,our parents have died,and our childer have they friend ,only friend can make us feel satisfied.
If we can do, we should value the friendship,tell them you miss them and you love them.
Now,with the development of society,more and more people can through different channels to watch all kinds of TV programmes.
As for me,my most favorite TV programme is CCTV-10 where I like to explore and discover the program comparing with amusement programme or TV play,cinema,etc.Why it is?
In my opinion, I think exploring and discovering the programme abound in mysterious and it is satisfied with my curiosity.I like most the main reason is that it let me learn a lot about science,natural,and educational knowledge.What is more, it makes me open vision.
Last but not least it spreads a positive spirit towards to us so that I will explore this unknown world.
It can be said with certainty that I like watch it all the same time.
You are warmly invited to attend the dinner party for welcoming the Foreign Clients to be held on Friday, 2 September, 2015 at 7:00 p.m. in Room 203 of PuQuan Restaurant.
The dinner party for welcoming the Foreign Clients will be held at 7:00 p.m. and we think it would be a good idea if you attend the party.
This is a good opportunity to improve our relationship with our clients.
Your early reply would be very much appreciated and please give me a reply by the end of August whether you will attend.
We are hoping to see you at the party.
When you become a college student, it means that you start to lead another new life.College life is significant for us and we will get more knowledge from here.
In reality college life is just like a small society.In this small society, college is full of a great variety of competitions.
First, in college, we should do our best to make our college life more meaningful.
Second, in my spare time,I can play basketball,football and so on.
Doing sports is very interesting and good for your health.Finally I think that nothing on self study to the library.
And reading more books is necessary.
If I could change an important thing on compus I want to cancel the morning exercises.
First, there is no denying that, morning exercises are good to our heath, but non-proper morning exercises harmful for our heath.
For example, if the weather is windy and the air is dull or the fresh air is polluted, then the poisonous substance may be breathing.
On the other hand, if the road has some blocks, then we may hurt ourselves easily.
Second, morning exercises are not necessary.
We can have a jog, when we tired.
Some students with special situations, so they are not suitable to running fast, thus different students have different ways to exercise.
Third, morning exercises may affect our vigor.
Students supposed to bed late, morning exercises may make he more tired.
He may start to study with a low passion.
As for me, I think so.
Therefore I want to cancel the morning exercises.
The pie chart and the form show the using of transport and car in Edmonton.
In Edmonton, 45% people use cars, 35 percent of citizens take LRT and one tenth of people call a taxi.
The rest of people makes up the final 10 per cent.
When it comes to the question that why people use cars in the city, fifty-five percent of people prefers to commute to work by cars.
The number of people who would like to take cars to go shopping is 15 percent and there is the same amount of people who always join leisure activities by car.
Most people love kids and they finally have a child.
When these children are old enough for school, these 40 percent citizens who are now parents will need to take their children to school and that is why they choose cars, which is convenient for them.
A business man may consider that time is money so they buy cars to save their time, in which way they can save money too.
These busy men take about 45 percent of the ones who use cars.
Most people use cars and to commute to work is the biggest reason for using cars.
According to statistics , China has nearly 200 endemic species to disappear , nearly twenty percent of endangered plants and animals .
And in the world, every hour species to be labeled as death tags .
There is a scene in " The Marine " , human beings have caught sharks into the boat , cut off the shark's fin fish , and then dropped the sharks .
In fact this is not free , but buy shark to death .
Dropped after the sea , shark fins and not the tail , have already can't swim , struggling under the sink until the bottom of the sea , a few days later , her body will slowly decay , and be other fish eaten .
In addition , as far as I know , the so-called can extend the life of the shark's fin , actually to the human body is harmful .
The man first cut the shark's fin get half dry , and then put the harmful to the body of thing , let gray white shark fin , then dry .
The results of do this , one is killed an innocent life , two and harmful to the person's body .
Of course, so do only reason is money .
In fact , not only the shark so , polar bears , tigers , elephants , sable all faced ware cruel merciless killing human .
While , what the benighted person does not know is , the shark disappeared , the food chain is broken .
The food chain is broken , and the ecological environment is broken ring .
Ecological environment were destroyed , man will be confronted with death .
One day , human will be hoisted by their own petard .
Every coin has two sides, humans in get immediate interests, but also lost the most important thing, which is conscience .
Every life is equal, therefore, as one of the various species, human beings have no right to kill other species.
In other words, humans should not kill each other.
So please, stop it .
No business , no killing .
Parents give us too much.what they do for us cant't be measured by words .Just say "thank you"to express our grate.
When we are child parents look after us every day.Such as cooking for us,talking with us,teaching us do something.
On the contrary,nowadays much more college students never say" thanks" to their parents.May be there are two reasons for why they doing that so.one reason is they are shy,they don't know how to express themselves.the other one is they think it's unnecessary to do that.Our parents are very hard,and they never say tired when they care for us.they are great.
what we can do for them is very little.So we should say something to them to express our grate.For example,we can say "thanks",or" I love you" ,or "have a rset" to our parents.It's very easy.Our parents will happy when you say that to them,they will think their son or daughter is growing up.
As a saying goes,the trees desires repose,but the wind will not stop;the son desires sever,but his parents dre already gone.So according to our parents are still young,do something for them,and don't hesitate to say "thank you" to them.
In contemperary society, there is a growing number of parents, who, are addicted to raising their children unconditionally, to be more exact, in an overparenting way.
This is so far from the normal way i think.
Since I've experienced the so called unconditional love from my parents, as a result, parents having certain reservation in giving love to their children seem to be more appealing to me.
Parents being too kind is, no doubt, inimical to their children's both physical and mental healthy, as well as parents themselves.
In terms of parents, rasing children with cupious kindness means they have to reconcile their working time with their children's needs.
It may more or less have an influence on parents' careers.
What's more, with so much sacrification have made, as parents, they surely eager to be richly rewarded, whereas their children are much more likely disappoint them.
It mainly because of parents' unconsciousness of their children's loss of independence, ambition and the ability to overcome obstacles under the too much kindness.
That is why children are reckoned to be fragile nowadays.
So, to build a healthy parent-child relationship is of great importance.
Here are some advises.
First, it is extremely vital to spare certain spaces to each other.
Most parents who hold no reservation of giving love are used to monitoring their children every second which makes them feel suffocated, moreover, confined to a narrow eye to the wonderful world.
Their creativity, imagination and the zest toward life will certainly be diminished day after day.
Certain spaces can not only enable parents a little released but also children to grow up in a more insousient environment.
Secondly, mutual respect and trust are indispensable.
Without these, it can be excessively hard to run a healthy relationship.
I think be respectable to each other is the basis since children's ideas or thinkings are not supposed to be ignored by their parents.
Parents should be confident with their children and not necessary to prepare everything for them.
They ought to fave the society alone one day.
Before the time comes, parents should expose them to the reality rather than hide them in a limited area.
At last, family time will nodoubtedly facilitate the relationship to a more harmony one.
In a word, certain reservation is the basis to build a healthy family relationship and this requirs every family member to get involved and make efforts.
Nowadays, class absence is common in college whatever the kind of college is.
And worse, some teachers tend not to care about it.
What's more, this phenomenon becomes more and more serious.
I don't think this phenomenon is good for the education industry of China.
It has a bad effect on this whole society.
So all of us should try to avoid it.
In my view, the causes of this phenomenon are not just on students or teachers.
Students, teachers and this social environment are responsible for this phenomenon.
As students, we should remember our position and be not to do something out of our position; as teachers, teachers should lead the class in a correct direction, sometimes be strict is available; and last, the whole society should create a good condition, while not to tell the students that you have a lot of spare time in college and the college is where you can relax yourself.
Those wrong ideas are important factors which result in the serious problem.
So I think the class attendance should be required appropriately at college.
The more important is all the students and teachers should do their duties and the society should create a kind of atmosphere to make students be aware of the importance of class attendance.
There is no doubt that you shouldn't give us assignment for the National Day Holiday.
Firstly, we already have too many assignments.
This semester we have been doing assignments and doing assignments and doing assignments again.
Last week, we were asked to write down our opinions of the new semester, and over half of the students complained that there were too many assignments.
So, we don't want assignments any more.
What we want is rest, and this is a good chance, a 7-day holiday, with which we can use it to make a sightseeing tour, to get together with our friends, or to do anything we like.
In school time, we do what a student should do; and now it is holiday time, we should have fun instead of being occupied by school work.
Secondly, if you insist on giving us assignment, which irritates us so much, you may not get what you want actually, because we may just do it perfunctorily.
We do the assignment, because we can get some training and benefit from it.
Just let us have a holiday without pressure, and we will appreciate you.
And if the assignment is really important, you can put it off.
You have so many chances in the rest of this semester, but we only have one.
Thirdly, if you won't do it for us, just do it for yourself.
See, if you give us the assignment, we both need to spend much time on it.
We need to finish it, and you need to correct them.
What's more, as I mentioned, you can guess the quality of our assignments, and I don't think it will not affect your happy mood.
Then, let's expect the happy holiday.
Gold prices are too low can explain changes in the world economy.
See from the chart, the price of gold between 1970-2012 years there had been great fluctuations.
 gold prices the lowest in the history of gold is almost worthless.
Until 1980, the price of gold is only a slight rise in the price of gold in 1980 became the then highest price --- $ 700.
And since then, the prices are $ 400 gold price fluctuations, has not changed much.
Beginning in 2002, the gold price had a remarkable change, then soared all the way until 2012 for $ 1800.
Also starting in 2012, and rapid and steady development of the world economy.
I believe that gold prices have been rising because of the economic level to promote people's living standards improve, and world peace and development, social stability.
Encourage people to consume luxury goods, to enjoy life, so that the price of gold higher.
There are some recent surveys showing that a great many college students download papers from the Internet to finish their assignments easily.
Some students prefer that is a common phenomenon to do the assignments with much useful information; while others believe that this sort of academic dishonesty exerts some harmful influences on college students.
As far as I' m concerned, I' am also in favor of the latter one.
To begin with, academic dishonesty on campus means the dishonesty of learning style.
Fine style of study is not only a basic guarantee of educational goal but also indispensable to both individual and collective growth of talents.
As a student, we also represent the image of school towards society.
Secondly, academic dishonesty on campus means the bad role modal to younger generation.
We have to do our assignments independently rather than follow the bad role modal of senior members and we should set a good example to others by avoiding academic dishonesty.
Moreover, academic dishonesty means irresponsibility.
From about what I mentioned, we should be aware of the harmful effects of academic dishonesty on campus and keep us away from it.
Being honest of academic assignments is the best way to face up to challenges about whether to be a true person or not in daily life in the near future.
As is known to all that public square dancing or Gaung Chang Wu gains great publicity and popularity for Chinese, old and young, male and female, because a great number of people who dance hold that it benefits their body and mind.
Firstly, public square dancing upsets other's daily life.
On one hand, people who dance are mainly those who don't have to work on time or don't need to work necessarily, so they can be entirely involved into the shared dancing, without concerning others.
On the other hand, they usually dance with the high pitch of music, which severely disturbs other's normal rest and work, because when they dance in the early morning or in the late evening in the public square or even in the neighborhood or community, others might still sleep sound or work with full concentration.
Secondly, the high-pitched sound from public square dancing contributes to the noise pollution to the city.
It is self-evident that the music must be turned up to almost full volume and then all the dancers can follow the rhythm of the dancing, as we know there are usually scores of people and even more who participate into this public activity.
Unless they do, they will not catch up.
Instead, they causes more noise to the calm and peace of the city in an unfavorable way often.
Despite the advantages of public square dancing, only a small group of people could join as more have their work to do and it can not be extended to all citizens for different reasons, so people who dance should take others into consideration by turning down their music or finding some other places to entertain rather than in the community or areas like this, which then can be beneficial to build a harmonious community.
The explosive development of traffic tools has facilitate the convenience of our life.Regardless of the merits of the plane,some people would rather travel by train.Above all is that the higher factor of safety than plane,which is the significant concern by most of people.What's more,it won't take people's too much time to arrive in the lounge in advance.Last but not least,most of the train station are located near the downtown which is convenient for people to get into destination.
I think people discover Amazon jungle is bad.
Because discovery will bring bad thing and bad for earth.
If you go to the Amazon jungle, you will found many people and animal's skeletons.
The skeletons are from around the world.
Becsuse people's curiosity is so strong, good, there will have more and more people come here.
If you can, these so good.
But you can not, there will become have more and more people.
Because we discover the Amazon jungle is not finished.
There are many we don't know things.
Amazon jungle has too much forest resources.
Some people will sell the resources.
These people don't think the resources will be use run out of something.
They don't know the earth is facing the resources crists.
They just know how to do they get interest.
They don't know their method will bring destructive thing.
And the brids didn't have family.
This is so bad.
It will make a lot of pollution to the enviroment, if we discover Amazon jungle finished, the jungle willchange a palce for torist.
So there will come more and more people, and people will bring many rabish.
The rubish are bad for naturl, the jubgle will disappear.
The erath wiil be bader and bader.
We will can't live in the earth.
So we will change for tmorrow.
I think discovering Amazon jungle is bad for us and earth.
So from my point od view if we don't need discover.
we shouldn't do that.
I believe the students are in a National Day inside, put a holiday, and this holiday should gain a lot and has a lot of knowledge of.
During the National Day, I did not go home, I did some interesting things.
Every night to see the book for some time, I think reading is a thing to make people calm, I saw "The Great Gatsby" is the American writer Vladimir Scott Fitzgerald to 1920s New York City as the background of the novel, the rich and the beast in the book Nick met a series of ups and downs of love story.
The work I made a total of five days of part-time experience is not that much, in doing part-time, I almost daily morning to evening, not late, afraid to work late,I did leaflets, attendant work,but also appreciate the hard work, and if not finish the task, there will be no salary, but also understand the parents for the hard work of our school, the National Day did not go home, did not I feel sorry for the share 3.
I want to study English for different reasons.First,English is one of the required courses ,so I have nothing to do but to study English .secondly ,with the development of the world we begin to learn more about the world and communicate with people who come from western country .therefore we need to study English to chat with them .last but not least ,learning English can let us learn more about western civilizations .in a word, English-learning have become one of the most important courses so I want to study English.
Last weekend it was very busy with me.
Because I helped my parents to do a lot of things.
At 7:00,While I woke up,my mother came over.
"I replied.
After that,Iwent to have breakfast.
When I finished my breakfast,my mom came over.
At 11:00, it was time to cook.
I must help my mom cut some vegetables.
After lunch,Idid my homework.
When I finished my schoolwork,my mom let me wash the clothes.
I think it was too tired......
Everyone dreams of success,but not everyone is able to smooth.You will encounter an army of difficulties and you may give up,you may also persist.
The strong will is an important guarantee of success,an army of successful people have a strong willpower.It can only be accomplished by strong will have great mission.For example, Deng Jiaxian to complete the atomic bomb experiments, precisely because of his perseverance and never giving up.The students, too, do not study hard, after all, does not become useful until.We should set himself a goal, tell others and let others whip you.
And every day to remind yourself, never give up their goals.
Must have a goal will have aggressive power, there must be the target will know the joy of life, in order to scale new heights.
I'm very happy to write this letter to you.Now,I'd like to tell you something I've happened here.
First,I learnt and communicated with my Chinese friends.We do sports together,such as table tennis and football.
I have visited many places of interest in Beijing,They are the Grate Wall,the Forbidden City and the Summer Palace.I watched Peking Opera and tasted a very famous course:Beijing roast duck!I also went to Chinese history museum to learn Chinese history.
I enjoy living here,the Chinese people are very friendly and enthusiastic.Wish you were here!
brands.
brands are the symbol of fashion.
brands.
For this kind of phenomenon, many people oppose strongly.
trend as well.
However, their family can't afford, parents also can't refuse.
As far as I'm concerned, long-term to pursuit of famous brands will become a habit.
control yourself.
They are our good friends living in the global village.
They were so happy to enjoy the beauty of nature, but human beings stop their peaceful life.
As we all know, animals are natural resources that people wasted all through our history.
According to a recent survey, more and more animals are killed for their skin, meat, rare parts for medicine and simply because they are in the way by human beings.
It is known to everyone that the unrestrained slaughter of wild animals has diminished the number of some endangered species.
More and more species are being driven to extinction every year.
People kill an elephant just for its ivory, kill a bear just for the bear's paw, and kill a rhinoceros for its horn.
Snake dishes have become popular in recent years.
Snake meat in various flavors is often seen in restaurant advertisements.
It seems that eating snake is now in vogue, and if you haven't eaten snake yet, you are considered out of date.
The reason why many people kill the animals is that they pursue the profit.
Only stop the need of consumer can eventually stop the killing of the animals.
Reason is simple, if people no longer need them, the hunters will not at the risk of doing the crime thing.
It is worthless.
In my opinion, every animal has its place in the balance of nature.
We should not be cruel any more.
Many people nowadays desire to have a more peaceful world in which human and animals are friends.
Having this dream, we should make a good effort to make this dream come true.
What's more,we should educate people and let them realize that protecting animals and becoming friends with them are worthwhile.
The last but not least, we should improve our law.
It can stop the behavior strictly and effectively.
Said and his orientalism has made great contribution to literature.
As a crucial branch of post-colonialism, orientalism has three levels of meaning.
First, it is a historical and comprehensive subject, which covers psychology, linguistics, and so forth.
Second, it is a way of thinking on the basis of the Orient and the Occident.
In a word, it is the reappearance of all kinds of cultures of the slaves who live in the eastern world.
Third, it is a sort of power language.
This essay aims at the analysis of One Out of Many from Said's orientalism.
One Out of Many is written by VSNaipaul, who won the Nobel prize in 2001, the Booker prize in 1971.
It introduces the main character Santosh, who is a cook from Bombay, India.
In Bombay, he is complimented by people everywhere for his employer's status and his competence in cooking.
However, when he leaves for Washington, he makes a lot of mistakes and can't adapt to that place in every aspect.
He experiences the loss of dignity, identity, and personal character.
Just as he said, he is a free man, but he loses his freedom forever.
It's a popular way to buy things which you want.
Now I'm going to talk about it.
First, it is convenient for us to shop online.
Because we don't need to get on a bus which is filled with people.
Second, the shops in the internet open the whole day.
Third, we needn't to line up when we are shopping.
But there are something not good when we are shopping online.
For example, we can't touch the things we want to buy or enjoy the interest of shopping with your friend.
I think shopping online is convenient, but it also has risk.
However, use or not use, just depend on you.
Long time no see.How are you?I received your letter.As your best friend,I know you have moved a new city,you have lots of problems.
You almost have no friends.You have classes or go on line at home every day,I also know you feel so lonely.
I think it is a good idea fou you to make more friends.What's more,you can take part in social activity.With time going on,it will be well.
I miss you.The holiday I will go to your city to see you.
The purpose of the cartoon is to tell us the importance of reading literature.Now many young people have no interest in reading literature,they think that literature and his life is very far away don't need to read.But actually reading literature has great benefits for us, is very important to us.
A good literature can get you to know a life experience through the eyes of someone other than yourself.The more experience you gain,the more knowledgeable you are.And,a good literature is an effective way for relaxation .The beautiful and moving scenes shown in the literature are helpful for one is mental health.
Nowadays.more and more museums are opening face for the whole society for free.management do this is order to let more people know a good deal of cultures about history.and these cultures are not often known in daily life.
But this behavior has product some questions.For example.Free Admission to Museum will be attract a lot of tourists to look around.so the environment of museum will be polluted.There are some rubbish.
In addition to this.some institutions can be breaking.
In my opinion,Free Admission to Museums have advantage also have disadvantage.The number of people will be increase and the pressure of museum would be biggest.Of course.open museum for free would help people save money.The most important thing is that more people can known a lot of knowledge for history .nature.science.nation and so on.So I think .it is benefit for our to learn more knowledge if the museum free open.
My maths teacher is an oragnised woman in forties.She is very intelligent and she teaches maths so well.In the past,I don't like maths at all.But in senior high school,I begin to like maths day by day.My maths teacher is very patient with us,what's more,she help us with our lessons carefully,sometimes I ask her for help in some quertions,she also has an enthusiastic attitude to me.My maths teacher wants to improve us ability in solving problems by ourselves.It is very important for us.However,she is very stict with us in many ways,such as homework,exams and so on.But I also like her very much.
In generally speaking,I will try my best to learn maths better.
Juliet woke up, realizing that Romeo can not be with her any more.
She was so sad and weak that she did not want to continue being in the world.
She believed that they would get together after she died.
Just the moment she picked up the knife, ready to stick it in her body, an old woman appeared, she stopped Juliet and gave her a little bottle of liquid, which could make Romeo awake.
Surprisingly, a few minutes later, Romeo came to breath, he was alive again.
They hug each other with tear in their eyes.
Since then, they have lived a happy life forever.
Recently the issue of "Take the gall-bladderr from the bear alive" has become the focus of public concern.
As we all know, animals are friends of human, we should protect them from danger.
Instead, some businessmen still get extreme profits by hurt the animals.
For example, they keep the bears in cages, feeding them totake the gall-bladder.How cruel!
They also said that the process was happy for bear.
I wander that who can settle to confront with the problem.
Why is the thing happenning ?What is the beginning?the answer involves two factors,I think.
If no one spend money on the production of gall-bladder of bear,the business wouldn't aroused, no matter how valuable it is .
Therefore ,unless we forbid the original of business ,so we can avoid the bears being hurt.We should appeal to the society to protect the animals and refuse to use the productions made by animals.
Second, the businessmen can't avoid the responslbility.They were puzzled with extrme profits.
As long as it could make money ,they can regardless of work ethic,so they tried their best to feed bears as much as possible to gain profits.Obviously,they have seen the market,in the field of gall-bladder of bear.So the consumer still the main reason on the some kind of level.
Animals play an importment role in our life,we can't live better without them.So protected them is protect ourselves.For our haappy life, we should start with now, give up upper ,pursuit equal,make friends with animals.
The issue of take the gall-bladder from the bear alive is worthy to be considered.
It is an extremely sensitive topic for us to argue that whether college students should be allowed to get married.Somebody may think that college students are impetuous and reasonless,and they believe that we cannot make sure we have chosen the right men or women to be the one who will accompany us all the time.And they may also think we college students cannot take the responsibility to be a husband or a wife because it is far more difficult than being a boyfriend or a girlfriend.
I totally appreciate the unfavourable things which may gonna happen when two college students get married.But in my piont,you can stop a lot of things but not love.Love is a wonderful but a magical thing.
You may be never sure whether you love that guy or not but sometimes you maybe always know you love that guy totally.
Even if you have been in the society for a long time,you may still do not know whether you should marry your lover.So I think love is something you cannot stop and the time is not the standard for the level of your love.College students also can have true love.Therefore when he or she gets the right person,they can go and get married.Why should we prevent them going after their happiness?
But it is significant for me to point out that we should not ban the college students to get married,but we indeed should know that we should make sure we are doing the right thing.And in my opinion,we college students should put our energy in study and try to prove our ability and we should know marriage is not an easy thing.It needs a great part of the time and energy.So I suggest college students hold on their feelings.But we should not set a law to ban it,for it is their own choice.
So college students should be allowed to get married,but we should be deliberative when we make our decision.
But I believe that everyone has a same aspiration that they can be healthy forever.
Reading is to the mind while exercise to the body.If you don't want to ill,you should take an active part in doing sports to keep you healthy.For me to have a healthy lifestyle,I spent a very long time developing good habits.I do exercise two or three times a week at least.I often run and play badminton.It is not boring.But the most important thing is to persist.
Although at the beginning of a dream, as long as keeping doing,do not easily give up,dreams can come true.
A really talent show.
The Voice of China which was first shown on the Zhejiang TV, has attracted a great amout of TV audiences.
This fantasy TV show offers a special selling point for audiences_------blind auditions where judgel don't appereciate,the singer's perfermanie face to face,they expre interest in the singers they would like to couch by turning their chairs, if more than one judge turns, the contestant has a chance to made the final decision.
In a nutshell ,what most impressed me is its honesty , that's why audiences enjoy the show.
And the show focuses on how to lock at the bright side and to give people positive energy.
Every girl desired a"perfect husband "in her mind.
I've asked myself .
The requirements are simply.
He may not be as handsome as Jason Statham who is my favorite star, but he must be neat and your appearance must make others, feel comfortable.
He should tall enough in that I'm more than 1.60 meters tall.
I like the man who is humorous ,he must always be ready to cheer me up whenever I feel depressed .His shape can be as strong and healthy as he wants, overweight or skin and bone disgusts me.
He is always ready to go shopping with me in great energy.
He must be romantic, so we can do crazy things together: lay on the grass to watch the stars at night, take a stroll on a rainy day, eat ice-cream on a chilly winter day, and watch a horrible movie on a sunny day.
And also a person who would listen to me carefully when I need an ear to talk to.
The significant thing is that my husband must love his parents, a man who love his parents would be abound in responsibility .I would also like to have a husband who is well-educated, in that I will have a four-year college degree .He necessarily has to graduate from a university .He must be mature enough in dealing with things .And he must be ambitious in his career.
However,no matter how perfect the standards are,all of the above will probably crash when the right person turns up.One day, I'll meet my Mr.Right.
This summer, Zhejiang Satellite TV plans a music reality show called The Voice of China, which attracts a large crowed people of all ages.
This show has a special rule---- blind auditions.
The tutors can only sit in the front of the stage without looking at the singers' performance, listening to their voice.
They can choose the students they like by putting on the button and turning the chair when they express interest in someone's voice.
If more than one tutor turn the chair, the signer will have the opportunity to choose one of them.
In my view , it's the love of music that most move me.
The signers live in different parts of China with diverse experience come to Zhejiang to show their loves to music and achieve their dreams.
It not only bring some old songs into fashion again by adding some modern styles, but also focuses on how to inherit our traditional musical culture.
As far as I concerned , it's worth to be popularized.
Today I want to introduce to you my high school English teacher.
Her name is Y, let me talk about her.
First of all, she is a twenty year old female teacher, short hair, wearing glasses.
Then, different from my junior high school teacher is, she implemented the whole English teaching, although I understand it is not easy, but this can exercise our English listening.
She is a strict teacher, who will leave a lot of homework, but we all like her.
My high school English teacher looks very nice .
energy to make us listen carefully in the class.
We all like her.She is our friend more than a teacher.
She devotes all her time to making us achieve better grades.As far as I am concerned,she is an excellent teacher.
Now,I have entered the college,in my hope of that my English teacher is able to be very good,nice,and friendly.
students not only in studying,but also in life.
In addition to these ,my ideal college English teacher order to have the fashion thinking, so that she can make us learn of the newest things all the time.
my speaking skills,if so ,I could be more confidence.
frequently .
Nowadays , the whole world is much more like a global village .
The development of the Internet makes the communication more convenient.
The conflict between different cultural is disappearing.
When we refer to movies , we think of Hollywood ; when we refer to literature , we think of Gone With The Wind or someone like Shelly ; when we refer to festivals , we can only think of something called Valentine's Day .
That might seem that Chinese culture can't find its place in the world.
Cultural globalization is a challenge to China .
We don't have a strong will to discover the merit of our own culture ,so loads of Chinese features were used in Hollywood movies to gain interests and reputation ,such as panda and Chinese Kungfu .We haven't established a proper system to promote and protect Chinese traditional culture .
China will gradually fail in the globalization if we don't do something .
However on the other hand , globalization is also an opportunity for China .
We have more alternatives to take in advantages of other countries , more places to compete with the rivals in this arena and more ways to express our own opinions .
There are many ways to change this situation .
Firstly , we should establish a system to protect the traditional culture .
Secondly , we must come up with the typical points in Chinese culture and use them in movies .
The most crucial thing is , we should be much more creative .
Combining the traditional factors with the creative thoughts can make Chinese culture more competitive and attracting .
China must find its own way in the globalization .
Nowdays,there is no denying that low-carbon lifestyle has become a popular thing across the nation.
Low-carbon lifestyle is so widespread that it is severely affecting to our life and economic development.
and foremost,we should save electricity like put out lights when we out of the room.Furthermore,when we go out ,we should obey to low-carbon lifestyle as possible as we can like by bikes or bus instead of cars.Last but not least,we should reduce the energy that give off carbon.
As far as I'm concerned,as college students,we should on foot or by bikes when we are in campus and by bus when we are out.We should protect trees and other green plants.If we do so,I think low-carbon lifestyle will make our life more beautiful and attributes to the economic development!
I'm a junior student in college.
Looking back at the past two years in college , either as a freshman or a sophomore , I'm grateful to the college for developing my awareness of the whole range of values and a better understanding of the human condition.
In other words, college has affected my life through varies activities.
In 2009,I became an English major student at CYU.
This is also the first time I left my hometown.
At the first several months, I missed my parents very much.
The senior sisters and brothers are very warm-hearted and gave us a lot of help.
I began to build up my confident and used to lead a different lifestyle compared with the high school.
I chosen to join the College Student Career Developing Club and became a member of the practice section of The English Department Committee.
The Stimulation Interview Competition left me a deep impression.
Though I'm only a ministrant during that competition, I broadened my horizons and accumulate interview experience.
Once I took part in a One Day Logistics Experience Activity , which made me decided not to waste foodstuff anymore and have a deeper understanding of the support crew.
Another thing which made me unforgotten was that a sister let three of us in the practice section to make a request to someone who is famous in one field and care about the youth development to give a commonweal lecture for us college students.
This was really a complicated question for me to handle with, It was a failure in the end ,I made all my efforts to do that and I found I have made progress in the methods and customs contacting with others.
In Beijing.
I made many friends and learned some professional knowledge in social work .On the last day of that program I really felt that if you give more efforts then you will gain more happiness.
Now I'm a junior student ,there still many challenges and opportunities ahead ,I will continue to realize my dream with passion .
Mobile phone as a kind of information channel, is the product of the era.
As mobile phone function more and more comprehensive, not only makes the modern people's life more convenient and quick a modern indispensable necessities.The technology of mobile phones has made many things easier for people.
Someone can reach us or we can call someone wherever we are.
However, people are unaware of the negative effects of mobile phones on communication.
Due to the convenience of mobile phones, many people have started to engage in social interaction in person less than before.
In addition, mobile phone communication lacks facial expressions and body language, without which communication becomes less personal.
Consequently, some people get confused and nervous while talking to a person face to face because they mostly talk to people on mobile phones.
They even do not know the manners of communication.
As far as I am concerned, we should use mobile phones in a wise way and try to avoid depending too much on them.
The earth provides us with views of every conceivable kind: the mountains that tower into the sky; the rivers that run into the sea; the forest in which all kings of animals live harmoniously.
As for me, the boundless ocean has always been my fairyland.
However, living in the inland city, I had never been able to have a walk on the beach until this summer vocation when ,together with two of my friend, I got a chance to travel in NanAo, a town famous for its beautiful sea view.
After the 8-hour-journey, we finally arrived at the town.
The very act of stepping on this soil, in breathing this air of the town, was for me a far greater excitement than any trip I'd previously taken.
The moment I set foot on the beach, I was shocked by what I saw: the seawater extends as far as the eye can see; the beach stretches all the way along the coast; the see breeze blows rhythmically with the wave.
It was so natural and mild.
Getting the life buoy, I could not wait to dash into the sea.
Though the sun was hidden by the cloud, the seawater wasn't cold.
Immersed in the warm water, I was not aware of the change of the weather and the height of the wave until a huge wave hit me and for the first time I felt the taste of the seawater.
Before I could keep my feet, another wave hit again.It was so powerful that I could not catch the life buoy and thus I sank into deep water.
Suddenly, all the sound disappeared, nothing could be seen but the dimly visible sunlight.
I was in a silent world and my mind went completely blank.
I thought I would die this way for a moment.
By animal instinct I hooked the life buoy and struggled to get out of the water and finally I make it.
Sitting on the beach, I was like a stone because the water blurred my eyes and choked my throat.
It was not until I got totally recovered from the panic that I realized what a horrible experience I just had.
And this must be an memorable thing in my life.
The lesson I learnt from this experience is that I should always be cautious of the potential danger.
Everyone gave me a wonderful present when I had a birthday party.I can receive lots of presents,such as a doll,some new clothes and a bag back.But my favorite present is a little dog.My mother gave it to me when I Was ten years old.
It is named Tina.It is brown and black.It is very lovely and clever.
One day,I was unhappy because of too much housework.It lay on my legs and looked at me.It said "Wang wang" and gave me a smile.For a moment,I gave a smile back to it.Then I took it for a walk.Both of us became happy.
Tina is my pet dog,it is my favorite birthday present.
my name is Y, 20 years old, female, graduated from X international business vocational college.
My major is business English.
Now, I am writing to seek for a position as business Manager.
In spite of i am short for working experience but my academic report at school was excellent and i am ready for work.
During the national days of 2012, i do an assistant of sales for four days which encouraged me to believe that whatever my mind can dream it, i can make it so.
My diploma and training certificates are attached for your consideration.
I would be glad if you could offer me an interview.
Contact Information: Email: 88888888888@qq.
Nowadays, it takes news discoveries in our life.
In twentieth centuries, people take discovery for space, so people use projectile to the moon.
In twenty-first centuries people also take discovery for deep the ocean, so people developed a deep-sea research vessel.
We can know people ascertain new things every day.
They may belong to nature and they may also belong to the energy.
Now people want to get new discoveries about nature like wind energy, water energy and bioenergy.
And people also want to get new discoveries about synthetic energy like nuclear energy and other highly efficient energy.
Regardless whatever it is anything they both accept different influences for our life and that will make a better life for people.
With the development of society, modern city plays a more and more important role in nowadays.
However, some people living in countryside maintain that the development of city should be stopped.
When all the factors to be considered, I am holding the opposite position.
Not only should cities be developed, but also villages ought to be replaced by cities.
As to me, I have a passion for city, but I can't bear with English.
First and foremost, there is a general realization that city life is much more convenient.
An increasing number of supermarkets provide all kinds of goods.
A considerable number of fundamental facilities exist around us.
It goes without any question that living in city is more convenient.
Besides, it is unavoidable that city life is much more comfortable.
Varieties of traffics make our travel comfortable regardless of rainy days.
Last but not least, a country's urbanization process is one of the key elements of development level.
Whatever, living in big city is my first choice.
son for many reasons.such as the more and more automobile appearance,blew a whistle has become the pollution;be improved to technology,the machine doesn't stop run,it also caused noise pollution;with the improvement of living standards,people's night life is abundant,bars kara OK and disco influence people the advent of hearing.These examples the most direct harm to our hearing impairment,It also can lead to illness,affect sleep.
so the factory should be built far from urban,as appropriate whistle to stop the vehicle,people don't often frequent entertainment,reducing the harm of noise on our.
In my opinion, friends bring me a lot, especially happiness.
When I fail exams and feel upset, they always encourage me to do better next time.
They often tell jokes to make me happy when I am sad.
They can give me helpful advice and ideas when I am in trouble.
I can learn how to hold in respect from making friends and I can also become more responsibility from it.
On Septerber 29, 1982, two people living in Chicage died of cyanide poisoning, pushing Burke who operated Johnson&Johnson ordered the immediate recall of 93, 000 bottles of pills which came from the limplicated in the deaths.
Though having taken some actions, there was a corporate crisis of historical significance.
Finally, Burke made a decision that all 31 million bottles of Tylenol capsules on American soore shelves be moved, which turned out to be a smart thing as Tylenol did regain it's market share whthin a year.
In my eyes, the narrow road to the true success is responsibility and only when a corporate starts to serve the society with all the hearts does the corporate starts to be recognized and established.
At first.we eat food just at home in the old time.we can eat whatever we like with our families.However.we should think what can eat before we eat it now.and we often dine out.secondary.when we were children.we only can listen to radio or watch the white and black TV.
now we can watch colorful TV.
Nowadays,majirty of the university and college students have unhealth habits of their lifestyles.For example,they don't sleep until mid-night,even more stay up all the night.They shopping a lots,what's more,sometimes they can't afford it.
some of the youngers are inddication in the computer games.These phenmena are very widely among them.
The unhealth lifestyles will cause some problems of their Physical and psychological.Firstly,they have no mently to have classes,so their goals will be bad.
In recent years ,cell phones have grown in popularity, which are now essential to millions of people as a convenient form of communication.The number of private phones has also risen tremendously within the past few years.
You can find them not only at home or company but in every adults even children .
With their incredible convenience and fantastic speed,it enable people to easily and quickly communicate with one another,wherever you are, you can instantly reach somebody,not need to meet someone in person .That why phones has getting increasingly important in our life.
With the devolopment of technology cell phones have more and more useful function.We can use it to listen music ,watch movies and read books,it can even used to as a dictionary or private computer.According to the investigation the number of people who use their cellphones is growing exponentially.Some people can now no longer imagine life without their cell phones.
people won't stop eating just because of the risk of choking.
With the devolopment of new techniques, mobile phones will have more applications and more convinent.We just should be careful in using cell phones.
As the saying goes,curiosity is the best teacher.And it keeps hardworking and persistent.We won't let it up till the work have been finished.
As for we college student,we had selected the major before we went to college.Most students chose it according their curiosity and interest filed at that time.The major we would take in for four years,even more than four years.Then we would enter the work world in relation to the major in the future.Some students chose their major just reflected on their prospect of the major and ignored their real interest and curiosity.So nearly most of them would not achieve a lot progress in the end.To tell the truth,only we come to develop a habit of creative thinking and innovative design can we break through our though limitation to keep energetic and patient.We would get a new higher achievement.
In a word,we should develop the curiosity of the art of creative thinking.
Diplomatic discourse is a language tool, showing a country's openness and defending its interests.
Compared with general language, one of its defining features lies in its research tactics and politeness.
Thus, being one of the tactics and speech techniques of diplomatic language, vagueness is always used in diplomatic discourse, as proper vagueness can meet the special needs of social contact and carry out several rhetorical and communicative functions.
Thus, there is no doubt that vagueness becomes an indispensable artistic skill for diplomatic personnel, public relation officials and other people.
To date, however, many scholars would separately discuss the use of the euphemism and vagueness in diplomatic discourse, while few of them would research the similarities and differences between the vagueness in euphemism and vagueness itself in diplomatic discourse, based on the Politeness Principle.
With regard to the research of euphemism, Jiqi(2005) and Zhao Wenxue(2005) have analyzed the political and diplomatic euphemism in the speeches of American presidents; Yu Haijiang(1992) has analyzed the communicative function and structure of English euphemism; Enrigh DJ(1985) has simply analyzed the uses of euphemism, and the like.
With regard to the research of vagueness, He Ziran(2000) has researched the pragmatic vagueness; Chen Yide(2001) has researched rhetorical vagueness and its pragmatic functions; Lackoff G.(1972) has researched the standard and logic of vagueness, and the forth.
Thus, this research would dedicate to the vagueness in euphemism and vagueness itself in diplomatic discourse, based on the Politeness Principle, to promote a better understanding of English learners in the use of vagueness in euphemism and vagueness itself in diplomatic discourse and to better grasp the real intention of diplomats and inspire us in daily life.
II.
This part reviews researches relating to the present study.
It is composed of four parts, explaining the researches over diplomatic discourse, euphemism, vagueness respectively, and their relations with one another.
Last week I went to Mount Yunmen.
When I arrived there,it was raining.
We have no umbrella,so we had to buy a big umbrella to take shelter from rain.
Mount Yunmen is in Qingzhou of Shandong Province.
It's 421 metres high.Standing at the top of the Mount and looked down the scenery.The most famous is a word"life".
It's about 7.5 metres high and 3.7 metres wide.
The air is very fresh there.
There are many kinds of trees and lots of birds.
I had a picnic with my parents and we took photos for the scenery.
I remained by the Mount for about half three hours,and had a great time.
I felt very very happy,and I also made some friends there.
I hope to go there once again.
Dear Madame, Thank you very much for your letter and the inclosure literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.
If you think you can,then do not excuse not to delay,go into action.When we clean that on thought,we can,and then act on what is stop us?
Maybe,time constraints are the factors stop us moving forward,Perhaps,is helpless of life always make us feel helpless,May be,more and more is our self-righteous concern.
I have been always considering if you think you can as something to relax ourselves or something that can add color to the dull routine of everyday life.
The majority of people believe that if you think you can will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skills,which may put them in a favorable position in the future job markets.
Now people in growing numbers are beginning to believe that if you think you can learning new skills and knowledge contributes directly to enhancing their job opportunities or promotion opportunities.
We ever thought of,however,since the thought did not stop,then action,what is the cause to be.
So,please follow the ideas into action,we have not stopped thinking.We think we can,so,we will go to efforts to achieve,we think,I believe we will have a more colorful life.
we should reflect on what is causing global warming.
I think it should be people burn fossil minerals or deforestation and the burning of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases.
On the one hand, rising temperatures could cause the Antarctic peninsula and the arctic sea ice to melt.
the polar bear and walrus win gradually die out.
second many of the island will be wiped.
third Rising temperatures, will affect our life.
To the production areas, such as: agriculture, forestry, animat husbandry, fishery and other departments.On the other hand, Accumulated temperature increase, may make the agricultural production may be optimized under the condition of hydrothermal filling area,melting glaciers creatures can be found underneath the ice sheet, increase human understanding of nature.
I think that the destruction of the environment is not just on one side, only by our joint efforts in environment proection, care for the environment, with little start from around things, to create a beautiful and harmonious home.
The relationship between lifestyle and health is extremely close,There are an increasingly number of people choosing to adopt a sedentary lifestyle in the modern day.We should pay more attention to our lifestyle.
If people have a good lifestyle,such as no smoking,on drinking,no staying up all night and they frequently take part in exercise.People don't always experience health problems,such as obesity and disease.And if people's body is very well.They psychological problems such as depression or anxiety can disappear.
We have already knew the important relationship between lifestyle and health.We must know how to keep a health lifestyle.First of all,we should take more exercise.Secondly,wo don't stay up late.Lastly,We don't smoke or drink, and keep a good habit of eating.
In order to having a good health,we must keep a healthy lifestyle.Only in this way can we become more and more cheerful and happy.
Today, I coming to the Northwest University for Nationalities with my brother.
I was difficult to imagine my college life has begun.
Firstly, As is known to all, Northwest national university is a public secondary degree.
Have a long history of running.
Secondly, I known.
This university is the place that will fifty-six nationality to include fifty-five national minority get together.
And, my class has a large number of national minority.
Finally, I meeting my roomie altogether three people.
They respectively from Sichuan guangyuan, Shanxi ankang, Gansu gannan.
The four years in the university will company with them.
I hope that I can make friends with the university.
And, through the university, learn how to adapt to the society.
Nowdays,the famous university campus are becoming new hot tourist spots,such as Peking University and Tsinghua University.And we have a discussion about whether the university campus should be open to tourists.
Different people hold different attitudes.
A lot people seem to think that the university campus should be open to tourists.Here are the reasons.Firstly,it is good to the development of tourism economy.Secondly,there are many children who travel the university campus,so it helps the children learn more about the university and know more knowledge.
However,the others think that the university campus should not be open to tourists.Their reasons are as follows.In the first place,more and more tourists will destroy the university environment,like more rubbish and more noise.What is more,the university is a place of study,it is bad to the university student to study that opening the university campus.
In my opinion, opening the university campus to tourists ,which is not a bad idea,but we must protect a good learning environment on university campus,for example,open the university campus in the weekend.I Think it is a solution to serve both ends .
Diligence is the key to success.
It means persisting in one's work.
It does not mean exerting ourselves all day and all night without rest, food and sleep.
The true meaning of diligence is to use time carefully for the purpose of improvement, or to work persistently without wasting time.
Laziness makes us useless.
If we do not study and work hard we shall not be able to earn a living in our community.
There will be nothing we can do just because we have failed to learn anything by letting the time pass unused.
Time is precious and is one of those many things that cannot be purchased with money.
Therefore, we must make good use of our time and study hard when we am young.
Lazy hands make a man poor, while diligent hands bring wealth.
In my opinion, we should keep animals in zoos.
First of all, people can visit different kinds of animals in zoos.
And they can learn a lot from them, so they will know how to protect them better.
Besides, they can be looked after better in the zoos.
There are a number of workers who give a good environment for them to live in in the zoos.
They will take good care of the animals in order to make them better if they are ill. Nobody will do so if they live in the wild.
That's why the animals in the zoos live longer than the animals in the wild.
Above all, it's necessary for us to protect the animals.
We should try our best to give them a wonderful life instead of kill them for money.
The one child policy is needed so that China can ease social, economic, and environmental problems.
If China would have not put a brake on it and the population in China is overwhelmingly large,the population would be too miraculous to be supported by the infrastructure.
Afterwards,it could be argued that China would have had the same problems as India,just several times worst.Now,the population of India exceeds our China.
If you go back to the time when the one-child law was passed, you will see that thousands of refugees were trapped by famine in our country.
This famine was not necessarily caused by high population but rather because a leader got most workers to work in manufacturing.Furthermore,once this ended and farmers went back to being farmers, there were still problems feeding everyone because of the increasing population.The sensible thing would have been to limit the population.
If this not happened, most children that are born would without food to eat.
Another reason to limit population growth is to allow the infrastructure to grow as well.It would be more difficult to offer 2 million jobs per year,assuming the amazing number of graduates.
If China would have not controlled their population growth,they would not have enough schools, public services, nor jobs.
High unemployment leads to the gloomy economic and not to mention that by now the people are probably starving anyway when the country can't provide enough food for them and they can't buy it from other countries.
While it may be true that it is a violation of human rights, I rather lose one right than to lose quality.
So the one child policy is a necessary to our China.
There are several things you cannot ignore when you tracking down imformation on job opening .
First , you may be consult your friends , some of them had done different job in this socity .
They can give some advices and experiences to you .
Secodly , you may be ask your relatives or your neighours for help , they always can offer some imformations to you , may be they had their own companies or factories .
Thirdly , you may be track down information from the newspapers resister and recruitment agency .
Because some personnel officers gave the job opending to them as what they need .
The last but not least , the most useful way is the Intenet .
You can log on to it , then track down the imformation .
Spring Festival is the most important festival of Chinese people.We think it is one of the symbols of Chinese traditional civilization and it takes us about fifteen days to celebrate it every year.
Before it bigins ,we are used to spend many days to prepare it.We clean the windows and room,go out to buy some food such as vegetable and meat,and we also buy some new clothes,of course ,some firecrackers,too.Lots of people put the couplet up .
These are many things of Spring Festival,do you understand?What about the most important festival of your country?I'm very interesting.Please write back to me soon.
In our last class, we saw a movie-The Legend of 1900.
The main role-1900, he was born on a boat, and adopted by a boater.
Then he grows up on the boat.
Here, he touched the piano and discovered his talent.
There is a part in the movie, when his career with better prospects, when he took a beautiful yearning love.
In everyone's encouragement, he decided to leave the boat.
Neverthless when he is going down to the last step.
He still gives up and goes back to the boat until the boat is demolished.
I think 1900 only can grasp of the ship and music.
So he never gives up until death.
It's a happiness for him.
But if I were him, I will leave at that time.
Because it means a new life's beginning.
However,if you never to explore, you will not know what to see another kind of beauty of the world.
Like that, you will have a regret forever, So I will leave.
In a word, we all have too much curiosity, we have too many interests don't give up, we can't give up too many feelings.
But we can't stop the step.
In nowdays, there are many uncivilized phenomenon, some uncivilized phenomenon is outrageou, in public places is a sign of low quality.
However, there are still many people of uncivilized phenomenon is not to ignore, even fan the flame of uncivilized phenomenon.
Talk loud in public places, for example, spitting, with throw garbage, travel is disorderly on fame and historical figure.
There are still some phenomena and so on of atmosphere.
It says below, my our experience.
On one occasion, and parent to travel together, may be play more forget, and then is not.
I'll drink beverage bottle with hand lost in the grass, then he saw an old woman pick up bottles and into the trash can.
But I think his face special hot, later must not be like this.
Don't in public places, also calle on everyone to make civiliz behavior, there should be a high quality performance.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming popular among young people.Many reasons can account for SOHO lifestyle.
First of all,with the help of computers,people are able to work at home instead of going to the companies.Besides, they can enjoy the freedom and convenience ,what and when to be done,by working at home.Childrean may have more time to stay with their parents .What's more,people may feel relaxed and less stress to making full use of their talents for that they can concentrate on what they're doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisors.Lot's of time can be saved and many troubles can be avoided.
From the all above,SOHO lifestyle is becoming more and more popular nowadays for its benefits.
I think students should help parents do housework.
This will make students learn to life skills and can help the students in future life.
I often do the dishes and tidy my room.
Do some housework to make parents easier.
I am very happy to do the housework.
In the winter holiday I'm going to do all the housework I can do.
That will make me learn some life skills.
Along with the society's unceasing progress, we should pay more and more attention to waste sorting.
We can't emphasize the importance of waste sorting too much.
Because waste sorting influence our environment.
In my opinion, I think everyone should try their best to do some things to protect our environment.
I believe waste sorting is one of the easy and convenient ways for us to protect our environment.
It said different kinds of rubbish must be put into different color of rubbish shoot.
For the one thing, many experts say that the battery will bring great damage to the soil.
If the soil is polluted by the battery, it will never recover.
For another, some material can be recycled and reused again, such as paper and the disposable chopsticks.
We should collect the paper and it can be made to the new paper.
By the way, we can turn the disposable chopsticks into paper.
As a result, we can not only protect our environment, but also save our resource.
Therefore, I think it is a good idea for us to sort waste.
Actually, we can do many things although they are very small.
If anyone can do their own duty to sort waste, it is a great contribution to the environment.
I think everyone should sort waste from now.
Although it is a small thing, it is a very meaningful thing.
English is broad and profound, I like to learn English, its international status is very important, and learning English can increase our competitive society.Learning English in many ways,,such as: listening, saying, reading and writing.
We can learn English by our way.
Some students like to listening to English, because they think like that do to improve their English listening level.
Some students like to speaking English, which is spoken, so that you can make yourself the harmonious interpersonal relationship.
Some students like English writing, which could be applied to their own good English reserve.But I think,we should take the comprehensive development, combining several ways.
Which I like most is to read english.
I enjoy an English word jumped out from the mouth feeling, not only can increase my English sensitivity, can enhance my sense of language.
Reading English is a very important way of learning.
The life is always beautiful if you can enjoy the thing what you have.
In the past, we could do anything we wanted.
Our life was comfortable.
We didn't have to live so tired.
The environment is better than now.
In the present, we can enjoy both nature life and technology.
We can do anything.
But in the present, we have something we like.
In the future, we can use new technology and make our life better.
The life will be easier and more comfortable.
We even can protect the environment in a new way.
So everyday is beautiful if you can find the beautiful thing.
So more and more college students have reasonble reasons to play tuant.
They think"Why we are required to attend classes which are boring and useless.
If you ask me, I think these views are so ignorant and irresponsible.
In other worsds, students should be required to attend classes.
Cutting a class is a waste.
At first, it wastes teachers's energy.
A class about two hours requres a mount of time and energy from teachers.
Thus cutting a class is a disrespectful action for others' work results.
Second, it's wasting parents' money and expectation.
Please think carefully, our parents just want us to be good after years of hard working.
They can't image their children are self-indulgent.
College students aren't old enough to choice the best way for themselves.
Maybe some elective classes can't help our professional knowledge or dream job, and maybe our specilty has bleak employment situation, then we cut the classes to learn other things which we think are useful.
But as we all know, our future jobs aren't always fit our major or ideal.
So learning all kinds of knowledge, there are two roads to walk.
