However, Montgomery did not refute these criticism by speech but practice.After he arrived in desert in North Africa, the first thing he did was to set strict rules to soldiers' sanitation.
Including where they could go to stool and how they should deal it.
Rigorous management prevented the occurrence and transmission of contagion, guaranteed the fighting capacity of British soldiers.
It was a vital factor that led Britain to victory.
Through what he did in North Africa, Montgomery proved his attitude to the criticism, not via his words, but his actions.
Also, what entrepreneurs say in business always cover their real mind and plan.
For instance, Ford, one of the biggest automobile manufacturers in the world, faked its opponents in 1926.
In 1927, Ford released Model-A which became the most popular car in America in just several months.
However, in 1926, Ford claimed on the newspaper that they haven't had the plan about new car after Model-T yet.
Unquestionable, everyone knew that was a strategy of Ford to provide a good environment for Model-A after it was launched.
In fact, the design of Model-A started in 1924, just after the old Model-T.
The claim that Ford made in 1926 caused its opponents relaxing vigilance.
So there were not any new car came out except Model-A in 1927.
As a matter of course, Model-A appealed all consumers via its brand new engine and suspension system.
Ford avoided competition successfully by fraudulent words and hided its true intention.
All in all, as a person, we must express out attitude and ability by action but not pale words.
When it comes to business, spurious information is normal to be a way to fake rivals.
Only actions expose true intention.
My parent are extremely kind to me,they give me so much love,they always care about me and give me power every morning,they wake me up and cook breakfast for me.When I am in trouble ,they always encourage me and cheer me up .I still remember once i argued with my best friend , they talked with me and finally helped me deal with the problem.I am extremely thankful for all that they have done for me.I am looking forward to make big progress in the future !
When i was came across difficultly , my parent always give me encourage .I love my parent!
This is Li Jin, an 8 grade student from Chenguang Middle School, China.
As the president of the Student union , I want to talk with you about the donation of books on behalf of my school.
I'm very glad that there are so many American students loving Chinese.
I think Chinese is an intersting language.
of course, I guess it is not so easy for you to learn it.
Actually, to help you learn Chinese well,we will donate to your class 300 books which are all about traditional Chinese history.
With these books, I hope that all of you can know more about Chinese history and culture.
Also maybe they can help you learn Chinese smoonther.
If there is any demand, I would very happy to help.
As we all know,the life has changed a lot in the recent years.The life has been more comfortable and convenient which influence us a lot.
The life has developed a lot ,for example,we used to chat with friends by sending letters which waste much time.
It was an very old way,and also it is not convenient.But now,the life has changed a lot,we can chat with them by talking on the phone,and also we can send emails,which is more covenient.
As for me,I used to study just in the school,but now I can use computer to find good lessons in order to improve myself.So I can learn a lot from the internet,it can open my eyes .For the clothing I have spare money to buy sorts of pretty clothes.
But in the past there were fewer clothes in my wardrobe.
And for the food we usually had traditional Chinese food for every meal.
Nowadays we can afford any delicious food including western foods.
For the housing my family has moved from a small and crowded room to a big and bright one.
In addition,the vacation we always stay at home in the past.
But now we will use holiday to travel.
Thanks for these changes,I believe my life will be better and better in the future.
She was the first person I saw when I was born, her name was the first word when I began learning words and her smile was the most beautiful scenery I have seen.
She is my mother, the one I loved deeply.
She has not long or shot black hair, but recently her hair became a little gray because of the pressure of life.
I like her eyes very much, they are always full of love.
I have to say that her skin is really protected well at her age.
In addition, she is not tall, maybe she is a litter shorter than me.
However, she is really an elegant woman.
And she is loved and respected in our neighborhood.
She is 44 years old, but she does not look her age at all.
Really, she indeed know how to protect her skin.
She always buys a lot of cosmetics and she lives in a quite regularly life style.
She gets up at 7 o'clock in the morning and go to bed at 11 o'clock in the evening.
What's more, as a doctor, she knows what is good for health and skin care.
That is the reason why she does not look her age.
She is also a good cooker in our house.
My father and I loves the dishes she make for us.
But she does not have much time in cooking for us.
She is quite busy with her job and she often has endless things to do.
So we can only have very little chance to have a taste of her cooking.
A few years ago, she had a car accident.
Though it was not very serious, it really scared my father and me.
I took care of her during which time she was in hospital.
And I think I became more maturer at that time.
After that accident, she put her focuses on family and she do cookings more often than past.
Therefore, my father and I can enjoy the tasty cooking of my mother.
In my opinion, she needs rest and this is a good chance for her to take a rest.
She likes to say to me, "work while you work, play while you play.
I think I must always keep it in my mind.
She is a normal person, but in my heart, she is a great and adorable woman.
The inspirational books tell you that you will success if you set a goal and go all out to stand firmly for your own conviction, but you never did it.
The truth of you never success is -- you read the wrong book.
There is a theory called "we are what we read".
If you always read the blogs of pop stars, the job you are suitable might be entertainment journalist.
If you are interested in economics, you should read the academic writings rather than millionaire biographies, the biographies perhaps make you feel an upsurge of emotion but it unable to sharp you mind.
You were abstracted in each course; you opened a book and closed, that was why you never met with success.
Since you are incapable of feeding your brain, it will not realize your wishes either.
Try to make a list that "what I am reading", soon afterwards, you will find why you are in this status.
Fortunately, you are still an undergraduate student; there are many opportunities and advantages to help you become the person you want to be.
the man asked again.
the writer said.
Rome was not built in a day.
Making full use of your time will play an important role in moulding your character.
The relation between you and time is an important factor to improve yourself.
Whatever how terrible the situations you are facing, you should remember the old saying "Keep Clam and Carry On".
Persist in reading, for we are what we read.
They are always dizzy and tired,with sleeping not well very,what's worse,they cannot eat the amount of food which is necessary for them.I think the anxiety affects them badly,so I want to communicate with you about some advice for this symptom.
Firstly,they ought to make appropriate plans before the exam so that they can use the time fully and won't be anxious about going over the knowledge.
Thirdly,a warm bath or a milk which is good for sleeping.Always do them in the evening can also reduce the symptoms of anxiety.
Finally,in my view,the parents' encouragement that gives them energy also works.The more they are encouraged,the more relaxed they will be.
I am looking forword to hearing from you.
Life is about opportunities and options.
The more opportunities you create for yourself in life, the more options you'll have at any given point in time.
If you want to become master of your own destiny, then you need to go to college.
First at all, College is by no means mandatory, but when you're ready to start building a career for yourself, you will increasingly discover that a college degree is a prerequisite for many entry-level employment opportunities.
At the same time, not only will college satisfy and expand your curiosity but also develop your mental faculties and increase your knowledge base.
What's more than study is that college is a process of continual maturation and is all about networking.
When you attend college, you are free to live on your own, according to your own priorities.
You have to create life-long associations in a structured environment in college.
Take advantage of this environment and build up relationships that will help you in the future.
To sum up, college is an important, irreplaceable experience in life.
Going to college is highly recommended for you.
As their home market has already been mature and well exploited, American VCs have to look for new promising markets expect America.
Europe offers the promise to build global companies except Silicon Valley.
Given that Europe is an area with substantial political, institutional and regional differences and different degrees of economic development, investors should not only consider the sectors, but also the regional opportunities.
To achieve success in the Europe, there are some channels.
At first, setting up offices is paramount, especially for early stage investments.
The only way to work successfully in Europe is to acknowledge that each country has a different culture and therefore the company can not push a common method regardless of the local practices and habits.
When all the factors considered, the London is the ideal location for American VCs.
To invest in the activity in Europe is also a good way.
These activities mainly focus on some growing industries such as semiconductors and IT.
Although the Americans presumed to be able to capitalize on the expertise they had accumulated over the years at home in the new market, the reality is rather different.
The differences in culture, politic and institution make the market penetration more difficult than expected.
The entrepreneurs had to realize that they have to build companies rather looking for quick money.
The Europe VCs can also not been underestimated even if they are also small.
The US VCs have to find a niche to achieve the comparative advantages.
Although Europe is on the right track to create the right culture for the VC, there still obstacles that need to be removed.
We believe that there will be some global companies to be born in Europe in the long run.
In the holiday of Middle Autumn Festival, I went to Chongqing to take part in my sister's wedding.
ALL things are out of my expectations.
The day before the wedding, I went to the shopping mall to buy some balloons to decorate the house.
I need a lot of balloons, so my mother and I spent the whole afternoon in blowing them.
When we prepared all the balloons we need, we encountered another problem that we can't stick them on the wall.
Last, we just put all the balloons into the room.
Then there were piles of colorful balloons on the floor and bed, and it was beautiful.
At night, my sister and I went to the hotel.
We felt so tired that we went to bed very early.
Because my sister have been pregnant, she became very sensitive.
When I had fell asleep, she woke me up and say,"Qian, the bed is too soft and I can't fall asleep.
"I only want to sleep, so I said nothing to her and continued sleeping.
After I fell asleep, she woke me up again,"I am so hungry and I can't fall asleep.
I want to eat instant noodles but I am also afraid your brother-in-law will scold at me.
"I continued ignoring what she said and slept.
But after a while, she woke me up the third times, and say,"Why I can't fall asleep even when I am full.
"I ignored her again.
But that was not the end,.Latter, she asked"Please put the bath towel on me.
"I got up and found that she slept on the sofa.
I went to the bath room and bring it for her.
Finally she fell asleep but I can't.
What really made me frustrated is that I can't blame a pregnant woman.
In the morning of the wedding day my brother-in-law came to the hotel to take my sister to his their home.
Before I open the door, I receive a lot of red envelopes.
Because my brother-in-law couldn't find the shoes of bride, so I receive many red envelopes again, then I told him the place I hid the shoes.
At the ceremony, the host said,"The bridegroom looks like Liu Dehua in the front; looks like Obama from the back ; and looks like Avatar in the side.
"It's very funny and all of us were laughing.
As the bridesmaid, so I had to go with them to toast to the guests, and it made me very tired.
Although I was really tired those days, I felt very happy.
And I begin to image my wedding.
I'm a new college student,but after I experienced some things in the college,there are some opinions of mine as follows:Firstly,I think college is important for students at our age.You can join in all kinds of apartments,and then you can take advantage of this change to exercise yourself,to improve your ability and develop yourself.What's more,you can meet many new students and make friends with them.So,when you are boring,you can play with your friends instead of playing computer games.
Then,You can absorb much knowledge in your college,which is very use-full in your future life.Without knowledge,you will lost many chances,not only in your job,but also in your relationship.For example,if you are lack in knowledge,you may be abandoned by your girlfriend,because you can't give her a good life.
Last but not least,maybe you can discover your precious girls or boys,and even your girlfriend or boyfriend will become your wife or husband.It is really romantic!After all,in a college,there are many boys and girls are at the same age,so,it is a good place for you to discover your lover.
In a word,college is very necessary for you to take part in.Fighting!!
Yes i have.A year ago, a night, my father and mother are not at home, I was alone at home, I am very happy and I quickly opened the computer to play games, play very late.
Tomorrow morning I get up very late, I hurried to school without breakfast, to the school, the teacher asked about my homework, I did not pay.
I am so hungry that I can't play basketball with my classmates.
I've been very tired this day.when i got home i tired to cook some rice,but i burnt it.i feel very lonely.I want Mum and Dad to come home soon.When I have a problem with my homework, my father can help me.Now I hope they can came back.
when my parents come home,they were happy to find that i could cook and tidy up now.I told them my home alone story,and we all laughed.
The population on earth is increasing rapidly,and with the development of modern industry,more and more people are flowing into cities.So,the housing problem in big cities is becoming more and more serious.
There are many suggested solutions to this problem.And I'm favour of the idea of building satellite cities in suburbs.The fresh air and beautiful scenery will attract people to leave the busy city.With many people leaving the city,more space will be available for those remaining.Meantime,govermemt should offer more jobs for people so that less people will go to cities.
After all,the housing problem is very complicated,involving many other problems,such as traffic,we can't rely on one way to slove it completely.
As for fast food, KFC, Mcdonald's may struck your mind immediately.
You might said:"I love KFC, MDL is really delicious-"Unfortunately, I got a bad news that chicken of KFC have six legs a few days ago.
This news was shocked me and made me confused.
Actually, Fast food almost equals to junk food.
It is do great harm to people's health.
Most fast foods contain strong salt, heavy fat and the high calorie.
According to the report form Health Insurance Organization, the most crucial reason lead to American people's fat is the fast food.
What's worse, fast food increases high venture to suffer the heart disease and high blood.
Besides, If yu always go to enjoy the fast food with your families and friends, It is also a way in which you waste your money.
More and more people chose to eat fast food with groups.
In fact, If you eat fast food with few people, It can be more cost-efficient.
On the contrary, Not only it wastes your money, but also do great harm to your health.
To sum up, Though fast food becomes more and more popular, We had better control the magnitude of it.
We can choose more Chinese foods as soon as possible.
Resently,our school organized an activity named Stress Deducing week in order to helping the graduation class students preparing for the exam more carefully.
During the activity,students came to the music relaxing room for relaxing themselves in mental and physical.The music were all soft and selected by teachers,being praised by all the students.
Later,on the playgrand started many kinds of intresting games such as a trust fall and a three-legged race,providing them with a channel through witch they could promote the self-confidence.
Finally,each class performing the class meeting for the activity summary.The Inspiring atmosphere of the meeting resonated with them much and they all determined to make greater progress.
In the past ,we get information from the newspaper .Nowadays ,we look though information by internet webpages .The fact is more and more people think the internet is a better source of news .In my opinion ,I would like to choose internet rather than newspaper .
For one thing ,we can get news from internen quickily ,efficiently and conveniently .If we want to know what happen that day .We can only import the content and click the webpage ,a few seconds later ,there will list a lot of sources on the webpage .we can choose the information what we need .For another ,getting news from internet is enviornmental .All of us know that the paper made by trees .China has a huge population ,if 1.3 billion people read newspaper everyday ,can we imagine that how many trees will be cut down .So it is environmental to look though news from internet .What's more though the internet ,we can recognize the news all over the world very fast and it renews every minute ,so we will know what happen in the world almost at the same time .
In conclusion ,it still many advantages we get news from internet ,so the internet is a better source of news .
The students whose scores are high are much admired by the other student and are respected by the teachers.They always have a lot of special treatment and the school always give them more chance to try many interesting things.Many people always think the top students are ponderous and hate to communicate with others,but i don't think so.According to my opinions,i think the most top student have similar feature.They have a clear head,they know what they want and how to get it.They have burning ambitions,and try their best to achieve it.They spend enough time to read and do a lot of things which are useful to their future.They are friendly to others,they are strict to themself.
I also want to be a top student.So i decide to try my best to do things perfectly.I will be strict to myself and learn from others.I will communicate with teachers more,and read much books.I manage to use the time after class to work to know more about the society.I think i can.
The company will do a office safely training department starting Friday,time is every Friday aftemoon 2:30 to 4:30,place in the conference roo 109,all employees to participate in,specific issues to inform.
As far as I am concerned,taking a part-time job has two aspects for us.
On the one hand, it provides us with an opportunity to put what we have learned into practise,which will surely accumulate our working experience.Besides,it may make our spare time meaningful and partly relieve students' financial burdens.The good effect is quite evident.
On the other hand,it may also bring about several prblems,a case in point is that students do not have enough time to deal with their own study,it sometimes lead to failing in the exams.
Reading as a great way to get knowledge and spent spare time can have deep influence on one's life.So what books can be choosen can be important.I think we should select books when we are going to read.
A good book is like wine that has been made many years so that it can make reading more comfortable and intresting.
A bad book like terrible wine.Not only can it do harm to your body ,but also can it hurt you soul.So selecting a good book makes a lot.In addition, interst is the best teacher.When we choose a book we don't like ,it's defficult for us to read it over.For this ,finding a intresting book is half of the reading.
In a word, if we want to read ,we must select carefully .Only when we select a book that is suitable for ourself,can the reading be good to our souls.
Spring Festival is very important for Chinese person almost all people celebrate the spring festival and they also love it.
Children like Spring Festival, because they can wear new clothes and have a lucky money.
First of all,we clean the room a day before the Spring Festival.
Second, we have a red paper cut on the window, children like it.
Third, we can go to buy much food.
Some parents and children light crackers when at about 12 o'clock.
At that time, children are the happiest because they can get many red packets from grandparents, uncles, aunts and so on.
Four,many people put on the door couplets.
That night we have a family reunion dinner.
When people meet on the way, they say to each other "Happy New Year".
We are very tired, but very happy.
Spring Festival makes me happy.
Different people have quite different views on group cooperative learning.It is held by some people that group learning is good.However,it is held by others that is not perfect.
Those who hold the first opinion think that it can add vanity to classes.And it is good for the teachers and students exchanging their views and developing Cooperation and collective consciousness.In contrast,those who hold the opposite view think that is not right.They argue that someone doesn't participate in activities.Sometimes,the rules of the cooperative are confused.Not everyone is able to show themselves well.
As far as I am concerned,I agree with the first one.Admittedly,this way gives students more chances to show themselves.Furthermore,maybe they make a mess,it brings them inspiration.In conclusion, I hope children enjoy group cooperative learning.
As is vividly shown in the picture,the teacher is giving the student a literature book.What she tells the student is reading it just like a story book.The student seems not very satisfied.
The caricature implies a social phenomenon that more and more people begin to ignore the importance of reading literature.Let me tell you some importantces about reading literature.
Firstly,the literature is usually written by some famous writers or famous people.The books impliy some thoughts which are very reasonable.Secondly,literatue can widen our knowledge and open our eyes.Thirdly,wo can learn a lot of ways to deal with the problems wo meet in our lives.Last but not least,the tradition literature books won't do harm with our eyes and health.It is the advantage of it and the disadvantage of the e-books.
In my opinion,we should read more literature books to enrich ourselves and know the history of different countrys.It's high time that we called on people around us to read together.It is available and we can do every day.Let's begin!
Today was May 29th,the weather was great.
I arrived in River Beidai at nine o'clock with our classmates and teachers.we took the train at six o'clock.
In the morning,I played soccer with my friends on the beach.
Although the temperature was hot,we were happy very much.
It was so exciting.
For lunch,we ate quite a few seafoods.
In the afternoon,we went to River Nadai and took many photos there.
We went back to school at half past five.
I have a lot of good habits .
I always exercise every day .
I never eat fast food.
I drink milk twice a week .
I eat vegetables and fruit everyday .
Also , I often go to the dentist for teeth cleaning .
However , I have some bad habits , too .
I usually use the Internet and watch TV for more than three hours a week .
i often sleep less than hours of sleep evey day .
I hardly ever help with house work .
Though old habits die hard , I will try to get better.
Teenagers should help their parents do housework.
Every family has a lot of housework and everyone should learn to do something.
As members of family,we need to do something for our family.
Parents are responsible for the family events and they also make money so we should do household chores.
I often sweep the floor,block and wash the dishes.
I think teenagers should do homework because it can effectively share for the parents,do not let parents worry about us and tell parents we grow up by action.
I think doing housework not only make the home clean,but also can create a clean environment,make parents happy and be proud of us.
Because of this,I am going to do plenty of small things during the winter holiday and making parents proud of me.
we are too lazy to go outside for shopping,instead of it,we may go for a look and shopping on the internet.On the other hand,more and more thing can be more easily finished on theinternet.
But rely too much on computers is harm for us,we may biuld an lazy habit and waste too much time on it,it will affect on our study and get a bad result in the finall exam.
We will have few time to communicate with each oter.In a world,we can't put much time on computer but crect to use it.
I think the saying" The early bird catches the worn" is very correct.
As the saying goes, the people who want to be successful must pay the price.
I had a very unforgettable experience during the time when I was a junior high school student.
I was the member of school track and field team, and we kept training everyday.
When it was the time before the match, our practice became more and more arduous.
Although the teachers didn't request us to go to school early, I went to school at 6 o'clock everyday.
Despite the fact that I was very tired, I told myself that I couldn't give up until the day I succeed.
Shortly afterwards, the match day came.
I was so excited that I couldn't keep myself calm.
Finally, I won the game and became the champion.
I was really happy beyond words.
The early bird catches the worm.
Keep working, you will get it back sooner or later.
The fact is that you are just one step away from success most of times.
Fierce competition exists in every field in our daily lives nowadays.
should be encouraged while others are opposed to.
As is known to all, students cannot gain admission to a famous university if his grades is lower than others.
It is as the same as finding an honorable job.
A person who have high degrees or possess some pratical skills can find a honorable job in the fierce competition.
However, every coin has two sides.
So competition both have plus and minus.
On the one hand, it is competition that help us improves our grades and make us to be the best.
Without competition, a man cannot stimulate his potential and our lives wouldn't be improved.
On the other hand , competition may bring us great pressure and does harm to our physical and mental health.
In my point of view, I like competition.
I make competition as a precious chance to improve.
Only by accepting competition bravely can we become the best.
I am glad you can learn English.It is not difficult to learn English.I will tell you some advice about how to remember the new words.
First of all,you should listen to the new words in the morning.Then,you can try to speak the new words aloud every day as much as possible.Finally,you need to write down 4 or 5 times in the paper.
In a word,English is very interesting.I believe you will like it.I hope these suggestions can help you!
I agree with the idea "School studying is more important".
First, if you study at the school, the teachers can supervise you.
In our class, most of us pay more attention to surf the internet, so that they can't study well.
I don't think computer is good for our studying.
It takes lots of time for us.
It is universally acknowledged that looking at the monitor for a long time is bad for our eyes.
So it's dangerous for us to spend too much time looking at a computer.
Second, it's important for us to study with teachers.
Some students in our class even prefer to study by themselves at home.
I can't imagine how to study without teachers.
In my opinions: Studying with a teacher and working together as a class are important for us to study.
In class, teacher can teach you something which never appears on the textbooks.
The knowledge can help you comprehend better.
If you don't work with teacher, maybe is difficult for you to learn some difficult subjects.
Third, if you work with other students, you can share the opinions to each other and discuss.
You can do this in groups.
It's good for you.
They say the more people, the more strength.
A person who works by himself can't be successful.
So studying at the school is very important.
I used to hear someone say that,each human being is born as something new,something that never existed before.
Each is born with the capacity to success at life.
And today,we'd like to talk about those capacities to success.
It is said that"If I rest,I rust",so as far as I 'm concerned,just as truly as eternal vigilance is the price of liberty, so is eternal industry the price of noble and enduring success.
Those who are not afraid to do their own thinking,and to use their own knowledge.
They can separate facts from opinions and don't pretend to have all the answers.
They listen to others,evaluate what they say,but come to their own conclusions.
That means, listening,independent thinking and appropriate confidence are also the keys to success.
As you can see, a winner's timing is right.
Winners respond appropriately to the situation.
Their responses are related to the message sent and preserve the significance,worth, well-being,and dignity of the people involved.
Winners know that for everything there is a season and for every activity a time.
And here is the prime condition of success,the great secret : concentrate your energy,thought,and capital exclusively upon the business in which you are engaged.
Having begun in one line,resolve to fight it out on that line,to lead in it,adopt every improvement,have the best machinery,and know the most about it.
At last,for as Emerson says "No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourselves.
To a certain extent,allowing students to make comments or even criticism on teaches can improve the educational quality,but I think the respect and discipline in the classroom are more important to the educational quality.
First of all,what we should keep in mind is that our teachers have their own teaching methods,and they develop these methods based on their extensive teaching experience.
We are supposed to respect teachers and learn from them rather than make comments at random.
Besides,communication is mutual.If we show respect for our teachers,our teachers will lecture more serious to prevent mistakes.
In addition,discipline is the guarantee of success which can also apply to education.
Good discipline provides students with a good learning atmosphere so that students can pay attention to their study,and there is no doubt that it can improve their grades.
Many people hold the view that students should be encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches as the result of that they believe that can improve educational quality continuously.
They think students can get the free study atmosphere.
After we see this evidence,there is no way we can agree with what they say.What they forget is that if freedom goes too far,it will be counterproductive.
All in all,the respect and discipline is the way we must pass to improve the educational quality.
We take in knowledge in the school when we were children.So the school education is the most important way of education.
In the school,we can learn a lot of things,we can also increase our ability to learn.We should also learn other things such as the character and the quality on the important way of education.There are many important qualities such as fealty and honest.
Character education becomes more and more important in the 21st century.Some parents think their children's character education is unnecessary.Some parents have their children study hard only to find a job,but they don't know quality is the real thing that a person should have.If a man who loses quality of honest,he can't succeed in the 21st century.So the character education should be paid attention to.
Hello!Wang Li,I'm very happy to know you want to learn Enjlish.English is very difficult but very interesting.So I give you some advise.
First,you can listen the English songs and watch the English movie.
Second,you should talk with your English friends.
At last,I think you can look some English book.
My name is Z,We all know "Time lost can not be recall,"but whether you do your best to make full ues of the time.
The proverb saying"Time is money .
"But I think time is much more precious than money.Because if we lost time ,we can not find it again.We can try to work heard to get more money.No matter what you do the time con not get back.
I know time connot be won again .so Iwant to make full use of my time ,but when find the TV or the one thing I like I may be break my plane.So my problem is I do not know how to ue my spare time.
My spare time was terrible.
Who can tell me how to make the full use of the spare time.
I still remember the day when I first came to my university.
When the bus carried me to the gate of the university,I felt my heart beating exciting I arrived at Z university with great ecpectation.
I remember that I was welcomed by several sophomores at the gate.Everything on the campus appeared particularly bright and fresh.
I went through the registration procedures in the hall.I went to the dormitory where,for the first time,I was going to live without my parents,I was busy with making the bed and fixing the mosquito net.
I took a walk around the campus together with my new roommates,talking about our pasts and futures.
So I fell eventhing is better.
Today learning English is very useful.I learning English for different reasons.First:English is very popular in the world.More and more people use English as a second language.We should makes me keep up with the trend of society.Second:I think more 50% people use English in the furture.So we learning English look as important.Last:learning English makes me very happy.Because I can get much fun form learning it.
In recent years , we have to face a problem.
There are more than a billion and two hundred million people in China.
It is almost one fifth of the world's population.
It causes a lot other problem.
First of all, we are short of energy and water.
Although there are a lot of resources in our country, but because of too many people, many people in many places cannot full up.
Another serious problem is many people in big city are homeless, they have no place to live.
And also, finding a job is more difficult than before.
We have to take some effective measures to solve the problem.
The government has to offered more jobs and built more flat.
The last problem is traffic.
Too many people buy too many cars, so the traffic is very crowded ,and at the same time, too many cars cause too much air pollution, our environment is worse and worse.
In short, the population problem is serious ,we have to solve these problem as quickly as possible.
Life includes everything that teaches us .Wherever and whenever we are ,we can learn numerous things .So life is the greatest teacher .
Life has full of experiences .Growing up from being a kid then into a mature person makes our life create its own chapters as we take challenges ,risks ,struggles and the bliss after obtaining the fruit of labor .We learn new and old things from every people we meet ,from historical and new-found places,from the modern technology everyday.We are trained to do our work so that we can become good workers.We are taught with values and self-esteem.We get our inspiration from someone we admire,thus we feel influenced,motivated and inspired to do our tasks to impress them or make them happy.We've all made mistakes in our lives and ,hopefully,have learned from these mistakes.
Definitely,life is the best teacher.It teaches us experiences that we have encountered and will encounter in the future .Life shapes us as a human being ,as a better man.
Love is an abstract concept,which we can't see or touch but feel it.Love is so special and precious that anything else cannot compare with,It has a strong power that can changes the world.Whenever you get in a tight corner,there always some people helping you,So do you parents.
When I was young, I caught in a serious disease which can hardly be cured, On the one hand, The medical facilities in our village is lack, on the other hand, this kind of disease is too difficult to cured, Many children had dead from it.
Almost people persuade my parents to give me up, After all, Ther were still young.
But they loved me so deeply that they striked to curing of me, Fortunately, I got rid of sickness.
I am really thankful to my parents for not giving me up.
As we all know that love makes the world go round.
I love my sister most.
I think she is not only a kind and caring sister, but also a respectable teacher.
I love her for many reasons.
On the one hand, she is kind and caring as my sister.
When I studied in high school where is full of stress and competition, she looked after me everyday instead of my parents.
For example, she cooked dinners for me and brought everything I needed in my daily life.
What's more, she never made a complaint about my bad grades.
Instead, she encouraged me to be confident and keep a active attitude.
She would help me when I had trouble in studying.
On the other hand, she is hard-working and respectable as a English teacher.
There is no doubt that the teacher is a special occupation.
My sister always works hard in school.
She not only teaches her students knowledge but also educates them how to be a person.
It is so usually for her to get up at five o'clock in the morning and sleep until eleven o'clock at night.
I love my sister and I'm proud of my sister.
Currently, many people are hesitated with the form of the traveling.
Personally, it is a valuable opportunity to be independence and maturity to know the world if I go trip by myself.
Primarily, to be alone can get more leisurely and confidently.
In a hotel, I can drink some tea or coffee to keep cool, and let my heart get more peaceful, if there are some books in the table, I will search a magazine about the local flavor, I 'm sure I'm able to taste a variety of delicious food and soup.
Furthermore, I realize and appreciate the local culture and traditional hobbies throughout communication, and engagement.
I can communicate with the citizens and elder to enquire them some topic about life habits, history, perhaps, I will obtain some information.
I can engage their special activities to catch the point, because each of activities is heavy with a traditional legend, and it is also a good way to know the kind of the civilization.
Last but not the least, if possible, I can visit the local museum, or a well-known architecture.
Maybe I will find I have got mistakes about knowing the scenery by solo.
Meanwhile it is a good way to bourdon my eyesight.
Eventually, if I go tip by myself, I can experience the extraordinary experience to improve my ability, and tackle the knowledge sacristy barrier.
As is know to all,the human race has entered a completely new stage in its history,alone with the advance of the society and the increasingly rapid economic globalization and urbanization.
It is clear that the picture implies a common phenomenon in our society today.
No one can deny the fact that nowadays many colleage students prefer to stay at home rather than go out..As can be clearly seen from the above picture,student study to in front of the computer all day.Even he was order for dinner .All in all no matter or meal he can stay at home rather than go out.
Althoudh the development of science and technology brought us a great convenience.We can stay at home rather than go out.
But there are several bad influence accounting for the phenomenon reflected in the picture.First of all,people will lack of social communication and interpersonal communication when they stay at home for a long time.what is more,,it will make people become more and more lazy.
For example they don't want to do anything.
In addition, it is a bad effect on the health of young people.Because they stay at home all the day.They will not be able to breathe the fresh air.
Last,they may become very autistic.they will be lose touch with their friends.
As far as I am concerned,as a student we had better take the active part in various school activities.
In addition ,parents should accomplay their childrens and give them more careful.
It is the most important for school to take some measures .Such as organize some outdoor activites or strengthen the students'psychological counseling.
Only in this way can we live a happy and health life.
My name is X and it's my great honer to be here and share my opinions with you.
I think it's important for a middle school student.
So,I always wear a smile on my face and say hello to others actively,and I think it is one of the easiest ways to be polite.
And we should be against the rules,because it is not only good to others but also good to ourselves.
So I usually wait in line and be patient.
If we can do all of these,not only the other people but also we will be happy.
overconsuming and being addited to playing games.
also they will fall asleep in the class,which has negative influence on study .
chance to work due to the bad habits developed in the college .
the manage ,and educate the students to focus on their study.
Chinese people believe that one's merit depending on what he has done.
So we pay much attention to the achievements, and that's why Chinese people keen on comparing--to verify oneself is superior to others.
With the social atmosphere like that, Chinese people work more hard than people in other countries, they have to live under pressure all the time.
In many countries, children have a good memory of their childhood.
Nevertheless in China, kid's life is not comfortable.
Their parents collate them with other.
Such things happen in many areas, even in sports.
All the parents in the Chinese believe that the appropriate pressure can encourage their kids to study more hard than before.
With the time passing by, the children become adults.
They no longer study in school, but still, the comparison exist when they come into society.
When they are at work, the boss would contrast them with each other by judging the contribution to the company.
When they are going out, people would compare them by judging the way they go out--of course, people who go out by car is better than the one goes out by bike.
People may even judge other guys by looking what they are dressing: the one wears a golden watch is better than all other people.
Foreignors would think China is an unfriendly country because such an atmosphere will devastate the relationship between people.
Nonetheless actually, Chinese people get used to it in the long before.
I am glad to hear that you are interested in traditional the Chinese festivals.
My favourite Chinese festival is the Spring Festival.
It is celebrated on January 1st of Chinese lunar Calendar.
People often watch Spring Festival Gala on TV and set off fireworks to welcome the new year.
And children can get considerably money to buy something interesting that they love.
It is my favourite festival because it made me relaxed and let my families get together.
In my opinion,I think Chinese Fsetival is Chinese self-respect in the world.
Much joy to you is in the up coming year.
May the warmest wishes,happy thoughts and friendly greetings come at New Year and stay with you all the year through.
Nowadays with the development of the society the graduates suffered employment pressure .people have to live in a narrow place because of the high housing price.
In the modern life college student are more ambitious when they graduate they want choose the big city like Beijing Shanghai Guangdong or other big city to find their job instead of the small city .but live in big city the employment pressure is high and they are new graduate ,they don't have many money to paid for the rent, so they live in the dwelling.
In my opinion,college student should be adjust their goals according to the reality I think working in anywhere is the same .
In big city your salary higher than small city but the living also higher while living in the small city you can live more happier and the pressure wouldn't be higher, and you can come back home to see you family.
Over the past twenty days, great changes have been taken place in my life.
I become a freshman.
Everything happened in university is new to me.
I thought university life must be easier and lighter than Senior High School in the past, however, I changed my point which I hold about university as soon as we start to take the first class.
We should take English class in which we couldn't speak Chinese.
I need to express myself with my poor English.
Though classes are attractive, I am still worried about my spoken English and whether I could grasp the full significance of teacher's remarks.
I realize that my English speaking and my vocabulary are supposed to be improved.
Therefore, I plan to learn the NEW CONCEPT ENGLISH 3 every day to practice my English and to enrich my vocabulary.
Another big change is my life after school.
Once, I took a lot of classes and did my homework day and night.
Even if at weekends, I still need to attend various extra-classes.
I felt tired and bored about my past Senior High School days.But now it's quite different.
I can take part in my favorite activities, watch movies and play sports.
I have more free time than my Senior High School and I also have more sleep.
In this term, my new life is very fantastic.
The last thing I want to share is that I gradually become independent.
I live alone without mom's attendance.
I am supposed to do anything by myself.
It's difficult to me at the beginning, but I have adapted my new life now.
In short, changes in my life have brought me challenge and joy.
My English college has impressed myself most in college, the reason is that my English teacher is outgoing and humours, therefore, she often takes much happy to us.
First, we can't raise our hands if we want to speak.
Second, learning English ways is different from used.
It is including two points.
On the one hand, we always take some activities about English, which can improve our learning interested.
On the other hand, we should add up our grade by compete with others.
It is not only can practise our communicate skills, but improve our learn enthusiasm.
In addition, we hold some different theme class, like healthy life and China is more and more fun.
It is a change that we can ourselves in stage.
What's more, the teacher comes up with"one minute speaking", which rich our vocabulary.
My English teacher rich our class by various ways, which attract us and make us learn more.
So my English class leave deep impression on myself.
As we all know,there are many ways of learning.And different people have the different way.Each of the ways has its own characteristic and is great at the same time.Also,I have some ways of learning ones are good for me I think.Of course,I like one of them most.
My favorite way of learning is to strike a proper balance between work and rest.Because it's a healthy style for us.There is no doubt that leaning is very important for us,so wo should study hard to get satisfactory grade.But many students fall into a misunderstanding that learning is more important than anything else so that their states of health become bad and finally the grades fall off.
So it's very important that we insist on striking a proper balance between work and rest.Sometimes if we work for a long time,wo should take a rest.You can listen to some light music to make you relaxed,have a walk in the nearby park,or take a nap.All in all,take a rest to relax yourself.And then go on working.
This is just my favorite way of learning.
I believe that it can be accepted by most people.
If you heard this one sentence , the early bird catches the worm .
Life have many things to prove it.Learning is a good example , these people who have good result.often are diligent.A wise man, he doesn't work hard, and just a waste of time, is not going to get good grades.On the contrary, if a man does not have so clever, but he is very hard very hard, he can still get good grades.
Success is equal to of the genius of use and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Physicist Isaac Newton; In the world of chemistry Nobel, master dmitri mendeleev; Radioactive the discoverer of the element Madame Curie......
The reason that they have such great achievements, an important factors, is because they are all hard learning .
So, the key to success is hard work,a hard points to a points, only hard to succeed.
Hello, I am Li Jin.
 students in the music to relax and listen to the music room, relax, relax.
 students playing football on the playground.
 tudents are discussing the issue in the playground.
 students have a class meeting in the classroom.
Above, is the specific content of decompression week activities.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Making mistakes is nothing remarkable, as long as you can correct them.
In fact, everyone will make mistakes.
However, what we are supposed to do is learn from them and avoid them the next time.
Therefore, from my perspective, there isn't of necessity to be terrified of them.
People always say that failure is the mother of success.
Every time we make mistakes, we are closer to success.
Every time we correct mistakes, we advance the development of process.
Hence when meeting the same situation the second time, we'd better to use the experience and deal with them directly.
Such being these cases, making mistakes is better than wasting.
Making mistakes is an essential part of life.
We can be absorbed in correcting them and learn to improve ourselves rather than be afraid and lose heart.
On the contrary, they may be strength to help you make progress.
There is a pair of opposite ideas on whether we should study a group.
Some people would say that group work is not good.
They hold this view because they believe that the students will speak not discuss the problem.
Also, as long as some think the answer, other students don't think again.
In contrast, those who hold the opposite view think that the group cooperation to strength the group consciousness.
And they can exchange ideas.
In my opinion, I think the group cooperative is good for us.
Only in this way our grades will improve.
There are many great people in the world and I will never forget a man called Bill Gates.
Born in Seattle, Washington on October 28, 1956, Gates was named William after his father and grandfather.
From the beginning, he was an extremely energetic and intelligent child.
He had read the entire World Book Encyclopedia by the age of 9.At school his favorite subjects were science and math.
While other children were outside playing games and enjoying sport, Bill spent all of his spare time organizing his books and papers.
After his graduation from secondary school,Gates was accepted by three top universities in the USA--Princeton,Harvard and Yale.He chose Harvard and began classes there.Becaus he was interested in the software program,Gates let university and went to work full of time for the new company he had formed called Microsoft.
One of his project was called DOS,short for Disk Operating System,and it was purchased by IBM in 1980.This software program made him famous and very rich.
His attitude plays an important role in my life and I have made an idol of him.Although I am not a genius like him,I will work hard and try my best to make my dream come true.
I miss you so badly.I have got some nice friends around me,it's been so much fun for me to share time together.One of my best friends is Jindy.We both are athlete.Oneday coach asked us to be the partner.
So we become the best of friends.I liked her very much.
Jindy is a humorous and active girl who always makes me laugh.Sometimes,she tells a joke for me.She also is a helpful person that I always can turn to her when I have trouble.
We like playing Chinese chess and watching comedy together in our free time.She's a lot of fun to be with.My inspiration is her because she never put pressure on me and I can share secrets with her.
It's necessary to keep friendship in the future.I treasure something that I keep it and care for it carefully because it gives me pleasure and I think it is very special.I also treasure my memories of those joyous days.
I hope you can share your friendship with me.
I look forward to your reply.
The day I went to have a physics competition was more scared than hurt.
But my feeling was completely different, I totally freak out about the whole thing.
Fortunately, I didn't make up my mind to have a nice coffee nearby or even relieve for the whole morning.
Instead, I immediately calmed down and called my dad to bring it to me, trying to be as fast as a rocket.
The school, where I took the test, was far away from our home.
At that time, there were only thirty minutes left before the test began, seconds wear on like years.
Of course I was aware of that there was no time to waste so I grabbed the card and rushed into the gate, without leaving the slightest trace.
But the old, strict teacher wouldn't allow me to do it unless I hand in the paper.
Benjamin Franklin was born in Boston on Jaunary 17 ,1706 and died on April 17,1790.
He was one of the founding fathers of the United States.
At the same time, he was a leading author .political theorist.
politician.scientist.
inventor.social activist.statesman and philosopher and so on.
As a scientist , he discovered theories about electricity and invented the lighting rod.
He established the first library and hospital in Phildelphia as a social activist.In the American Indenpendence War, he helped drafting some critical files and went to France as American ambassador to help to make the indenpendence possible .He was regarded as one of the makers of the nation.
While, this famous great man , in his childhood, didn't have a happy family or education condition.
But he catched every possible chance to expand his scope of knowledge.
He became a apprentice printer after getting one-year education, after which he began to sell their products in the streets.
At 17, Franklin had his own printing-house.
His poor but colorful life in his young ages made me think that how much pressure a child can bear .
Of course , there has a saying that the rainbow appears after wind and rain.
In that process , the most important was never giving up yourself.
Always remember: God help those who help themselves and where there is a will , there is a way.
Recently,there is a wide spread concern over happiness after the question asked by a reporter.
For instance,some say they believe their future will be better,it is their happiness;some say that love what you are doing and pursue what you loves,it is their happiness.
As I see it,the healthy body,the thankful heart,a true friend...this is some of my happiness.
Although life is full of challenges,and it is never a smooth ride.
Only if we face it with a normal heart, we will gain all the happiness we want.
Nowadays, various kinds of media have been developed, people's shopping via media is quite common, media and shopping to bring a lot of convenience to people, but also bring many problems.
For example, media and shopping can let us not to go out to enjoy the purchase of fun, but the media and shopping quality problem exists in many.
In my opinion, we should use of media shopping reasonable, make shopping convenience to our lives.
But some need the quality of goods or store to buy themselves better.
Also hope that the media shopping more and better, can our lives more convenient.
Six thousand years ago, our ancestors painted little pictures to give information.
Those little pictures became words today.
Thank God, we are in an age with words since we can hardly imagine life without them.
However, we did go through a period without words---our babyhood.
Images were the only way we know this world.
And then we learned to read, we read articles, express ourselves, make a speech, do test papers and have examinations.
Thank for (the goddamned) words.
Words are marvelous inventions.
There are no words, there is no civilization of human being.
However, babies' instinct affects us.
It seems that we like looking through pictures better.
We can look through a picture in one second and get what it's about perfectly.
While reading needs more time, concentration and thinking.
Images are not superior to words.
It just asks for less and that's why we find reading pictures so easy and irresistible.
Images and words are two ways of express ourselves and understand others.
They have different features and can't replace each other.
You can't tell a story with pictures just like you can't show stunning scenery with words.
Maybe a picture can tell a thousand words, but I'm sure that none of them can describe the picture perfectly and give people the impression as the picture does.
That's why we need both images and words.
World without either of them must be tedious and definitely not a world we want.
I went to Singapore this winter holiday.
It's a very clean and beautiful city with many kinds of flowers and trees.During this trip, I liked Sands Skypark best.
It was at the top of Marina Bay Sands.When we got to Sands Skypark, everyone was shocked.Through the windows,we saw the grand port, the beautiful Gardens by the Bay and nearly the whole Singapore.What a pity that we couldn't go to the Skypark Infinity Pool.If I could come for the next time, I wanted to have a try.
During the small holiday, I think I had a forgettable and beautiful memory.
So let me tell you what I did.
First day, I went to Lushun to see the cherry blossom with my classmates.
The oriental cherry was in full blossom, which was beautiful and especially charming.
We took many photos there, besides, W's mother leaded us to enjoy many sights and treated us a delicious big meal.
In next three days, I had a part-time job to earn some extra money with my classmates.
I gave leaflets at the door of selling buildings.
Although I felt very tired, I thought it was meaning and worth.
In last day, I went to zoo to see animals with my friends.
Those animals were very cute.
In a word, I had a good holiday.
This year, we can get many information about 3d-printing.
For example: the first which produce by 3d-print gain success during its first testing-fire.
Another amazing news is the scientist finally print out a human's organs just like kidney.
All these news told us: 3d-print will be more and more popular and useful in the future.
As we all know,the different geographical environment of the south and north china has led to the significant differences between the different characteristics of people living in this two sorts of areas.
on the face of it,the answer will be positive.However,this is not to say that the northerners do not care about the money,but they care more about the face.As a result,before the beginning of the business cooperation with their friends or relatives,they often show the least concern about the money by saying"you and me,who and who".When the interest of the two parts conflicts appear,then they will not behave as generously as before and go their seperate ways in the end.on the contary,the souutherners are more inclined to caculate clearly before the cooperation because they think losing face is not the worst result comparing with the relationship breakdowns caused by the interest conflict.
Secondly,the inclination of expression is different between the people from the south and north of china.Kate,one of my roommates,is a typical northerner.Even though we have only ten minutes to relax during the recess,she would keep talking all the time and in most cases what she said is just a bunch of crap.However,another roomate of mine,Lily from the south of china would speak breifly,never use more words than were needed and most of time she is silent.
There is a fact that the northerners not only tend to outwardly express their emotions more than the southerner,but also speak in a more direct way.As a conversationalist,Kate likes to get along with sall kind of people and the people in the north who know her all think that she is a frank and popular person.However,during the college years in the south of china,she was troubled by her direct way of speaking for most of the classmates from south can not stand it.In the cases,if i have done the wrong things,Kate will leave no room to piont out rather than keep silent or use euphemism like Lily.But i know she doesn't mean to do it.
Nowadays the phenomenon that students take phones to school has aroused wild concern.I'm writting to tell you my attitude toward whether students should take phones to school.
At first,there are some advantages.Studets can make use of phones to stay in touch with their family wherever they are.Besides,the phone is a way to have fun.
However,there's no doubt that using phones in class can disturb teachers and have bad efforts on other students.From another perspective,it's a waste of money or time to chat and send messages by phones.What's worse,the phones take up too much attention of students that they can't help playing games in class and cheating in exams which does extremly harm to students.
As far as I'm concerned,as a student,I take it for granted that we should be focused on study instead of playing in class or cheating in exams.Also,expensive as the phones are,they should be kept in proper place.
Yours Faithly.
WangTao.
The are many environmental problems in our world.The population of our world is six billion.The increase of population is very fast.If we do nothing to make it increasing slowly.It will become a horrible problem.Everything is numbered.But someone don't care this.They can do anything for money.
Overdevelopment goes against sustainable development.
Plenty of the forest was cut down.The earth don't have the lung, how do we breathe.We need water, the shortage of water resources is a problem.Air pollution is very terrible.
More than half of the burden from air pollution on human health is borne by people in development countries.
So the government must devised proposals to deal with air pollution.And we should save the water and energy.
The earth is only one, please love your mother.
When it comes to my internship,I think it is boring.I did the same thing every day,but I learned a lot from it.
For one thing,I realized my own shortcoming.For example,fire fighters more excellent than me on the physical and operation.For another thing,I learned very useful skills.Such as they taught me how to use the generator and cutting machine.The last but the most important,my ability of getting along and communicating with people have a significant increase.
All in all, I spent the first army day since I joined the army and my internship made a successful ending.
As the proverb puts it, happiness consists in contentment.Put it in another way, only when we are satisfied with what we now possess can we feel happy.I can no more agreed with this and here are three examples to support my view.
To begin with, happiness stands between greed and contentment.A person who is too greedy and never be satisfied with his life and want more and more, what make up with his life?Apparently, Greed, not happy.On the contrary, someone who always appreciates what he gets, he will absolutely live a happy life.To continue with, many a person take the rich life as their happiness criterion.Unfortunately, life can't cater for anbody'needs.As the pursuit of money is endless, no one can be really happy if their unsatisfied with their current life.Finally, lower you demand, job, family, friends and anything else, be contented and appreciated.If something fulfils you, or if you fulfil yourself, you will feel happy and satisfied with what you are doing or with what you have achieved.
All in all, the bridge of achieving happiness is contentment, lead a fulfilling life and you will be really happy.
Recently,a large number of people including students prefer new ways of consumption such as group-by deals to save money.However,does it really save money for us or just the merchant's marketing tools?Personal speaking,I agree with the former.
To start with,being careful with money is a virtue that can always benefit from people.That's will do a lot of help from all over the world especially when the economic condition is not very good,it's much harder to make money before.So group-by is an excellent way for most people to save money.What' more,it is convenient for people to book in advance and we do not need to spend too much time waiting.We are now living in an urban society in which highly structured fast-paced and stressful work looms largely in life,so time becomes quite significant to those people and group-by is a better choice for them.
In a word,group-by does give us plenty of benefits and the pattern of consumption can push the economic development.
Thank you for your letter.I regret to tell you that we want to make a claim to the office supplies.
we have a reason to reject it.
For example,The first office supplies did not open to us, caused us great inconvenience.
Second,Delivery date two weeks too late than a predetermined date.We enclosed the copy of B/L for you.
We Hope that you can cancel this claim and have more business with you.
I hope you can give us a reply as soon as possible by may 25,2015.
There are mang requirements in colleges and universities for students to evaluate their teachers.It means students can appraise both teaching methods and individual characters of their teachers.Students' respect for teachers is important.It can raise teachers' responsibilities and intense emotion.
However,it also caused mang disputes.Some individuals disapprove it.They think there would be have unfair on teachers.Students evaluations may be based on prejudice.If he like one teacher more not because of teachers' teaching methods but personal friendship.Some others think studengts do not know the standard of evaluate their teachers.It is more effectiveness to evaluate one teachers by the other teachers.They know how well the teaching methods and subjects.These evaluations need professional judgements while students do not have.
I think it's necessary for school to require students to evaluate their teachers.Students can evaluate what they want to learn in a course .And teachers can clear know what they need to change and improve.This way is good to improve relationships between teachers and students.
Peter,who was a student.
When his first day of school,he does not want to go school at all.
His mom ask him go to school.
Ten years passed,peter has become a college student.
College is so far that peter need to live outside.
Peter did not say anything,and leaved home.
If I were peter,I would promise my mom,and give her a huge hug.
After peter graduated from college,he learned a lot.
Peter become a kind son now,and his parents also very happy.
Their son has grown up after these years.
For me ,I am a student ,we get the knowledge alomst from books .
Not all knowledge get from books ,for example when you are cooking the book can just tell you what need you do,but we always sum up the exerience of puting seasoning or salt .But when you are writing homework(especially the Math) ,the books will tell you the principle or formula.Now you see that there are different situations for the knowledge get.and that needs you to judge.
anyway, sometimes you need to combine those together.when you go to climb the mountain,and you done that before,that will needs you experience :last time i did not get the warm cloth,i need to bring it this time.that needs the knowledge of the books :temperature , air density,when you feel bad what can help you to feel better or save your life.
Now you see the knowledge of ooks and self experience all the same important,that is my thought.
Everyone has their dreams.
But not all dreams can come true.
Some persons want to be rich or famous overnight.
But it is not useful.
I have no ideals, too.
When I was seven years old, I wanted to be a teacher.
I think it 's a very good job.
When I was ten years old, I want to be a soldier.
So I think it's cool.
When I grow up, I know the dream is very important.
So I have a new definition of my dream.
Now, I want to be a famous writer, like Lu Xun.
My works can encourage hundreds of persons.
People adore my ideas.
I am lucky to take the article to children, to old man, to many people.
Let them feel literary changes.
We must study hard.
So we can succeed.
I must study hard and make progress every day.
Reading many books is my second selection.
To sum up is about my dream.
It's wonderful and great.
I hope I can early complete my dream.
Nowadays many college students would like to follow famous brands.
From clothes to cellular phone, even study resources.
This is a common phenomenon in our university.
People have different attitudes towards about this behaviour.
Some people believe that the pursuit of famous brand is the embodiment of a kind of fashion.
What's more, the pursuit of brand-name allows us to better get along with others as well as built up our confidence.
A majority of people disagree.
As a college student, knowing what you cannot do is far more important that what you are capable of.
In addition, a man with confidence may turn the trivial into the great and the mean into the magic.
It is not by surface modification.
From my perspective, I beg to differ.
For one thing, we don't able to independent, we need to depend on our parents, for another thing we are supposed to enrich their knowledge, not by external things.
Therefore, college students should attach more important to cultivating a good character rather than pursuing famous brands.
After the sports meet,the national-day have come,and this day is the longest hoilday.It's reallky a good chance to have a rest.
This hoilday is very cold,so I almost stay at home.The last few days of the hoildays,my parents take me to Alashan.Alashan is desert densely distributed region in China.There are many people.They came from all parts of the country.We saw the beach sports utility vehicle match.It's very cool and excite.Then we went to North Temple,the temple sits on the hill,during the road,scenery has ethnic flavor.I think it's holy.When I reached the top,I am very tired,but my parents was calm,they told me I need to exercise.In the evening,we went to my grandparents'home.I have a big family,we ate dinner togther.I hope time can stay at this time.Classes will begin in short time,I don't want to go to school.
This is my holiday.
As everyone knows, have a good mentality, you this man's life, live it is delicious, that is happiness, color.
Not a good mental, even if you have too much money, you will not be happy, always feel so lonely.
Sometimes irritable, and even break theBehavior.
For example, mental unhealthy people, his knowledge is more high, the harm to society more, as a contemporary college students in the US, to give us time to good use, many have a look how to keep psychological healthBook, let our hearts be actively sublimation, get further education.
Do some meaningful activities, to increase the health of body and mind, this is meaningful, this is the way to improve our mental health, let us live, away from the unhealthy psychology caused trouble.
Today,l am glad of a foreign friend will come my hometown.So l will become the tour guide of my hometown.
ln my eyes,my hometown is a beautiful place.lt has the scenic spot of Tianzhu mountain and the waterfall.So l can take him to play in some place.But l am most invested in to take him to go the snake street and eat delicious food.
There are a lot of delicious food in my hometown.for example,l can take him to eat tofu and barbecue.of course,l must take him to eat food of my mother cooking.because l think my mother cooks food is the most delicious.
l believe my foreign friend will like my hometown.of course,l also believe the tour guide will be successful.
My school day is very busy.I will tell you my busy day as follow.
Before the school routine I eat the breakfast and I read the English test.
It is useful.In addition,I usually go to school by bike.It is no denying that the way is good for my health.When I get to the school,my busy day is start.I need to learn a lot of subjects such as maths,physics,chemistry,history,English and so on as well as a lot of homework to do.What is more,my favourite subjects is English.
After schol,I do not go home immeditaly and I like playing basketball with my classmates.When I back to home I have to do my homeworrk.Moreover,if the homework is not too many,I will listen the English songs.
I'm delighted to tell you that I'm spending my time taking part in the Chinese and western cutural communication in China.I'm lucky to celebrate the Spring Festival with my host's family.It's traditional custom to have dumplings and they are very nice.
We go to visit plenty of places of interest and watch Peking Opera.It's also very enjoyable to taste delicious food in Bejing and learn about Chinese history.That's really a fantastic day!
Now I live in my Chinese friend's home.We study,talk and do sports together,just like we are sisters.I love the life here and everything here impressed me a lot.The experience here must be the most unforgetable in my whole life.
Good relationship of the teacher and the students are very important, it can improve the teaching results.
A good teacher and student relationship will make learning enjoyable and help students get good grades.
otherwise, a bad relationship between the teacher and students can make bad results.
Students would hate the teacher and don't want to study.
There are some approaches of how to make a good teacher and student relationship.
In my opinion , firstly, in order to have a good teacher and student relationship, it is important that the teacher and the student respect each other.
Some times, teacher does not respect the student because the student does not study hard.
But students will often work hard simply because his teacher respect him.
As a teacher , I think the teacher should encourage students in their study warmly.
Secondly , a teacher should improve his or her own ability, not only teaching ability but also the ability of communicating.
A good teacher should communicate with his or her students to know what they really want to know and to get .
Communicating can make the relationship much closer.
Thirdly, students must realize that they are the main players in the learning process.
Teacher want more activity in the class.
Even if student do not answer the teacher's question , they should make eye contact with teacher .
All in all , the relationship of the teacher and the students should like friends and brothers.
I am a student from Yang Zhou University, I have been here over one year .there are many place of interests here, we are intoxicated with the beautiful views, but it still exist some shortcomings about the environment.
I intent to tell you about my innermost and feelings today.
In the first place, I want to talk about the small traders, in order to establish civilization city, the related department forbidden the small traders to do business.
Some small traders still sell their goods.
I think our government should make arrangement for some fixed places for them.
If so, it can not only be beneficial to management, but also makes people buy things nearby.
In addition, I intend to speak of the traffic.
First of all, our government should enhance the management of the traffic system at present.
Furthermore, if possible, we should speed up the development of underground and airport that make our environment more harmonious.
Moreover, we should abandon the cars that waste too much oil.
Finally, I hope our city will be more and more beautiful in the future.
That's all, thank you for reading my letter.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Reading, whether for a person, or for a nation, is the need to pay attention to things.
A person or a nation's civilization and cultural creativity, will benefit from the good habit of reading and reading environment.
Cultural creativity, will benefit from the good habit of reading and reading environment.
So, to develop good reading habits, to a citizen, a country, particularly important.
TV news is not read.
Read about can be divided into several categories.
First is the basic reading, is mainly refers to read some recognized classic .
This is related to the promotion of a citizen's basic literacy and shaping of national identity .
For example, as a modern citizen, to officials over human rights in the basic document to understand somewhat, and as a Chinese, to China's most classic books.
Second is interested in reading, that is, starting from the personal interest of a person to read some of your favorite book, such reading often has nothing to do with professional, utilitarianism is not strong.
Professional reading again, this kind of reading is often a experts for their own study and reading, their reading object is often strong professional books.
Third, practical reading, that is the purpose of reading, like to find a job, read some employment instruction and so on.
In the end, is temporary or random reading, on the way to work on the newsstand to see something interesting, bought and read.
This is to certify Susan Hobson lady who is worked for my office secretary up to two years.She is an honest women,willing to work for us.When she was work, she worked hard everytime.So, as far as I'm concerned,she is a good worker!
What's more, her English and German is very good, when she say that, it is so fluent,can do general interpretation work.
As is known to us,when Spring is coming near,it will bring vigor and vitality.Everything in this warm season begins to revive.There is a beautiful picture in our eyes.People are fond of going outside to breathe the fresh air and feel the spring wind touching the face.
In contrast to spring,there is a depressed in autumn.The trees and flowers are falling,which make people feel like the life going with the fallen leaves.And the temperature is down with an autumn rain,so people have to take more clothes.In fact,it is not convenient for us to have fun at the outside.
Maybe most people like spring superior to autumn,but to the farmer,no matter what is spring or autumn,they are busy with their field,where they can harvest.What they do not only is work,but also is hope and happiness.
Different ideas flooded our mind.Whether we should support help strangers or not help strangers .
Though both helps strangers and not help strangers have advantages and disadvantages .Some people are choosing help strangers.
For one thing ,The reason why they say so is that helping strangers is a virtue.
For another.They think help others will be helped by others.
As every coin has two sides.There are people that are against the idea.To help strangers will give as in trouble and danger.
As far as I'm concerned, I think help strangers is better as helpful is the traditional virtue of the Chinese nation We should do right thing.Carry forward the virtue.That's all.
Hello,everyone,I am extremely pleased to be here.
Today my speech topic is about how to survive college days.
I hope my experience can help you.
I have spent three months in the Northwest University and I know what real college life is.
Obviously, college is different from senior high school, so we can feel a little confused to confront it.
There is a sea of people and things instead of only studying.
The college life is colorful, but we have to know what we need and how to develop by us.
In a word, we have to take advantage of college days.
The first thing is that we should pay attention to study.
The study is student's duty all the time .After my exams, what I feel is that more efforts should be made on my subjects.
Only in this way, we can be confident to deal with any exam .With the exception of our textbooks; library is a positive place to improve us.
I believe we can broaden our horizons if reading more books.
Then, I think we could meet the problem that we don't know how to start college life.
Take my life for example, everyday I do many things and go to many places, however, no one is valued.
Now I find a time-table is able to arrange everything well .The schedule includes your study and life.
In my opinion, it is the key to make the future more clearly.
There are much free time in college, so We can do whatever we want.
After class, we can take an active part in a great variety of clubs .During the course, we learn how to communicate with others, how to cooperate with people and how to handle things.
As we know, part-time jobs have become a part of college life .Some money can be made, which can reduce family's burden in some degree, and at the same time, we will enrich our experience.
As the saying goes "Giving is receiving", volunteer is the best choice to enhance us .Last summer, I volunteered to work as a teacher in a primary school for children of migrant workers.
This volunteer gives me a chance to say thanks to these parents, who make our city more beautiful.
We can participate in many voluntary activities.
We can be paid for our work, not in terms of money, but something more valuable.
To be honest, job market is in poor condition .An increasing number of college students can't find jobs after graduation, so in order to avoid it, we are supposed to enhance all aspects of ourselves.
If we prepare well in college, we will win in sharp competition.
Everything we do should contribute to our future career.
Now, I just open the door of college, and there are many things to wait for me.
I know you will go to university after a year.
College is the place where we fly dreams, so enjoy it.
When it comes to the death penalty, a variety of death methods occur to us .I admit that all sorts of penalties for criminals existed in ancient china .There is no doubt that it is very cruelty and inhumanity.
It has been argued for a long time .Many people claim that the criminals deserve the severe punishment .The death penalty is progress for society.
However, I reserve my own's opinion.
In the first place , in the light of human civilization , the death penalty goes against the progressive trend .From the time primordial , people had no regard for human life .They ended others' lives who had made mistakes with the cruel and heartless methods .We treat them as the savage people .Nowadays, If we insist the death penalty ,what's the difference between the educated and the savage people .As time goes by , there should have improvements in every aspect of our life including the punishment for criminals .
In addition, the essence of the death penalty is revenge.
Someone hold that ending one's life to compensate for the victim's life is reasonable.
It is useless to deprive the life of another one.
As a result, it took pain to another family.
Death is nothing to be afraid of, what's fearful is the suffering of people living .
We were told that there is no end if we take vengeance on each other.
However, the death penalty sets an excellent example.
Last but not the least, death penalty totally infringes upon human rights .People are afforded to life equally on the world .We respect life ,and regard life as the highest value .
The purpose of it is to cut the rates of crime, but there is no obvious effect on the reduction .As the criminals know that once they kill individual, he would be sentenced to death.
In conclusion, death penalty is not progress but a step back.
Love is the topic that people always talk all the time,and it always go with the topic of the matrimony.
Nowadays,some of the sweethearts in the college get married.But I think that for us,the students of the college,getting married is not a good choice.
In my opinion,the college is the place of studying.It is a place where the dream will come true by trying again and again .Once the lovers become a couple,they must devote more efforts to their family.Compared to the studying,the life every day seems to be more important.They won't have more time to study the knowledge and learn the new things happened in the world.
Meanwhile,the students in the college are so young.They aren't mature fully and can't make enough money to develop their family.
In addition,I think that the life of them isn't stable.When they graduate from the college and go into the society.They will face many problems,such as the place of working and living ,and it is the problems that have a terrible effect on their matrimony.So they lose the significance of marriage at first.
Above all is my opinions.So ,I think that college students should not be allowed to get married.
Nowadays, there exists an increasingly serious social problem.
Water shortage has increasingly become a common concern of the public.
Water shortage has caused substantial impact on the society and our daily life.
According to a survey, some people are in favor of the idea of saving water.
They point out the fact that population has increase lead to water has been used more and more.
They also argue that many people have wasted water resources.
Here is an example I got from some person always open the tap and wash vegetables, which works quite well in this case.
In my opinion, water shortage has become a serious problem.
Saving water is everyone must to do.
First we should often close the tap when we wash the greens.
Then we have to collect the dirty water, we can take it to wash out the toilet.
A dozen of measures are supposed to take to prevent save water from bringing.
Based on the above discussions, I can easily fore cast that more and more people will have the ability to dispose of these problems.
Now the development of science and technology faster and faster.
So traditional culture is disappearing.
For example, don't let sit to old men on the bus, people usually like to make a sound when they are eating or many young people like to fight together and so on.
These have been shown to the traditional culture be disappearing.
Many reasons lead to traditional culture are disappearing.
For example, traditional culture doesn't adopt to the development of society and because of people's thought making progress, people hope to live more freely.
So very few people care about the traditional culture.
In my opinion, whether the social development good or fast, we shouldn't make the traditional culture disappeared, because the traditional culture is priceless by us.
People's outlooks on name vary from person to person.
Some people think it is important to have a name.
There are many reasons to hold their opinion.
In the first place,it is convenient to have a name for everyone .
If we want to search for someone, we can call his name.
Becides, a name can separate from each other.
However, others think it isn't significant to have a name.
In their opinion, the name only is a code .
It is unnecessary whether someone has a name.
As to me, I agree to the first idea.
While it is true that the name is a code , it doesn't mean that it is unimportant .
If we have a particular name, we will be concerned by more people .
Then we will gain more opportunities for our success.
My last summer vacation is coming.
It is also the essential time before I face the College Entrance Examination.There is no doubt that I will do anything I can to improve my academic level.
To begin with,keeping a balanced diet is the key to building up my body.Fresh fruit and vegetables contain plenty of vitamins.As the proverb goes,"An apple one day, keeps the doctor away.
"That is to say,fruit can provide me with more energy to concentrate on my study.
Nowadays,there exists an increasingly serious social problem:Excessive Packaging.Packaging's funcion is just in order to keep the goods clean.However,a lot of goods are excessive packaging.
The reasons for this are not far to seek.
For one thing,people like buy some excessive packaging goods to give their friends and relations.Because many excessive packaging goods are very elegance and beautiful.For another,the manufacturers want to earn money.The excessive packaging goods can sell high price.
As for me,excessive packaging is a kind of pollution and make a lot of refuse.I think our government should manage market.Stop making excessive packaging.
And people should know waste resourse is a kind of crime.
I was born in a small town,from then there will be a heavy burden on my parents's shoulder.My father,a grocer,had been under the financial pressure for several years.I was the one of three children for my parents,as I have two sisters,an old one and a young one.You can conceive our hard life.
When I was in a primary school,my mom prepares breakfast before I awake every morning.But at that time,even a "good bye" I didn't say when I left for school.I still remember one day that I fight with others and braked the slide.I was scolded by my teacher,and I was afraid of my dad's scold.To my surprise,he didn't blamed me.He comes to school,apologize to the teacher,and take me home.
As I grew up,my parents get older and older.There are more and more wrinkles on their skin,and there are more and more white on their hair.I am adult now,I'm still young,but most of my parents' youth devoted to my growth.At this moment,I intend to say:I will do my best in return,and give you a healthy and happy life.
You raise me up,so I can stand on the mountain.Thank you,papa and mama.
PADDINGTOM is a film.
It revolves around a young bear, the cubs at London's Paddington station get lost, and then adopted by a good family.
First, in the film Paddingtom says"In London, everyone is different, but that means anyone can fit in.
"is my most moving.
Everyone is different.
So we must do the best we can be.
Will do our best and never give up.
I will never be the same as others.
Second, the film also tells me a truth that personal and animals can live in peace.
Paddingtom can be moved by Mr Brown to get rid of it.
Last but not least, we should care for animals, protect animals.
It is the sacred duty of our human beings to cherish the life of animals and to treat the animals in friendship.
The more animals we have, the more friends we have.
As long as we live in this beautiful earth, the earth will become more colorful, full of vigor and vitality.
As long as people and animals are friendly, our world is perfect and happy.
As the standard of living is getting higher,more and more people are buying cars.
Somebody think cars are good for us.Firstly,cars are very conveniencing for us.They are not only saving the time,but also becoming a tool for riding instead of walking.In addition,we can travel whenever,it's a good thing for many persons .Besides,they has made a great progress in the science and technology.It's really a good invention,isn't it?
Of course,some people disagree with it,they think it's bad for us.For example,they has been used much oil.The oil became less and less,and we need find new energy to replace the oil.What's more,they are polluting the environment.The air has became worse and worse.Last but not least, the traffic jam became a serious problem.
In my opinion,the cars have dual character.Although we need use it,we also need protect environment.It is our duty to protect environment,isn't?
Which one do you prefer,high school life or university life?It's such a difficult choice for me.Either of them has something which I like best,also has something I hate.
In high school,the life is simple but not so free.
We aim at study and we have a clear objective,that's to get access to university.Though it's hard and tired,We need to get up early in the morning and go back to the bed late in the night,our parents keep nagging us and we are always worried about our grade,but everyday is full and meaningful.we know clearly what we are dong,that's enough.
Compared with high school,the university life is more colorful,free but complex.Though we can do anything we like,but we don't know whether it's right or not.We will be in danger if we are not so careful.We really have so much free,but many of us lose ourselves in this situation,we have much time,but we don't know how to use it.
In addition to this,the relation between people gets complex,we can't identify which one is our friend,people are lacking sincerity.Of course,there are still many sincere people.
That's my opinion,maybe it's a bit subjective,maybe it's because I am not mature enough,But I choose high school life as my prefer.At the same time,I hope I can have a right direction in my university life.I hope i can become strong enough to face everything.
As we know,frustration is a part of life and it also give some challenge to people.So,frustration can not only enrich people's lives but also build people's confidence.If there is no frustration in life,it's not a complete life.
But most college students are short of the ability to face the frustration.For example,some college students can't pass the exam,they usually give up the course or sleep in the class.Except that,many college students are the first time away from home,all things only rely on themselves.If meet some difficulties,they may complain and don't think of some ways to deal with.What cause this happen?In my opinion,many college students are the only child in their family,parents prepare everything for them.So that they can not do some difficult things by themselves.
In order to reduce phenomenon,I think school should develop student's independence and studens should learn how to deal with frustration.It can help students whether in learning life or future life.Parents should encourage their child to do more things by themselves.If you face frustration,you will know how important it is.
Now University campus,being late,leave early,absenteeism is a commom phenomenon.Ensure the attendance of students on university education has a great importance.Ensure that students arrice on time,can effectively improve the academic achievement of students.A University body I would lead late.
In fact,it is very important for the students to attend their classes.First,attending classes regularly is a way of showing respect to your teachers.your teachers will feel bad if the students do not attend their classes,which,in turn,will affect their teaching and be no good for the students.Second,attending classes regularly will help to form a good habit of punctuality,which is of great importance for the students to do a good job in the future.
College students should learn to self learning,Attitude decides everything.
I have a lot of good habits.
I always help with housework and exercise.
I read books every day.
I eat fruit and vegetables every day.
I think eating them is good for my health.
I eat hamburgers once a week.
I never eat fast food.
Also,I often drink juice.
And I never watch TV.
However,I have some bad habits,too.
I usually stay up late.I often play computer games.I use the Internet every day.And I do not like drinking milk.
I can't stand the smell.
But my mother wants me to drink it.
She says it is good for my health.And I hardly ever go to the dentist for teeth cleaning.
The definition of happiness is diverse from person to person.
As to me, happiness is a peaceful state in which you have no fear, even in which you believe is tedious.
A book enlightened me with these words: Happiness is that you do not have to worry too much.
I can't agree with it more.
According to some people, happiness means making a large amount of money, being prominent or obtaining power.
However, some rich people feel as miserable as living in the hell.
Cui yongyuan, a host of China Central Television, has got an anxiety disorder.
What's worse, many movie stars or celebrities who committed suicide or died from drugs.
Overwhelmed by the scale of Italy's current financial crisis, the prime minister of Italy had to quit his position.
Besides, some powerful people were even put in jail due to corruption.
Obviously, wealth, prestige, and superpower are not the keys to happiness.
It is simple for us to feel happy: every morning when we wake up, we still can have breakfast at the table, we still can take lectures in the sunshine.
We don't have to live in the flames of the war to watch out the bullets, as Iraqi people do.
We don't have to deal with suicide attack, as Arabs do.
Enjoying your tranquil state in which we don't have to wrestle with great worries is a key to happiness.
Today, there are many cheating phenomenon on campus.
How to eliminate to cheating on campus became a problem need to deserve special attention more and more.
First, as a student shouldn't regard the record as the standard to measure yourself.
Second, as a student should clear the purpose that the school rigging test.
Not only for the test to test.
Finally, the student should improve the quality of their own.
Especially the collage student, should always regard integrity as the highest belief.
More than, it's my personal view about how to eliminate cheating on campus.
Now,many young people use up their money very month.They are called"The Moonlight Clan".Acoording to this phenomenon,there are two different opinions.
One the one hand,Some people hold the view that this is the fashionable concept of consumption.One the other hand,other people opposite the way of consumption.
As far as I'm concerned,it is not wise to spend all money without saving.For example,if you were ill,when you need much money at that time,you could not take up so much money to pay the medicine.Do not you feel sad?To my credit,it is necessary to save some money very month,with which,you can buy some expensive things and donate some to charity.In addition,it is hard to make money,so we should use it economical.The more money we have,The less money we can get from parents.So,It may take our parents ease.
People all their lives would have aims and ambitions,and it needs sources to help them to reach their goals.
as for me ,my father is my power.
When I was a little boy,I was always taught by my father.such as show me the way to solve the math problems,told me the way to write words well.
As soon as I am getting older,although my father does not always teach me the tips for lives,he begins to lead my way to how to be a triumphant man .and I am always patient to listen to him.people always say that father is a mountain.and now,I deeply know that words is be-livable,I can always depend on my father.
Originally,life is not an easy task,but Willian E,Hoy made it wonderful and colorful.Moreover,he was deaf.
On may 23,1862 Hoy born in a farming family in Houckstown,Ohio.When he was a baby,his family lived a tough life.Sometimes,things can be worse.In 1865 He became deaf when he was four years old.Because of his disease,he delayed the time to go to school,until 1872 he at-tented the''Ohio School for the deaf''in Columbus and learned to play baseball.In 1880 he graduated and started playing semi-professional baseball,at the same time,he had to work as a shoe maker to support his family due to poverty.After six years training,he became a consummate player and began playing professional baseball for Wisconsin of the Northwestern League in 1886.From then on,he entered the turning point of life.
In 1888,he started as an outfielder with the old Washington Senators,and then became the Senators leading the hitter due to his outstanding performance,and also invented arm signals.After that his family began to live a better life.
In1903,he attented the last ball game because of serious injury,and played for Los Angeles of the pacific Coast WinterLeague.On the day of the match,he couldn't see ball clearly because of thick fog.However,he managed to catch the ball,and at last Los Angeles won the pennant.This match drew a perfect full stop of his career.
From 1904 to 1924,he led an easy life.He run a dairy farm near Cincinnati and took 4 and 10-mile walks several mornings.In Oct.1961,he tossed the first ball of the World Series at Crowley Field in Cincinnati,and died on Dec.15,1961.
From this essay of "The Trial That Rocked the World", I can learn the difficulties of the evolution of civilization which is a long process.
It should experience a lot of setback before being received by most of the people and it's a long process.
A lot of people struggled for trust and they are heroes because they all had paid great price.
In this essay, the protagonist just a teacher who didn't has high social status.
But he dared to say truth to all humanity.
Although it has great difficulty for him to struggle, he didn't shrink back.
He knew that there are many people to support him and he didn't afraid of anything.
As expected, many people came to help him without fee.
The evolution of civilization is a long process, we should endure loneliness before we realize our dream.
We should insist of this saying.
Everything will get paid.
So to sum up, this article of "The Trial That Rocked the World" tells us to adhere to the trust.
We will get victory finally and let the wind of free always blows.
Hello, my name is H, I come from China, now go to school in london.
It is said that your website can help students find host family.
Place to live now my life is very convenient.
I hope to get your help.
If I can have some requirements regarding hoet family.
The family first to spacious and comfortable accommodation.
Second is to be located in city traffic convenience.
Finally be free laundry.
But I can cook by yourself.
And the best master can speak fluent English and hospitality.
I very much look forward to your reply.
The U.S. has suffered from sustained deficits and increasing unemployment since its participation in NAFTA and the WTO.
Although, in general, NAFTA and the WTO have a significant impact on the surging of the export.
In fact, along with the increasing export, the import has been accelerated more rapidly, thus leading to growing deficits, which has resulted in the accumulated unemployment.
To be specific, the manufacturing contributes more to the amount of job losing, just compared to the other sectors in the economy.
What's more, as for the rising trade deficits, the growth of foreign production capacity has played a major role as well as the appreciation of the U.S. dollar and the sanctions of conflicts of rules.
To be concluded, the fact proves that the existing trade agreements were fatally flawed and should be repaired and rebuilt.
How do you do!I am a responsible newspaper.Now we need to think of the students as an English version of the editor.If you are interested, please apply for this job.
The job mainly includes two parts:one is to Choose articles from English newspapers and magazines and the Internet for students.The other is to Select and edit the articles from students.
We hope that he could meet the following requlrements:first,he is Willing to devote spare time to the students' service.Second,it's necessary for him to be good at both English and art,and can use the computer skillfully.
If you meet the above requirements, to contact us.
We call together to create our newspaper.
when I saw the theme,I thought tha love your neighbors as yourself.
That is ok ,I can tell you one of whom I love very much,his name is X.
He is my friend,I think tha is easy to get long with him,Why?First ,he is very kind and awalys give a simle for everyone.I think it is good to get along with.Then,I am carlessness,I am easy to make mistakes,so,he always points out my mistakes and encourges me to deal with them,he is always caring and thinks himself little.When I have diffcults to do,I oftencan see him.He also is good son for his parents,he is a good helper at home and do housework on weekends,so,I need to do the same things.He also is a good listener ,so I often say many words to him,he is patient and listens carefully.
I am very glad to make friend with him,these are why I love him very much.
With a lot of knowledge in the book, he would when you encounter difficulties, to help you unconditionally.
Reading is a form of entertainment, he can make your heart things more happy.
Practice is the source and destination, understanding is the sole criterion for testing truth, is to understand the purpose and end-result, no practice, no right to know the world, nor scientific, correctly guide the activities in the world.
The accumulation of practical experience,books are the wisdom of our ancestors summing up experience, no experience, there would be no books.
In my opinion, regardless of the book knowledge and personal experience, have the same importance.
Part in all the knowledge we have from our books to read, some from our experience of life.
We can learn from people, to develop our analytical skills, and can draw lessons from the past by reading books.
Therefore, will not repeat the mistakes of others, and be able to use their results.
Or is like Zhao Kuo, though he has read many books, learned a lot of knowledge, but only an armchair strategist on the battlefield, actual combat experience is not many, the final result can only be death.
This is why I think practice and knowledge are equally important.
Currently, cohabitation without lay permission become more and more common in our society,especially in the saint campus.Those college students rent house outside school, lived together with their boyfriend or girlfriends like husband and wife.
Different people have different points on this phenomena.Some people look down on those students cohabiting.Because they think college students are only pure consumer and the only aim for them is to study and get their diploma when graduation,they should spend much time on their study.Some people think college students are adult already ,they can face every question.They know what's love and and they want to know each other deeply,including sex.
In my view, it will do much harm to our lovely college students.
They are too young and they don't have the ability to know other people.
What is a good teacher?Everyone has different points,such as strict and unsmiling,tend to be angry when the students make mistakes.These are my points.
I think a good teacher is rich in konwledges.Maybe he likes to give students a lot of tests,because it can make them progress.But he isn't very strict and unsmiling.The most important is he cars about the students.
He loves to talk to students and gives them some suggestions about their studies.
The chemistry teacher at my Junior High is a man,His method of teaching is nothing like that of other teachers in my school.He always told amusing and interesting stores about chemistry,it make the class not boring,so everyong loved him.
At last,the good teacher must be kind and patient,and he can talks with the students patient and give then suggestions when they make mistakes.
These are my whole points,thanks.
Recently,in order to extend business to university campus,some banks offer credit card to students.
Some people worry that credit card may ring harm to students.
While others don't think so.In my opinion,I think it is harm that university students are used credit card.The following is some of my views.
Firstly,I believe that some university students dip into their purse and loss of self-control on the shopping.such as buy some electronic products and brand clothing.Final result is they contracted huge debts by credit card spending.
Secondly,university students don'have a formal job to repay the money.Some students usually overdraft ,but they have no ability to repay the money.And then the banks will lead to some loss.At the same time,students will loss credit on the banks.We should know that if we don't repay the credit account in time, and we will get a bad credit record which will have an adverse impact in our future.Finally,some banks have stopped the business quietly because of university students have no ability to repay the credit cards.
As far as I concerned,I think credit cards are harm for university students.However, We will benefit a lot if we have used it appropriately.
To charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons by the management can be seen as a response to the problem of hustle and bustle in tourist spots.Sad to say,this policy has turned out to be widely accused,combined with lots of complaint and questioning about what in the world the value of tourist resorts.From my prospective, the policy of charging higher entry fees during peak travel seasons looks far less like a solution to the problem,more like a big mistake made by relevant officials.For the reason that it is not only unfair to the public but also an insidious discrimination toward less fortune people.
Over the past years,all kinds of unfairness and discrimination have been severely condemned or made illegal.But one insidious form continues to thrive:unfairness for sake of the so-called public interest.The tourist minister claims that charging more fees during peak travel seasons is helpful for controlling the over rushing tourists and protecting the environment.However,for the part of the tourists,that alone is not enough to be charged more while enjoying the same scenery at the same place as usual.
No clear-cut distinction can be drawn between overcharging the poor and prohibiting them from enjoying the beauty created by human beings as well as the nature.That does not mean the less rich people can not afford the ticket,but it does mean that it adds extra but meaningless burden to them.Tt is a shame that the less wealth is overfunding the quest for the beauty while underfunding the reach of it.As a logical consequence of this kind of discrimination,the society can never be truly harmonious.
Although some argument in favor of charging higher entry fees during peak travel seasons are telling,the fact remains that this can not solve the problem completely.The real problem is not rooted in the visitors' misbehaviour or the vulnerability of the nature scenery, but in the less equipped operation by the tourist government.Thus the officials should put up with overall programs according to the specific problems emerging in every process of the daily management of the tourism.
To charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons is far less than a fundamental solution to deal with the complex problem revealed in the tourist spots.There is good reason to hope that a well-organized order in the scenic spot in the foreseeable future thanks to a set of policies delivered by the government.
It is very bad to have too much population.
It will cause many serious problems.
First, in many places, there won't be enough food,water or energy to use.
Second, too many people will cause the traffic jam and the house proplems, Finding jobs will be difficult too.
Because of the pollution, our environment is becoming worse and worse .
We should stop people from polluting the environment.
Above all, it is important to contorl the population.
What would take place in the next day?Nobaby knows.We can't predict our future.So something of good or bad always occurs unexpectedly.And it even become the most unforgettable experience for us.
