The fact that universities offer qualifications through distance learning from the Internet is more significant than just saving money.
It offers every person equal right and opportunity to be educated and realize potential,which is its most significant advantage and can not be offered by other means of education.
Secondly, students can study from the Internet flexible.
What I mean is, with distance learning from the Internet, students are no longer forced to study at certain time.On the contrary, they can study whenever they like.
As we know, some workers are willing to take some courses but does not have so much time to stay at universities or their work time contradicts with the classes.
At traditional classes, these students may fail their courses because they miss so many lessons that their academic performance is poor or their teacher get dissatisfied.
While with distance learning on the Internet, those students who are too busy to attend the classes can study when they are free.
Therefore, it becomes possible for them to strike a balance between work and study.
That's another obvious advantage of distance learning from the Internet.
Last but not least, distance learning not only benefits ordinary people, but is convinient for students with disabilities to study from the Internet.For the disabled students who have difficulties in going to schools, that colleges offer qualifications through distance learning from the Internet  is definitely a good news.The disabilities of their body can no longer hinder thier process to success as they can get educated and improve themselves simply by having classes at home.
The 21st century is the century of Internet technology, in which the Internet will make people's life much more  convenient than bofore.
One aspect is the distance learning from the Internet will improve fast and provide everyone with equal opportunity.Although this new method is not perfect now, there is no denying that its advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
The progress of science and technology is bringing us much convenience.So,e-books are popular among the young people.Many young people think that e-books can function as a symbol of fashion.There is no doubt that e-books can become the good method of learning more knowledge about the world.If you possess an e-book,you will not need wasting lots of time to find the book in the library which you want to read.Comparing with the traditional books,e-books have more strong points.For instance,e-books don't take up much space,at the same time,e-books are very light.You can go to everywhere with your e-book.In a word,e-books have become a part and parcel of our daily lives.
As the old saying goes :"Everything has two sides.
"There are some disadvantages of using e-books.It is possible for us to be addicted to it.We may become lazy because we needn't finding books in the library.If we are always stared at the screen,we will have a lasting influence on our eyesights.Different kinds of e-books have different quality.Some e-books are of poor quality which will have radiation.If some children are crazy about novels which isn't related with study,they will fail in study.
In my opinion,e-books make our daily lives more abundant.We can keep pace with the times.It is important for us to know that we should the ture action to use the e-books.We should try our best to give free rein to e-books'advantages.In a word,making best use of the advantages and avoid the disadvantages.Only in this way can we better use it.
I want to study English for three reasons .First,in the international community, English is world language which is world's broadest use of language.Second,if we learn English,not only can we grasp a living skill ,but also we can communicate with foreigners to broaden our horizon.Third,our country is in a period of rapid economic development ,which is facing the world.
So,it is crucial that we learn English to make contribution to the society.
In wy heart,wherever you come from,whatever you are beautiful or urgly,you can or to be a hero.Only if you have courage and resposiblity.
First,maybe they are just ordinary persons,like the leading character in our article.Few years ago,a college student passed away,due to save a child who fall into the water.The man need not have done it,he could just stand there or call the policemen.But he not,his responsiblity said "no"in his mind.So under the"Somebody had to go in the water",he made a choice that change his live with the little boy.Only minutes before,he was walking down the street,but then he became a hero.The true heroes always turn up in emergencies.
second,in most of children's heart,there parents are heroes.I still remember a very moved thing which I haved watched on television.A family encountered a flood.They couldn't exist together in that situation,so they lifted their child highly to save him.Because of love,they done it.
otherwise,these qualifies can't form in a short time,I can't believe a selfish person can use his live to save others.Actually,everyone was desperate to live,and they may never imagined such a capacity in themselves,but they can always make their final act so stunning.
Reading enriches the mind.
Everyone wants to be excellent, so everyone continues trying again and again.
They want to be excellent, so they keep studying.
The best way is reading.
Believing me reading makes life beautiful.
When you are reading if you put heart into it you'll forget all the troubles.
Reading is a good thing, but we must pay great attention to the choice of books.
It is true that we can benefit a lot from good books.
However, bad books will do us more harm than good.
Now let me introduce a book called Notre Dame DE Paris and it is written by the famous French writer Victor Hugo.
I was deeply impressed by it.
The story that occurred in pairs told us what is the true beauty and the true love.
The ugly Bell ringers Quasimodo with a good heart and he loves a girl with his life.
It tells us if you love someone you should protect he or she with your life and everyone should have a good heart.
Kindness is the true beauty.
From reading we can learn many things just like"Success belongs to the persevering.
"And reading can make life beautiful.
If we have a book, we will not be felling of being longly and we will not spend most of leisure time in playing games or surfing the Internet.
In addition, it is also important to practice, because"Practice makes perfect".
We'd better take action right now.
Good books are best friends who never turn their backs upon us.
Nowadays pollution has become an increasing concern in China.People have to worry about the decreasing available natural resources,the worse quality of life and many other problems caused by environmental pollution.
When talked about pollution,it always occurs to us that the industrial activities take the most part of the reasons.Actually there are diverse approaches which have made the increasing pollution.Besides industrialization,agricutural work and engineering for urban construction are also bringing more and more damages to water,air,soil and every part of our environment.
Obviously worries and complains are of no use changing this situation.We need take some feasible measures for the sake of our sustainable development.Firstly,the government should strengthen supervision and management of the environmental protections during the economic development.In another respect,as factories and farms,forming a strong sense of social responsibility and strictly comply with pollutant emission standards is important.Last but not least,living healthily is our common dream.It depends on both government and every ordinary citizen to make this dream come true.So let's work hard together for a better day.
strong.
This movie describe a men who called Louis zamperin was fell in the sea with his friends in one operation and drifted a few days, They can live bravely at the sea, because they have belief that support them to live sometimes , belief is important to us , It can encourage you to do something.
As society develops, science is always changing our lives in different kinds of ways.
Whether you believe it or not, no one nowadays can do without science and technology.
However, as a matter of fact that science is often presented in a dry manner, some of us don't see its relevance to the world.
Actually, science is not something which is presented in the form of equations.
It is close enough for us to put across what is science.
First of all, science brings us light.
With the development of electricity, the world isn't full of darkness any more.
Besides, genetic engineering and molecular biology make it possible for human beings to overcome a lot of challenges such as curing some chronic diseases.
Moreover, scientists are trying hard to harness the nuclear power in a great variety of aspects.
It fits into the framework of scientific ideas quite well.
Furthermore, in terms of mathematical theory, scientists makes full use of their initiative to speed up the development of science.
As science brings us so many benefits, it does harm to the world sometimes.
Each coin has two sides.
It is said that the world will be destroyed completely if people abuse the nuclear weapons.
What's more, the world is becoming warmer and warmer because of greenhouse gas emissions.
Thus, we have to ensure that the changes are in the right directions.
No one can put the clock back to an earlier age or prevent further advances in the future.
What we can do is to witness the great changes.
It's no doubt that science will play a more crucial role in our daily lives in the future.
It's natural that everyone is fond to be famous and wealthy; with fame and fortune, they can achieve nearly everything they want, including social status and respect.
Fame and fortune seem to be the essence of success.
However, fame and fortune bring harm too.
It is difficult to get to the peak of fame, and in the process of pursuing it, you may sacrifice the pleasure of life.
Furthermore, even you gain it, it is hard for you to remain it.
You should do everything according to your followers' flavor, and any slight change runs the risk of losing their favor.
Also, a famous person is always deprived of freedom and privacy.
Everything you do is exposed in fame's spotlight.
So, for those who want to seek fame and fortune, here is my suggestion: be happy with what you are and what you are doing now.
The person of my love most is my mother.
I have been believe that the love between parent and child can never change .Her son is an importance most in the world here and even exceed herself for a mother.
My mother never spend money to dress up myself, one clothes of my mother can wear for many years, but every year she bough some new clothes for me.This is my mother with my friend's mother of obvious of dissimilarity.When I failed, my father would scold me for being incompetent and angry for my failure to bring him trouble.At this point my mother appeal to protect me and comfort me.
The love contain in the life of dibs and drabs.
From my mother there, I learn thrifty and strong.The most important thing is that I learned what love is.This kind of love is an existence at the heart.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of them think that students can get online frequently.The reasons are as follow:First,they think Internet can help them with their homework.They can surf the Internet to get information and widen their kownledge.Second,they can chat with their friends via the Internet though they live far away from their friends,it is convenient.And they also share happy things with their friends.Besides ,they can enjoy themselves online.They can play computer games,watch movies,listen to music to relax themselves.
The others hold different opinion.They don't think it's good for students to get online frequently.They think it's bad for students'eyes,and make more and more students have to myopia.And lots of people indulge in chatting online and playing computter games,and make their marks be lower and lower.It is wasting time to spend time on it and it make students tired the next day after playing online so late.
But,in my view,every coin has two sides.The internet has lots of advantage.But you con't use it well,it may be bad for your study.So I think it important to control youerselves and arrange your study well.With this way,I thinkyou can improve yourselves and make great progress.
My name is X. I come from Y, Z, which is a small beautiful developing town.
I am from a warm family of 4 people, and they are my father , my mother and my sister.
In my family , it's full of happiness.
As for me, i have many hobbies.
I like reading books.
so sometimes i like going to the library with my classmates.
Also i like listening to the music and writing my blogs.
Because it can express my emotion.
By the way, playing volleyball is my hobby, too.
But i can't play it very often .
Because it is a team sport.
It's so difficult to get enough people to play volleyball with me.
Generally speaking , i can be quiet, also can be very noisy.
By the way, my dream is to be a good leader.
I know I am young; there is a long way in my life.
I have to face the difficulties and solve them by myself.
But i know i must keep on my dream, I agree that If you put your mind to, you can accomplish anything.
College is colourful and it can improve myself.I come here .I want I must exercise myself and more change.Make a different people.
During in college,I must learn myself because college is self-control and democracy.
We shouldn't spend much time making friends and playing games .We should develop myself.
When I first entred the college ,I think it very difficult.
Were they accept me?Then,I must compete,against them in studies.
But I always spend too much time making friends and playing games.I felt I wasn't smart.
Gradually,I can learn it is important that to set a study program.
On that day,I got up earlier than usual,and then I put on my new clothes to welcome New Year.In the afternoon,many relatives came to my home and brought lots of gifts for us.We said"Happy New Year!
"to each other.To my delight,a number of relatives gave me"Gift Money",but I should also say"I can't recieve it.
"because that's polite.
On New Year's Eve,we all enjoyed the nice diner that cooked by my mom and aunt.We not only watched the Spring Festival Gala,but also got together to chat each other.The night sky was filled with fireworks,which is just like a colourful flower.We went downstairs and set off fireworks.It was so beautiful,just like the beautiful future that we hoped for.
The old year past, the new year comes.That was my special Spring Festival.
In the last Thursday,in a classroom we were both having a lesson of English writing.
After a half of class our teacher said that let's play a game which all students were divided into two groups and then started a competition of drawing a pig on the blackboard.
We were all interested in this game.
After we were divided into two different groups that was according to the seat number to packet, and there were both 11 students in the two groups.
We were ready for starting the game.
All students had their own role to accomplish the work.
One student patched his eyes then moved in front of the blackboard and drew out the outline of pig's head, but the shape was so irregular that many students burst into laughing, so some students can't help directing him how to modify it .
(about continue 1 minute later)The next student went to the position and started to draw the body of the pig as the former did.
One by one, every student was absorbed in the process.
In the end, when the last student finished it then we started to judge the two pictures.
The one picture just liked a pig, but the other one was so abstract that it didn't like anything.
Finally our group won the game.
In that process we were all very happy.
This game was very interesting and taught us the importance of team work.
Nowadays, Online Shopping is becoming more and more popular.
Many young people are up to it because it really brings some benefits to our daily life, but at the same time, some problems are coming to us with the development of Online Shopping.
There is no doubt that every coin has two sides.
Online Shopping indeed has some advantages.
For example, we just need to move our fingers to get something we like appeared in front of us instead of going out to a real store for a T-shirt or something like that, which not only saves our time but gives us more chances to do something else or just lies on bed.
However, we can't deny that Online Shopping has some disadvantages ,either.
For example, some criminals cheat consumers during the process of shopping online.
On the other hand, many people complain that the quality of the things they bought online are not as good as expectation.
I have more than 3-year experiences of shopping online, so let me give you some advice.
In the first place,think twice before you act, think about the things you are going to buy carefully as possible as you can.
What's more, don't trust anyone else online.
Now I'll describe one of my classmates called Yan Ruilong.
I have known him since two years ago.
When I met him for the first time, he was quite short.
But now he's really tall.
His eyes are small and he wears a pair of black glasses.
His hair is short.
I think he's very proud of his very, very tall legs.
So he's very handsome just like me.
He always helps other people.
For example, when someone has some problems, he must help him first.
He's also very brave.
But sometimes he's a little careless.
He likes playing footballbest, and I like playing football with him very much.
He's good at chess.
We are good friends.
As is shown in the picture, a father asked her daughter how her school today went on.
However, the daughter answered his father directly, telling him to read her blog by himself.
Nowadays, with the developing of the internet, more and more youngsters tend to communicate with each other via internet, instead of talking with around people.
It becomes a phenomenon in our society, and to a large extent, it has already influenced our life, especially interpersonal communication.
The internet brings us some advantages.
At first, interpersonal communication can happen whenever we want.
It is not restricted by time and space.
For instance, when we deal with the cooperative work, the instant messages and video chat are necessary to finish the task timely and efficiently.
Otherwise, through the internet, when it is difficult for us to express our feeling, we can use pictures, expressions and video, not just words.
In a word, the internet can speed up our life.
In contrast, the internet on interpersonal communication brings us some disadvantages.
In the daily life, more people prefer stay at home to go out to attend some activities.
Actually, they have lost face-to-face communicating skills.
With time going by, more and more people will not adapt to the reality, especially interpersonal communication.
Last of all, the Internet has two sides influenced on communication.
It was when I chose my university prefessionals that I had a quarrel with my parents.In my opinion my interests was the leading factor,and what I majored in should be based on my likes.However,my pareNts thought I should chose the subjects which could bring me a promising future.When I refused to do so,they said me inexperienced and childish,but I thought they are outdate and stubborn.we niether gave in,and couldn't make an agreement.A quarrel hanpened in this way.From this ,it can be seen that generathion gap is very common at present.
In contemporary China, due to the development of the reformation in China and the expanding of foreign exchanges, as the essential composition of western culture, western festivals become a fashion in China.
Such as the Christmas day, valentine's day and so on.
This phenomenon has become a hot topic among people, especially among the young and heated debates are right on their way.
While many people especially young people celebrate western festivals, the Chinese traditional festivals seem fading out.
There are lots of reasons .
First,the communion between China and other countries become closer and easier.
There are many people interested in western culture.Besides, most young people regard it as fashionable to celebrate western holidays.
They suppose that it is extremely romantic to celebrate the Christmas day and valentine's day with their boy or girl friend .
Last but not least, most western festivals are popularized by commercial activities.
It is obvious that some western festivals, such as Christmas, have greatly boosted the business of many stores.
As a result, western festivals may enhance the cultural exchanges between the east and the west.
But as we all know that traditional Chinese festivals compose an important and brilliant part of Chinese culture.
It may also lead to some serious consequences.
Perhaps someday the local Chinese may lose their own traditions and cultures because of the invasion of western festivals.
An excellent speech maker should not only express what he wants to say.The speech maker should influence his friends,colleague,boss and strangers.
The following are a few suggestions.Firstly,speech is not like writing,you should use simple words and less complex sentences.At the beginning of the speech,you should know about the audiences' expectation and essential information of the speech.Secondly,after much cogitation,you must arrange your mentality and control the time.Thirdly,how to overcome self-consciousness is significant.
You must have confidence and breath deeply.Then,you could make the best of visual skills.You can look at your audiences and don't stare at computer screen or notes all the time.What's more,if you can make full use of body language,so much the better.
If you can pay attention to the suggestions,you will become an eminent speech maker.
As is known to us all,there is a trend that more and more tend to live a low-carbon life nowadays.Low-carbon life leads to healthy bodies,good moods,and the like.
In gerneral,Low-carbon lifestyle is composed of three aspects.First of all,in agriculture ,much more organic festiles are taking the place of chemical festiles,which does make a great difference in protect-ing farmlands and rivers from being destroyed.Then,many factories will cope with wasted water in case that it floods into rivers.What's more,the governments is bound to take effective measures to support them with money and facilities.
Last but not least,in our daily life,we would rather reuse water than pour it out imediately.Only in this way can we survive the ruined earth.
As far as i'm concerned,as for me ,a college student,i will attach more importance to my life habit,s-uch as,turning off the lights when going out,using plastic bags as few as possible,and reusing water to clean the floods or water flowers,and so on.
Water is indispensable to human development of natural resources, is human to survive and all the material base.
In today's world, water resources and water pollution in the composition of the crisis become any country in policy, economic and technical problems facing the complex and social and economic development of the main restricting factors.
The human to water resources not reasonable use, mainly due to the water resource is limited, and the time and space distribution of the cause of the water resources uneven.
At the same time and the water pollution, water use efficiency is low, the water resources waste for the existence of the situation.
And the population increase, rapid economic development and to increase the demand for water, water resources situation will be even more severe.
So, to control the rational use of water resources should do, 1, science division water function area, to determine the total amount, reasonable setting and drain.
 give priority to the residents living water, key to protect the drinking water.
 the prevention and control of water pollution in the outstanding important position.
Every one of us should start from around things, protect the environment, is a kind of the largest economy.
The Internet is now being used everywhere.
We have good reason to say that the Internet is playing an increasing essential role in our day-to-day life and we have stepped into the Internet age.
There is no denying that the Internet brings us great improvement of our living standards.
In our interpersonal communication, the Internet is not only very convenient, but also extremely quick.
It makes our communication more smoothly and effectively.
It has solved some difficulties in communication caused by territorial restriction and character reasons.
Let more people break their small circle of communication and make friends with more people in different places and classes.
It really achieved that communication is everywhere.
But there is no doubt that the Internet has its drawbacks as well as merits.
Since the internet communication is so convenient and quick that even will reduce the time people communicate on the phone.
The Internet communication goes against an old saying "the distance produces beauty".
People not only cannot have the expectation of getting the information, but also lose happiness when they receive the information.
What's worse, because the transmission of the information is too fast, some wrong information can spread widely in a very short time.
This will bring a lot of bad effects.
The most important thing is that we sometimes can not judge the veracity of the information, thus we can get cheated easily.
Taking all these factors into consideration, I naturally come to the conclusion that we should use the internet properly.
With the quick development of information technology, human society comes into the digital era.
Simultaneously, more books are sold in its electronic format than in the traditional paper-and-ink format.
And many people believe that printed books are not good in digital era and the doom of printed books is coming.
They maintain that e-books are better, cheaper and more convenient and computers can store more information.
They hold the view also because projecting words on the cell phone screen dramatically reduce the cost of producing traditional books printed on papers, that is, e-books are more environment-friendly.
However, other people do not agree with the doom of printed books.
They insist that printed books still play a significant role.
For instance, books which have symbolic significance like Bible are still occasionally in printed format.
Many book lovers also agree that they prefer printed books as their collection.
In my opinion, books printed on papers will play an important role in a very long time.
I believe that books have a powerful hold extending for beyond their literary content.
Books are words of art and there is a tactile pleasure in books necessarily lost in e-books versions.
I agree with this opinion: school study is more important, will concentrate on learning.
The importance of having a teacher.
We can ask the teacher when we don't understand.
They will know that we understand the interpretation of patience.
The danger of spending too much time looking at a computer.
Use a computer query time is longer than teacher asks for leave.
Bad for the eyes with a computer for a long time.
The important of working together as a class.
And students discuss can stimulate our inspiration.
If we are learning at home, we will be the computer, the TV, the mobile phone interference.
Will not concentrate on learning.
In my opinion school study is more important.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming popular among young people.
But every coin has two sides.
On the one hand, if one sits in front of computer for a long time , he will feel tired in his eyes and body.Besides the young are easy to be addicted with going to the internet and lack of exercise.
Also,if everyone know one's private information , then there will be great troule later on.
On the other hand,SOHO lifestyle can help people solve the problem about oil shortage and global warming.It also can help people save the cost of comuting.While the internet enables one to know the latest news anywhere at any time , numerous information can save in one small chip.
Regardless of any lifestyle, suitable oneself is the best.SOHO lifestyle is conwenient to us.
In the west there are many festivals ,for example, Christmas day, Carnival, Halloween and so on.But my favorite is Mother's Day in many western festivals .
The earliest mother's day is to honor the Greek festival of rhea, the mother of the gods .But in the middle of the 17th century, mother's day spread to England, the British fasting period of the fourth Sunday as mother's day.
In this day, go out in the outside of young people will return to their home, to bring small gifts for their mothers.In 1914, the United States congress officially named the second Sunday in May as mother's day, and ask the President issued declaration, called on officials to display the flag on all public buildings.
I'm looking forward to China has its own grateful mother's holiday, and set a legal holiday.
Nowday,more and more people likes pets.That cat,dog,rabbit,parrot.
Most of people apprive keeping pets, because it seemd very lovely , beautiful, if your mood is bad, you can speak with this little pets .you can take it to where ever you want to go .you'ii share your things with it.
you may be friend.
Also, some people doesn't approve keeping pets , they will say:"i don't have enough time to take care it,I need work , study , play......"and it very trouble sometimes,To take a shower, food for it ,if them ill , we need take them to see a doctor.......
In fact, I think keeping pets is a personal hobby, some people like, some people feel that trouble, this is a normal phenomenon, we don't have to interfere with our approach.
Would like to raise, don't like do not raise.
This is a story about Olympics learning.
years ago ,Dannie Pei intended to go to foreign school .
He was disappointed about to study the olympic at the beginning.
But as the time follow and learning deeper and deeper ,he began to like the subject .
Mr Pei' ultimate goal that is to improve Chinese chilren' morals by teaching them about the Olympics ideas that fair play and good sportsmanship.
From the passage ,everyone has his or her opine.
From my point of view ,the Olympic sprints has three points .
Firstly,friendship.
We all know that the Olympic is the whole word' games .Every nation has the power to take part in the Olympic games .
Then,the faith .
Every nation and every sportier all think that they can win the goal.They do their best to flight and they can do well.Thirdly,I think the most important thing is the international and peace .
We all know that the Olympic games can combine the whole word .
During the Olympic ,every nation must have peace with each other .So the Olympic games can bring peace .
As is shown above, The pupil,holding a smart-phone in his hand,questions whether he needs any other education or not,with the mastery of Google.
While the Internet has greatly impacted how to learn,education doesn't simply means learning to acquire iformation because of the following two factors.If we overemphasize students' abilty of learning to obtain information,which do not parallel to creative thinking that is essential for education.
Thus while putting emphasis on education, we should cultivate the youngsters' awareness obtaining the knowledge in many aspects rather than just by the Internet.Only in this way,can our society be more harmonious,and we, asindividuals,embrace more promising perspective.
There will be a foreign language training for all the department manager at 9.00 a.m next Monday.Department manager should attend to develop foreign language ability.Please all the department manager attend on time.
The view that English is one of the international langues has been accepted all over the world , and learning a foreign langue especially English has been more and more important.
Therefore I choose to learn English at HUST to as my second academic degree.
At that time I thought it would be a fancy time ,when I even could recognise some foreigners , who would talk with us in smoothly English ,because I have never talked with foreigners .However ,the first class broken my dream.
The teacher ,a woman ,who was almost 50 ,spoke in English and English , but I could only grasp some pieces ,which made me crazy .
The more terrible thing happened .
She asked us to have a self-introduction .
I was so nervous and scared ,because I can not speak anything in the public .
I stayed silently until the class is over .The class of the second week also was terrible and sad .
In the phonic programme , I always could not pronounce correctly .
So the teacher came to me and pinched my face and mouth , while the classmates fell in laugh .
Though I knew my teacher wanted to help me ,I felt hurt actually.The class of the third week is peace and harmony .I was very satisfied with situation .
Time go by ,I will used to the life at HUST and know the style of every teacher ,which will help me learn more smoothly .
I have been lucky enough to meet those teachers who have supported me, given me necessary criticism, and taught me how to live my life.
After all, of all those teachers, Mr. Fu, my high school English teacher is the most important one to me, for he has changed me and my life since the day I met him.
Mr. Fu gave me the biggest smile I had ever seen on my first day in senior high school.
He is as breezy and heart-warming as his smile.
However, I did not like him.
I regarded his humor as being affected, I disliked him too direct way to criticize others; I was antipathetic to his blaming me when others did not hand in their homeworks.
Because collecting homework was my duty.
Then when spotting a poster discussing Mr. Fu on the school forum, being conscious that he would see it, I submitted, "I dislike him" simply.
I realized that after a serious talk with Mr. Fu, when he told me he saw my poster.
I thought he would scold me; he said nothing more.
After a long silence, I began to speak.
"I did not mean to hurt you.
I was frank; so was Mr. Fu.
"I don't blame you; I knew sometimes I'm just too direct and hurt others' feelings.
I appreciate your criticism.
I will never forget his words, for it was probably the first candid conversation I had had with others.
In my three-year study in high school, Mr. Fu has exercised an invisible influence on me.
Now I smile sincerely, express my feelings boldly, and have become a good communicator.
Sometimes I feel that to a great extend I should not have disliked him; I love what I am now.
There are five thousand years in Chinese history.
In ancient China,we have many countries.
Until AD 221, the Qin ShiHuang defeated the other countries and unified China.
Nowadays, the Qin ShiHuang was died, but the archaeologist found the Qin ShiHuang Mausoeam in 2007s.
Finding the mausoleum is a good thing.
First the Qin ShiHuang was an important person in history.
We have responsibility to prevent tomb raiders.
Next if the archaeologist study it, we will know more about history knowledge.
If we can develop the Qin ShiHuang Mausoeam I think there are many relic, we can collect it and put it in the museum.
It will be a treasure.
In ancient China, the building was very exquisite such as The Great Wall, The Imperial palace.
Hoever if we find the QinShiHuang mausolem, we can study it and know how to build it, it will make Chinese building develop.
Developping the Qin Shi Huang mausoleum we will have a big challenge.
First the mausoleum occupation big land, if we develop it, we will waste a lot of time and money.
Second it is very dangerous that developping Mausoeam, because the archaeology found the Mausoeam is made of a very especial matter that hydrargyrum.
This is a toxic liquid.
It is a very hard problem that we have not enough science and technology to developping it.
Finding the Qin ShiHuang Mausoeam is very important, it represents a culture and China But about this treasure, we just need to protect it instead of immoderate develop it.
It belongs our and belongs around the world too.
With the developing of technology and economy, more and more electrical appears.
Undoubtably, it is convenience and beneficial for us especially those who are working in companies and students.
For business man, they need to collect varied information, and Internet makes it possible and convenience.
For students, they need to search sort of things which in relation to the passages or essays they learned, it is more quick and easier for them to search on the Internet than borrow many books from library.
Maybe you have already found the problem, the information from Internet can't impressive people, it is just surface things.
But if you read books, you are not only read it, you are thinking, considering, all in all, you are not only read.
If you are just read it, do not thinking about its deeper meaning and figure meaning, you will forget what you read soon.
It looks like you just clear the ground and do not put other things on it.
What I mean is no matter which newspapers or magazines, they all have two forms of their work-- tablet edition and print edition.
Like, China Daily, New York, and so on.
And it seems people are tend to read tablet edition but print edition.
We can see that many reports on Newsweek or Times are just give the information or phenomenon to people.
If you are a business man, of course you are very busy, maybe you will go through the news take place in another city or country when you have two or three minutes for a little break or when you have lunch or supper, whatever, you do not have the time thinking about it or actually you do not want to.
It is the tablet edition.
If you are a student, it is pretty convenience.
From my perspective of view, tablet edition like the fast food.
You can get the information you need quickly, but you just get it, you will put it aside soon when you do not need it.
Print edition is a kind of sumptuous food, it contains every conceivable kind of food, and it always be there, you can take it whenever you need, also you can appreciate it slowly and carefully.
Therefore, we should choose the right edition according different conditions.
When you need some simple and huge amount of information, take the tablet edition, it will save your time and energy.
If you are doing some research, then take the print edition, read it carefully and thinking what the information reflect and the hidden information, you will beneficial a lot from it.
So, that is my position, there is no right or wrong about the tablet edition or print edition or which you choose, it depends.
Each has its merits and disadvantages, we should make every effort to avoid the disadvantages and make full use of the merits.
Thies picture portrays such an ironic situation:on the road,stands a man,who is completely concentrating on his cell phone whereas using a stick for direction,which implies the unprecedented popularity or even overusing of cell phones nowadays.
Exaggerated as the picture is,the phenomenon behind it is rather thought-procking .with the development of high-tech equipment ,especially smart phones,people in growing numbers tend to become addicted to the excessive use of them.according to a survey carried out in China Daily several days ago,almost 47% of citizens explain that they would experience certain kind of anxiety without cellphones at hand .
Judging from the evidence above,certain measures should be taken.Firstly ,certain institutions in China should launch relevant campaigns to limit the excessive ust of cellphones.Moreover,we,as college students,should put emphasis on it right from ourselves as a start.
An increasing number of college students are long for studying to the foreign.As the old saying goes,every coin has its advantages and disadvantages.
We know,increasingly students and parents pay attention to the overseas education.There is no doubt that studying abroad we can widen our horizon and it's easier for us to find a better job in our country .In addition,if we have studied in the other countries,our English and knowledge skills can be improved vastly.Therefore,it's good for our future development.
However,overseas study may cause something problem arise.Firstly,studying abroad is a huge cost,which will become parents' economic burden.Besides,chinese students has difficulty in adjusting themselves for the culture of the foreign if they learn a little about it.What's worse,if we could not catch up with foreign students,it should be blown confidence.
As far as I'm concerned,I'm in favor of study abroad if I have adequate money and ability.
Surely,study abroad is a good way to imrove ourselves.The chances that I have an opportunity to go abroad for further study,I try me best to do it.
I prefer the first advice,I had these reasons.
First of all,I think teaching is an interactive process,it require to fit in each other.Maybe some teachers think he is a good teacher, but his students find he has many dis vantage in his classroom,just like speed to fast,the methods of teaching is boring.These disadvandages will let students won't to teaching by the teacher.
Seccondly,if the students can tell the teacher this way of your teaching we can't stand it,please change the way of your teaching,it will better than just stand and keep silence for the resect of the teacher.We spend money to school is to learn.If we can't learn something useful for us,we just need tell the teacher face to face.
At last,in other hand,I can't understand why some people said make comments or even criticism on teaches will let the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.Don't let the teacher know his weakness is the lack of respect for him?
If winter comes,the leaves on the trees dorp light, the north wind whistling.People around scarf, wearing glove,wearing jacket,but still difficult to resist invasion.
Snow is the symbol of winter.
I love winter,but I more love its angle--snowflakes.
Snow give the children a lot of coyness.In the snow, the children began to snowball fights, made a snowman together.
Many people overcoated in the skiing.
Nowadays, more and more people love it.
Winter is a season full of fun, full of miracle.
Also, it's a lovely season.
I'm looking forward to the arrival of winter.
It is well-known to us that China is a country with a variety of ethnic and dialects.
Recently the problem of whether Putonghua should replace the dialects or not has been brought into focus.
Attitudes toward this phenomenon vary from person to person.
Some people are in favor of the idea of promoting the use of Mandarin.
They point to the fact that it is more convenient and swift for people to communicate.
On the contrary, other people stand on a different ground.
They consider it harmful to displace the localism.
It is a common belief that the dialects is a reflection of the customs of ethnic and national culture.
From my point of view, no one can deny the fact that language plays an important role in our lives.
Furthermore, as a part of national cultural power, language needs to be diversified.
Therefore, some measures should be made.
We should not only popularize Putonghua, but also to carry forward the traditional virtue of dialects.
Only in this way can we build a harmonious society, promote the cultural construction and realize our China's dream.
If you can have three dreams and your dreams will come true at once,what will you wish?Why?Now I tell you what I wash and why.
Firstly,I wish I will be much healthier because I think I won't study well unless I am healthy and it is said "it is never too late to learn.
"so that I can learn more information that is useful for me.Secondly,I dream that my study will be better and I'll get better grades so that I will be able to have a better life.Finally,I wash my mother will be better soon because now she is too weak to work and take good care of herself.
The weather becomes more and more cold bofore winter.My classmates who can not bear the cold weather have worn their weight coats.I am not afraid of the cold weather and do not wear the heavy clothes,so all my classmates say I am stronger than them.personally speaking,I thingk the cold weather is better than the hot weather.During the summer vocations I always stay at home,because I can not stand the high temperature.However,during the winter holidays I would not stay at home.I will go out with my partners to play soccer ball or other sports.By means of doing sports,we are not feel cold.
Before winter comes,I always become active.
No matter how much sport I do ,I would not sweat.
So I feel comfortable in this weather.Sometimes the weather would be very fine,I will go camping to come close to nature.All in all,I think it is a good time to take part in some activities before winter comes.
Photo shows in the classroom the teacher told the students to read literature, illustrate the importance of reading literature on students, and trigger the discussion.
We all know the classical literature is the important artistic expression.
Literature has a great influence on life.
Improve the level of their knowledge, improve yourself.
Sometimes, the story is thought-provoking.Reading can improve self-cultivation edify sentiment, feeling the world beautiful, confidence in life.Let the life become enriched and full of fun.
In short, literature plays an important role in our life.Reading can build information to improve our ability.We should enjoy the pleasure of reading.So,we should use their spare time reading literature books.
Through the picture we can know that from 1990 to 2010,more and more college students used their part-time to find part-jobs.
Why lot of students choose to do part-jobs,in my eyes and experience,i think,we are now in the aweward age.20 years olds ,we have ability to earn money but our parents think that we are students,so we must study hard in university,in our heart,we think that we should to find part-jobs in which way parents can pay less.And in other hand,if we had not work exprience,we can not work well in the future or we will lost job which we think very good.
In college we have many time,and our want to walk out to see the world,but if we do not have part-jobs we have no ability to pay the cost of travel.
Along with the rapid growth of science.Computer has become increasingly in our daily life.It brings a lot of convenient there are also many problems with it.
Nowadays.Computers have been utilized in every field.The thing lead to computer replace people.Then it must let an increasingly number of people lose their jobs.And many people used to computer's high-tech make many crimes.They make better use of the computer to do some harm to society.At that.Computer can put out radiation harm the body.If people long time to study and work in front of a computer.The computer radiation cause a lot because of the disease.
Taking into accounts all of these factors.We have reached the realization that computer only is a tool.People shouldn't rely too much on it.
A recent study found that, by the general public has a very high enthusiasm for civil service exam.
I think a lot of people to participate in the civil service exam is will create some problems.
If everyone to work as civil servants, then there is no a man to do the practical work.
This will affect social development.
If everyone to work as civil servants, the competition will be very big, some people will be a waste of time on it.
They will give home caused great burden.
But a lot of people to enter oneself for an examination of civil servants, the excellent talents can be selected to enter the civil servants, to improve the overall quality of the contingent of civil servants.
I think that society should set up the correct choosing profession idea, combine their professional ideal and social reality, and should not blindly follow.
Switzerland is where I most want to go.It is situated in the cental of Europe,covering an area of 41,000 square kilometers and having a population of about 7,500,000 people.In Switzerland,Berne is the capital,Geneva is one of the most famous cities all around the world,Its neighbouring countries are Austria,France,Italy and Germany.
There is so much smart because an increasing number of people attach importance to pratect the environment against pollution,so that Switzerland is called the garden of the world.In terms of economy,lots of industries are developed such as watch,chemistry,food and so on.
Switzerland is totally fascinating.I hope that more and more people are deeply in love with it.
Hello, everyone, I'm glad to be here for the interview.
My name is S and graduated from X university, I major in English education.
I'm very eager to get a chance to be an English teacher.
So today I would like to apply for the English teacher.
I have a lot of experience, for instance, during the holiday many students come to my home and I give their lessons.
Furthermore, stay with them, I feel very relaxed and pleasant, and learned a lot about the teaching skills and communicating skills with them.
In addition, my English is good and I also like children very much.
My hobby is reading books, listening to music, seeing movies, etc.
Furthermore, the children are very active and sometimes naughty, as a consequently, I think that I am very patient, responsibility, outgoing and humorous so on.
I believe, the students must be interested in my class.
So if I have the honor to be accepted, I will try my best to work hard.
Teacher always tells us that we should hold the old when they across the road from childhood.
Nowadays, many people like to help strangers to carry forward The Traditional Virtues of Chinese state.
Anyone does not help the lier around us.
Such as the old woman lay on the street and you wanted to hold she up and really did it, and then, she began to cry and told people who around her that you pushed her down.
Actually, everyone will help others.
The premise that ensures ourselves safety.
In my point of view, everyone should help some strangers who need our help.
In this competitive world, not only actual strength is needed, but also courage will make up your stage.
Just as the old saying goes, the size of the stage depends on the size of your heart.
Life shrinks or expends in proportion to your courage.
The size of your world just depends on your own heart, sometimes, you step out your feet and you will acquire a newly broad world.
There is a little kid living in a little island owning a little house and many toys.
Hiding in the tiny room, the little kid had no courage to join the outside world.
Day and night, the little guy stayed with his toys that showed no energy at all.
He was afraid of the things out of the house.
At that night, he hear the hauling of the wolf, saw the endless darkness out of the windows, stayed with his little candle which gave out faint light and recoiled in the corner.
But this world is changeable, and some unexpected things can always happen inadvertently.
The time is passing, and the rainy season comes on time.
The accident happened in the night, and the storm fallowed the steps of the dark night.
The brave west wind brought on a disaster, the poor boy hidden in the corner of the house, the wind and thunder was roaring in the endless plain.
All of these made the wretched child go mad, he tried to use his tiny hand to cut off the spreading of the tariffed sound, and he got his eyes tight shut.
He tried his best to keep the outside world far away.
But the storm was getting more and more turbulent, the strong wind made the tiny house a rocking box, and the house finally got its energy impoverished and felled apart.
Now the little boy was in the arms of the outside world which is terrifying in his mind.
The little boy stood on the vast and dark ground.
Now there was no way to escape, all that he could is sobbing in the endless fear.
But the sunshine would always replace the darkness, and the life can always be full of hope and laughter.
All the frightening things will finally find their tomb, and the fortune will make the life colorful.
The dawn came at the appointed time, and the scenery out of the house burst into the eyes of the poor kid.
Now he had a general sight of the wonderful world.
The rain made all the things shining under the light of the great sun.
The blue sky, the blossom of the flowers, the elegant butterflies, the running around animals, the clear brook and the brand ground, all of these made an easy smile on the immature face of the boy.
Now his world has expended by the unexpected accident.
If he can have the courage to open the door of his little house, something wonderful would make his dull life a completely new one.
A new life would start and now it is time to build a new house which would have many large windows.
In our daily life, sometimes, we are just like the yellow-bellied kids, hiding in our little house, staring at the door, and having no courage to touch the door.
Actually, we all know that staying in the tiny house is boring and the outside world is colorful, but we are so chickenhearted that we will the wonderful sight out of our little house slip away.
So it is necessary to have the first step taken, and then we will see the beautiful scene out of the little house.
One a cold winter.A farmer walking on the way to home ,he found a snake, the snake lying on the road does not move.At first he thought the snake was dead,then he found the snake was forze.He felt this snake was so poor, so he decided to save this snake.
He put the snake in her bosom with his body temperture to wake him.When he put the snake woke with his body,The snake finally can move his body.When it had become strong enough,the snake was cruel nature,this snake killed the farmer.Before the farmer died, he said I am rightly served for pitying a scoundrel.
This story is told, a man must distinguish between good and evil.Only the hand is stretched out to the good people.For this wicked men even better,their nature also will not change.
According to my mother my first trip was went to Beijing when I'm five years old.
I think that I can remember my first travel was in 2010 .I'm went to world expo in shanghai with my mother.we go there by air, we get on the plane in morning and we landing on the shanghaipudong airport at night.
We have dinner in the hotel , but many food are sweet and I think it was not good.
Tomorrow morning we visited to the UK exhibition room, Spain exhibition room china exhibition room and many other place in shanghai, there were so many people in the line ,we waited about two hour only in one exhibition room.
I'm so tired in this travel but I think I have a good trip .
I think read original work is good because they don't spend lot of money.
I remember my first trip to mount tai in when I was six years old.I with my mother and my father went to there.We went to there by train.It was very fun although it was very slow.I very like taking the train.When we get there,we entered the hotel.The next day we went to climb mount tai and we saw the trees and clouds and stream.We ate the mount tai pancake.I very like this trip because the trip not only is my first trip but also it is very fun.IfI have a chance I'd like to go again.
Literature is acknowledged as the most precious product of human civilization and wisdom.Therefore,reading literature is necessary and important.
There are mainly two kinds of opinions.On the one hand,a good literature can get us to know more abundant life experience through the eyes of someone other than yourself,no matter how it is a great wealth for us,on the other hand,reading literature can help us to improve ourselves quality,which is great help to show our own personality glamour.What's more,reading literature not only is of great significance to inherit and develop Chinese traditional culture,but also culture is an importance part in a country's development.
In short,literature is indispensable in our life and work,we should read more and good literature in leisure.
My name is D.I come from T city,P province.My hometown is near the sea,it is very beautiful and the sea is very wide.My favorite food is seafood and I think it is very delicious.
I have a big family,I have one brother and three sister and my home is always very busy,we often have a meal together.
In my spare time,I like shopping,reading and go climbing with my friend,I'm an outgoing girl.I like to make friend with others.
Now I am major in Business English.I hope one day I can become an excellent English translator.
That's all,thank you.
I have read a book which is called The Lost World.
It is one of the most prominent books that Arther Conan Doyle has written.
The story is set in London and just began on a scientific meeting.
It tells an amazing and wonderful story about four persons to discover a lost world and have many adventures.
Edward Malone, the main hero of book.
He is a junior reporter for London Daily Gazette.
He is always egger for new experience and ever-willing to experiment.
Professor Challenger is the people who first mentioned the lost world.
However, his enemy, Professor Summerlee and other people didn't believe him.
That's why he lead Summerlee, Malone and exploer Lord John to prove the world was exist.
To be honest, every part of the book is breathtaking.
My favourite part is when they got to the lost world for the first time.
They crossed a single-plank bridge to get to the lost world and they saw a lot of 'amazing' things.
It is interesting, humorous, even scary.
The Lost World is a great book which is full of imagination.
It is more than an adventure fiction.
It tells how the problem solved, how two enemies become friends and how everyone accepts the truth.
It is written in everyday Endlish and the dialogues sound especially real.
Today, it is still read and loved by many people all over the world, and it is thought to be one of the greatest American stories.
With the development of the society, people are living the better life.
They have enough money to buy anything they want in the supermarket while they ignore the original need, love.
The economy is blooming and the young people always focus on earning money.
In their opinions, the more money they have, the happier they will be.
And they also believe that the money can help their parents become happier so they just leave their parents at home lonely.Actually, they have forgotten to ask their parents what are they really need.
The old people always feel lonely at home but they never express it to their children.
They are afraid of making trouble to their children.
They just stay at home, talk with themselves,cook for themselves.
Though they live an abundant life,they still feel very lonely.
Money doesn't mean everything in our life and it can not bring happiness to everyone.Our parents already devoted their whole life to us.
We can see from the picture above that the people more and more dependent on cellphones, even people are still looking at their cell phones when they are crossing the street, and using walking sticks in order to see.
The occasion leads to the probability of traffic accident.
Now, more and more people would experience certain anxiety without cellphones at hands.
Meanwhile, the overusing of cellphones, firstly, would make the relationship of the people more apathetic since we have less time to communicate.
Secondly, people would lose themselves in the virtual world.
What's worse, it would be harmful to our health.
We, as college students, should read more books, to participate in some activities.
And we should use mobile phones as little as possible, can't be addicted to mobile phones.
Nowadays, reading becomes an important tool or the method to gain knowledge.However,the matter of reading selectively or extensively has puzzled amount of young students.
Personally,i think reading selectively is an attitude and reading extensively is a skill.They are both necessary methods to rich our head.
For example, when Qian Zhongshu studied in Qing Hua university, he read all books of the libaries during his college period.
Reading extensively helps his gaining richful literal materials.
Besides , he also select many excellent artical to recite.
In his opinion, reading selectively is also important .Because Qian appropriately used the time of reading selectively and extensively , he finally becomes the master of Guo Xue.
As far as i am concerned , using the time of reading most and appropriately.
Reading selectively or extensively is associated with each other.
It't a great honor for me to be invited to address a speech here.
My topic is about demanding and offering.
On hearing the news that one graduate demanded a trio of Apple products regardless of mother's tears, I lost in thought.
I suppose the demanding is to offering as the right is to obligation.
So, next time a request is at the yip of our tongue, let's examine our own heart and ask ourselves what on earth we can offer our parents.
That'all.
Thank you everybody.
My hero is ZHOUXINGCHI because he is very funny.
When i was a child, I often watch his flim such as < gongfu >.
I can't help laughing when I watch he and he paid a lot for his career.
I admire him very much.
When he is not famous, he is very successful.
He like one of his movies, he wanted to do well, but he always fails.
Finally, he after continuous efforts, and finally succeeded, I think he is very brave and work hard so he is my hero.
on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month is the Dragon Boat Festival.
It is also called the Duanwu Festival in China .
The festival dates back 2,000 years ago with a number of legends explaining its origin.
The best-known story is about a great patriotic poet named Qu Yuan.
He was a good and respected man, but because of the misdeeds of jealous rivals he eventually fell into disfavor in the emperor's court.
Chinese will held some activities to memorize Quyuan on that day .
The most popular activity is Dragon Boat racing.
The dragon boat teams participating in the dragon boat race represent different clans and the boat heads are beautifully decorated into dragons, roosters or carps.
In addition, People also eat zongzi on the Dragon Boat Festival.
There are many different kinds of zongzi.
Some are sweet, and some are salty.
The elder people are enjoying making this traditional food with children.
What's more, we Chinese are likely to throw zongzi into the Miluo River in order to feed fish so that the fish will not eat the body of Quyuan.
The Dragon Boat festival is one of our Chinese traditional festivals.
What we should bear in mind is that only do we know and respect traditional culture can it be spread better.
My school is very beautiful and big.
There are many interesting places,such as a big playground,the classroom,punish-room,chemistry-room and reading-room.
In classroom we can study together.
However my favorite place is the playground,we can play the game,exercise to keep healthy,on PE class,running on the playground.
Hold sports meeting.
I love my school.
Like to have a class at the school.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I was excited as well as worried.
I was happy that I could still study hard and make more friends, but I felt sad at the same tine, because I was shy.
I was afraid that I could not get on well with others quickly.
When I got to school, I found my new teachers and classmates were friendly.
So I didn't feel nervous any more.
After school, I was not worried, instead, I was sure I will feel happy in the future.
let's wait and see.
How are you?I am enjoying my life in the Q University very much and I can not wait to share my results and thoughts about what books university students should read with you any more.
I have learnt an extremely inspiring aphorism created by Mr.Francis Bacon -Histories make men wise;poets witty,the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.I realize that we went to school and received education,but sometimes didn't know what we exactly should gain through books.
Now I believe reading is not for us to find a good job but improve ourselves ,enrich our mind and widen our sight.So as Mr Bacon said,I think it's necessary for us university students to read the books that can develop our accomplishment of personal ability such as philosophy,art,literature and so on.Because only when we become someone rich of mind can we be creative both in our life and career.
Therefore,I read some brilliant books recently.I'd like to recommend the The history of Western Philosophy written by Russell to you.It told about the history of the evolution of western philosophy and personal ideas of Russell.It is profound and humourous.
Even though not having finished the reading yet,I have been appealed to it deeply and started to look at the world in another way.It is really worth reading.
Finally,I hope we can share our ideas about the books we read in the university frequently.I'm looking forward to your reply.
Yours.
Nowadays university merger has become a major concern around China.Some universities become famous after the merger,such as The Jiangsu Institude Of Education.Attitudes towards this issue vary greatly.Some people think that university merger is reasonable,but some other people do not agree with them.
the university merger should be forbidden by the government and be condemned by the public.
As far as I am concerned,university merger conforms to the trend of the times.The reasons are as follows.Firstly,university merger can provide more professional options for students.Secondly,it can bring a lot of benifits to university.Last but not least,the merger can provide the university with a beautiful future.Constantly,university merger should be supported by the public.
Nowadays, the number of single-child family is increasingly growing under the Family Policy.
It's not surpring that the child, viewed as the apple of the parents' eye, get so much attention that there is a lack of independence in the life.
While the parents are eager to make a fuss over their child, they must be aware that it is their too much love that make the children's inability to comfront the difficulties from the life.
It is necessary for parents to provide love for their child in a right way.
First,they are supposed not to pray for an easy life for their child.
Children should be exposed to the real world, and with parents' help they will make it clear that life is filled with ups and downs.
Second, parents do as a leader to give children a right direction and other things are left to children.
Last but not least, parents' approval of right decision from children and encouragement to children when they fail is the strength of the growth for children.
Sharing children's success with them and helping them when necessary is more vital than too much love.
If parents can act as they realize the importance of helping their children as independent as much , they will find a real short- cut to a happy life for their children .
I think that having a meaningful college life is wonderful and important.
It is wonderful because the college courses are comfortable and the free time is enough to let us play and it is important because the college courses are helpful to our work and it is comfortable to us to find a job.
As a college student,we should develop our interest.
Don't study hard every day but we can't play every day.
For example, we should join in some communities and do some sports which are helpful to our health.
If we do like this, we can complete a meaningful college life.
It is month since I become a college student .
The college life is very interesting.
interesting but also meaningful.
First I will take part in the college's activities positive.Making friends as many as possible.
Then I will do a part_time job in vocation.
Making myself get morn experience.
Last,of course I will study hard to make myself become a super scholar.
These are my plans.
I believe I will have a meaningful life.
The West Lake is located in the western of Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.
It is one of the most important and famous scenery in China.
The West Lake covers an area of 6.39 square kilometers.
It is home to a great diversity of famous sights.
Among the famous sights are Tiger-running Spring, The Lingyin Temple and Su Causeway.
Many people come to the West Lake to appreciate the beautiful scenes and study the culture of silk.
However, the attraction that arouses the greatest appreciation in The West Lake is the leifeng Pagoda.
The leifeng Pagoda is 71.169 meters above the sea level.
It is famous for its Buddhist culture and poetic culture.
There are many stories told about the leifeng Pagoda.
The most well-known concerns love.
A snake who has a beautiful lady's appearance named BaiSuzhen falls in love with a scholar named Xuxian.
But eventually they can't live alongside with each other, and BaiSuzhen is trapped in the leifeng Pagoda.
In a word, the West Lake is an absolutely fantastic place worth experiencing.
My friend is a girl who is at the age of fourteen.She is thin and quite tall with short black hair.She always smiles.Her round face makes her looks lovely.
She like wearing dress best because it can make her more beautiful.
She is friendly.
Everyone can make friends with her easily.She is such a kind girl that many people likes her.
She is also helpful.
When people have problems, she usually help them.
She said helping people could make her happy.
She is a girl who likes sports and music.
She is good at running,swimming and playing basketball.
You can always see her do sports after school.
In recent years the Internet has changed the way do our shopping.More and more people like online shopping ,not only young people but also some old.It's seem that everyone likes shopping on line.The reason why people like shopping on line are as follows.
First of all,with the development of science and technology,the Internet make our life more colorful and convenient.Especially shopping on line,we can shop at anytime and anywhere just with a mobile phone or a computer.Secondly,there are many kinds of goods on online store,such as clothes,foods,electrical product etc.Last but not the least,the commodities are cheaper than it in store.
Although online shopping has many advantages and convenience,we should be a master of shopping on line.The Internet is a virtual world,its systems are not safe,so being vigilant in anytime.Life is precious,don't waste too much time on online shopping.
All in all,this life style is absolutely imperfect.In order to lead a healthy life,we are supposed to do more exercises and expose ourselves.Only in these way will our life become more beautiful for you and me.
Now I am taking the college entrance examination which will have an significant influence to my life.At this moment, I want to thank you for the everything you have done for me,especially during the twelfth grade.
Having a clear target to enter the ideal university,I have been working very hard in the short term.Fortunately,providence does not let down a man who does his best.I made remarkable progress.What's more, I feel confident that I will pass the exam smoothly on account of peaking my performance.So be relieved.
Finishing a heavy burden of study,I would like to have a rest above the focus on the family.And I will do more housework and try to learn to cook.Please expect it!
In the end, thank you a lot again.I have been proud of being your child all the time.
I will try my best to live up to your expectations.I love you so much!
This evening my families were watching TV when have a meal.
My father said to me that speed is rather slowly.I answered him that today is Saturday.
So I should take a rest, but my father became angry and shouted.
He said that I have no time to rest because the exam is coming.He turned the TV and leave the room.
I understood as a student we should know that learning is important but we also have a brief rest.
Nowday, parents and children may have a large generation gap.
We should communicate with them.
Of course, in this way our parents can understand.
That stands for a relationship between diligence and success.
I hold the view that if one person is industrious, he will be triumphant soon.
I don't think I'm a diligent student in that I couldn't concentrate on study all the time.
I spend some time on TV and computer which has caused my score's falling.
Therefore, I need to cultivate positive habit of study and I should learn to plod at my books.
And then, I will be just one step away from success.
Contrary to my example, another good one of this can be offered by Edison, which was a great scientist in the 19 century.
So diligent he was that he had created many useful things.
He held on researching consistently and persistently though he met difficulties.
As we can see from the above fact that diligence can contribute to success.
Not only should we try our best to overcome difficulties but also to be a diligent person.
I am honored to come to this school.
I am going to have a wonderful four years here.
I think there should be a meaningful college life.
First of all to make friends.
Be sincere and friendly with others.
we cannot go with out friends,if we have no friends in our lives,there will be no happiness.
College life.
Second l think a meaningful college life should be a little hard study.
Because our primary task is to learn.
Iearning can improve our ability.
Third college to learn to deal in things.
University is learning to live in the world.
I hope my college life should be more reading,good learning and more friends.
I love my college.
I love my teacher.
We are collage students now,however,some people think that our academic performance also important.But some people don't think so.
they think that communication skills are more import.
study hard.Besides collage is a stage that we can show ourselves on it.So good communication skills are very important.With good communication skills,we can easy show us and let others remember you.It also can make you different than others.When you want to join in a new club,you can easily make friends.It is useful than your good academic performance.
We should make a blance between academic performance and communication skills and fully develop ourselves.
On Thursday , after finishing my final exam, i came to our Advanced Materials Research Cen- ter for my new journey of study.
in the past there days, I read some documents mainly about the prep- aration of Ag@Sio2 core-shell nano particles.
here are the methods learning from the documents.
in order to get the Monodisperse Ag@SiO2 core shell structured nanoparticles, tao et al.
demo -nstrated the approach that using sodium citrate as the reducing agent, silver nanoparticles can be a -chieved from the silver nitrate solution and then silver nanoparticles coated with amorphous silica were prepared using improved Stober method.
Thickness of silica shell can be controlled by varyi- ng the droping volume and time of tetraethyl orthosilicate.
wang et al.
had prepared the silvernano- particles via reducing silver nitrate with trisodium citrate, and the size of silver nanoparticles is ab- out 45nm.
by adding ammonia as catalyst agent and keep its constince stable , the process of sio2 s- edimentating the surface of silver nanopartiles could be accelerated.
Ladies,gent man and our preceptor.It's the honor for me to stand here introducing myself to everybody.I'm very glade but a little nervous.
In that my English is so bad and I can't past the CET4,it is a pity to me.So,I intend to try again and do my best to past it,and it is one of my aim in this term.OK,above all,I introduce myself to scholars and preceptor.My name is F,21,I'm born in B province where gather minority nation said Hui.I love my hometown very much .I Think there is remarkably beautiful and comfortable.So,welcome to my hometown if you have a chance.
I'm a lively girl and often cut down my hair very short.Look like a boy and I like playing basketball,ping pang,and doing something which has chanllenge.
Of course,it takes much trouble to me,on my study way there are many interesting things happen.One thing is steep in my heart can't blot out,when I study in grade two in the senior middle school .Once I'm going to cut my hair down in a barbershop,as soon as I come in ,I tell him"please doing your best to cut my hair enough short",I'm sure he heard and set on the chair quite.For a long time,he almost finish but say" you are a girl or boy",I can't understand at all,because from my voice can distinguish easely,I think he make a big joke to me and it let me very embarrassed.From then on I try to leave my hair long but failed because of my curly hair.Such thing often happen on my body and finlay I decide not to ignore them,continueing to cut my hair short and look like a boy.
I have a big weakness is careless.My name is F,yi means carefully and xin means upward,from my name I understand that my parents want I can be a carefully girl.On the contrary,I'm a careless girl,it make me embarressed because I often make mistakes on the details.Such as count,from I study then on I don't know how many times be bogged down by count,about a month ago,I also have a mistake on a simple count as usual.then, one of my classmate make a joke that I should go back continuing study count from zero.I'm innocent.It has past many years but I can't shake off ,to myself it is really hard and may be I just such a girl.Speaking here,I have a sentence that is"staying half awake staying half drunk".I often speak it to my friends or classmates.I like it very much because I study it from one of my ma thematic teather who is a great teather.When I come to college I find there are many things have a large change.At first I can't accept,but when I remember the sentence I can be will and hitherto I also put it in my heart,also it don't have the mean of encourage even more have a little pathetic ,but make a great effection on me,pull me out of puzzle time by time.So I like it very much and will remember it forever.
Ok,next,I'll share my happiness with your,one of my best friend and another is my gift.above all,I talk something about friend,she is not only my friend but also my classmate.We have study 16 years from then,and we gather in one class for 13 years.For many times we should be separate but not,because in this years we have changed three schools and every time left a school and a class we'll gather in another same school and class,we also be classmate.I think it is very magical,seems we are bonded together with something.So,maybe we get together for a long time we can guess something in the each heart without any prompt.Nevertheless it is a pity we are separated this time.We come in two different collenge schools and not meet nearly two years for some reasons,to be honest I miss her amazingly.
Then,I tell something about my gift or said toy.Speaking to my toys I'm very joyful.I have two Mucdulls,one of them is from my buddy and another is from my best friend who not the one refer to just.This two mucdulls look like but come from two persons unfamiliar each other.They are precious to me and I put them on my bed ,also they are both 60cm long and occupy half of my bed,but I'm willing to share my bed with them.
Although they are just toys but I stay with them very happy.To myself,they have important mean and I'm not think they are just toys.I love them.
my speech is over,thanks.
Dear parents How's everything these days,as your lovely daughter,I feel so sorry that I can not company with you these days.
Firstly,like course,in my mind,school life should be free so that we have more time to do what we like,secondly,I think we ought to have enough time to sleep because we need to relax.
As time went by,there is no doubt that I will get good friendship,I will also reap the benefit of some opportunities because of our communities.
My motto is:the more effort you do,the more wealth you acquire.
In general,here at university,I pledge to make my study experience as rich as possible,after all,the future is build on a strong foundation of the past.
Don't worry about me,dad and mom.
As far as I am concerned,Body language plays a vital role in our daily life and it has a great many advantages.Not only does it tell others what you are thinking,but it also can be helpful for you to make a deep impression on others.In a word,Body language ia practical.Next,take my experience for example.
At my age of twelve,it occurred to me that my family made a decision to move to another city.It meant I had to leave my favorite friends and beautiful hometown to live in a strong environment.I cried loudly,but it did not make any difference.What upseted me most was that I was not able to communicate with the local people,I could not make sense to what they were saying when talking with them.One day,my parents were committed to business,they told me to buy some food for lunch.I was frightened,I told them I could not manage it.My father walked closed to me,just laying his hands on my shoulder and smiling at me.Suddenly,I said "Yes" to him and rushed out.For a monent,I came back with some food in my hands,we all bursted into smile.
From my experience,it is persuasive that Body language speaks louder than word,sometimes Body language is more effective than any other way.Let us communicate with others in Body language as more as we can.
I think personal experience is important for me.
Because you can try personally to get some good ideas and life truth.
As an example, you walk next to construction sites, you see a rock is fall, you think it so danger, next time you don't next to construction sites.
A long time ago, they didn't have books to read.
But they from personal experience have life truth, know how to use the fire.
Many housewife is get wisdom for living to personal experience.
Like computer program, you will one by one test the content.
Now people read books is to read novles and learn basic, it can't learn personal relationships.
When you will make a thing to school, you read 100books about thing and to make that just one time, I think that is will distance very bad.
You will make a thing one by one, and you can make a tasty thing.
No matter you are in the bathroom, in the car, at home, you can always to learn some personal experience.
You don't get any thing, you in the world to living, to do something, you will get some personal experience.
Hello classmates.My name is T.I'm from W.I'm very happy meet yours here and want to be friends with yours.I hope the 14 class can be a big family and we can have fun.
I think i'm a open and clear person.
In the class we will grow up together to leaen more konwledge and to make progresses in the next day.I think we can be a veey good get along with.I sometime think my life is so boring but i often play computer games or take exeecise but i'm feel boring in more time.A lot of time but can't find things to do.This is really me and hope you will became friends with me.
Mid-auumn Day is Chinese tradition festival and the second most important festival in a year.
The family get together to enjoy the full moon as well as eating all the kinds of moon cakes on the evening of Mid-autumn Day.
The autumn is harvest season,people celebrate the big harvest happily during this season.
In my view,learning a foreign language needs perseverance an interesting.As we know,when we learn a foreign language,we may come across many troubles which may be unconquerable to many of us.Therefore,faced with difficulty,many of us get cold feet.However,if we insist on what we are doing and never give up,however diffult the problems are,we can overcome them.
Besides, I also think belief is of great importance.Belief in ourselves can help grow energy and courage which can lead to our ability to solve problems.
Whenever meeting the complicated questions, just tell yourself you can do it, only if you don't give up.
Last but not least, never be afraid of failure.As the old saying goes,failure is the mother of success.Sometimes when we know what we cannot do well, we can do it better next time.
To some extent, failure is the force that drives us to the way of success.
All in all,those are some basic rules when you are learning aforeign language.
If wu refer to the details of studying it,then there will be more points.
Some people in life often focus only on appearance while ignoring the connotation.They believe that the appearance of a beautiful heart can hide the ugly.I do not think so.
A person's value, not by appearance can be invaluable.When a beautiful girl met a ordinary boy, she asked: "Do you have the flat, do you have the mini-cooper, how much the income of your work?
"The boy said: "I'm so sorry, I have no flat, because I have a villa.
In a word, judge not from appearance, the sea cannot be measured with a small-cup.
I saw your advert that needs a personal assistant to overseas sales manager and I would like to apply for the position.
As you can see from my attached CV,I have been working 2 years as receptionist and secretary.
I am good at communicating with others.
During this time, I have some chance to develop my skills and abilities.
However, I want to challenge myself and make me know too much knowledge.
And I think it's the best time to make this move.
Besides, I have completed course in college and got good grades.
And I can do a good job in English because I used to live in Rome in 2006.
And I can speak fluent Italian.
So I can get cross three kind of language.
And I have 6 months experience in travel agency.
I think I will be suitable for your company.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
I went to see my grandparents this morning.My grandparents are very happy.Because of I seldom look after my grandparents.My grandfather asked me about my study and life.I said my life is happy and study is great.We talked about other somethings.My grandfather said study and life is very important for me.
I believe I can do .At least, I said to my grandparents look after theirselive and I will see their last Saturday!
All of college students face a same question that where should we go .
Some of them had thought over and got a resolution , the others had not done it .
However , the option of the choice is nothing but to go to their motherland or striving in the city of their college at or to go to other city .
The factors of effecting their determination is various .
I reacon that majority of them consider that their future being effected by where they are .
Appreantly , they consider whether they have an oppotunity in this city.
If student choose to live in a big city , they think the big city has developed economy ,high-level income , colorful leisure life , convenient traffic , good condition of education for children.
If student choose to live in a small one , they think the small city has less competition , life of slow-rythum , low level of consumption and low housing price , fresh air .
these two type of city have respectively good aspect , the denying of advance of one is the other's defect .
Based on the advantages and disadvantages of these type of city and took my character into account I will choose to live in small city .
The main factor is that I want to breathe fresh air and see green mountain everywhere and everytime .
Thank you for your letter,We regret to say that we reject a claim on office supplies.
We have a reason to reject it.The first the 1 office supply is not for free so that we don't deliver it.You can check the receipt which is not order.Second,though we delivered it on time.it is also delayed for 2 weeks due to the bad weather.We enclosed the copy of BL for you.
We hope that you can cancel this claim and have more business with you.
Please inform us of your decision by May 25 2015.
Nowadays online shopping has become a fashion, especially popular among the young born after the 1980's.
Take this year's November 11 as an example, in which day Taobao earned over thirty million yuan.
More and more young people prefer to shop online rather than going to the store.
It is apparent that online shopping has a lot of benefits for customers.
Firstly, it is convenient for customers to shop online without going to the store themselves.
Secondly, it is usually cheaper to shop online, for it reduces the cost.
Thirdly, online shopping makes it much easier for the manufacturer to produce new products according to the needs and likes of the customers who respond promptly online.
But every coin has two sides.
Online shopping has its disadvantages too.
For example, due to the loose supervision from the government, there may be fake and inferior goods, and what's worse, once the customers meet with such things, they usually find it hard to get back their benefits.
Therefore, I suggest that we should shop online carefully.
If we are not sure about the quality of the goods we place an order for online, we should not shop online.
And if we shop online, we should keep necessary materials ready for further self protection.
It is urgent that we should have a strong sense of copyright and responsibility.
For modern people, stress is a severe problem that cannot be avoided.
Drastic competence, high self-expectation, and lack of resources can all cause the sense of stress.
Yes, stress of certain degree does help.
It is like the air that can make the balloon to drift.
But when imputing too much air, the aftermath is clearly presaged.
The suicidal cases of Foxconn, the overworked people died of myocardial infarction all lead to one conclusion: we need to deal with our gushing stress.
Three ways will help: be moderately 'capricious', ask someone to accompany you, and mostly important, keep a positive attitude.
Be moderately capricious.
In fact, the fundamental cause of our stress is that we bear too much.
Especially for Chinese, we admire the way to hide the true feelings and do the things which we are unwilling to do.
But occasionally releasing some of the burdens will adjust you to a better condition.
Be capricious, which means following your heart and do what you want rationally.
For instance, get an early sleep for one night instead of staying up late for the courses you have learned.
Tell your roommate it is his turn to sweep the floor rather than swallowing the anger and do it by yourself, and you can even shout out your feelings loud without caring that the passers-by will think you are 'insane'.
After taking these little steps, you will feel relief.
That means the bothering situation is alleviated.
Find someone to accompany you.
People are gregarious animals.
So you do not have to take all the rocks by your own.
Find a reliable person who is ready to be your emotion 'bin', such as your relatives, your teachers and your friends.
Then share your feelings with them.
In the process of telling and listening, you will find, the miserable feelings once immerged your heart have gone with the wind.
What is better, some sophisticated listeners might give you the viable advice which can enlighten you to tackle with stress more efficiently.
Keep a positive attitude.
It is the most important point above all.
If you are always desperate, no matter how crazily you indulge yourself, or how frequently you communicate with others, the stress will get back soon, like a haunting ghost.
Then you feel more devastated and stressful.
In case we fall into this kind of 'vicious cycle', we must learn to love our life: while facing work, you are willing to prove your value instead of holding the reluctance.
When problems come out, trust you can find the perfect solutions rather than complain all the time.
You will find a heart of passion and optimism makes less pressure and more coziness.
Only by keeping positive, can it be possible to expunge our stress away.
'Controlling the gas in the balloon' is always an imperative skill to command.
When being bothered by stress, do not exaggerate it as a chronic or incurable disease.
The essence of the 'treatment' is to keep a positive mind and release your stress in time.
Then you will not be suffocated under the dome of depression.
On the contrary, the stress turns out to be a ladder, which encourages you to get to a higher and better stage.
According to the form, we can see that solo compared with fizz.
They had in common with their can size 330ml.
However, the first, their selling price was different.
Solo's price was lower than fizz.
The second, sugar content, while fizz's sugar content was much higher than solo.
The third, they had different market, the solo's target market was the most popular.
The fourth, on the contrary, the fizz had the most widely main outlet.
Finally, sales volume, it's divided into two parts.
In 1st quarter, the fizz was higher than solo.
With developing of economic, they had a dramatic transformation.
In 2nd quarter, the solo was higher than fizz.
It is said that daughter is the lover of her father in their earlier generation.
I don't know what the truth is, but I do believe that there exists a kind of special emotion between my father and I.
My father stature is not very high with a beer belly.
However, before my birth, when father was very young, he was rather thin.
Therefore, it was amazing for me to see the photos several years ago.
Whenever I asked about the change of his figure, he would laugh for a long time and told me many stories.
Big eyes, double-fold eyelid, square face and a flat big nose, that's some distinctive features about my dear father.
Father once said that I looked just like him especially when I was in primary school.
Father is a quicker walker.
That's another part I resemble faintly my father.
As for the age, two months and 14 days later will be my father's 45 year-old birthday.
He is 24 years older than me.
We have the same Zodiac sign, goat.
Behind father's appearance, father is a hard-working, diligent, conscientious and tough person who does everything by himself.
I learn from him that it's never too old to learn.
One thing impresses me most is the driving test.
Father learned driving at the age of 40, not a very young age among learners at that time.
He made a record of what he learned everyday.
He wrote down his good points and bad points about different parts in driving.
Moreover, He regarded the small crate as steering wheel to grasp the main idea of driving.
Interesting enough to see that picture, I was deeply touched.
He was a model of diligence.
There was no doubt that he passed the test easily.
Besides, Father pay much attention to the cleanliness.
It seems that he can't be comfortable without a clean neat environment.
When I was in middle school, father would cook after his work.
Though time was limited, he always cleaned the houses first and then cooked for me.
His requirement for cleanliness even made me think that he had got fixation with cleanliness.
My father has a great impact on me.
That's an important aspect.
I care much about my living and studying environment because of him, thus creating my habit of cleaning my rooms occasionally.
Moreover, father is patient and considerate.
He seldom expresses his love by speech.
If he has something to say, he may send me a massage or write something on a paper.
Every time I feel depressed or lose my confidence, my father will instruct me by writing something on a piece of paper secretly.
It never stops.
I know it is because of love.
He once said that he knew much about me because I was a mirror of him no matter on appearance or personality.
That's the truth.
That sentence also reflects what I want to say.
I can read clearly about my father's mind without words just by his action.
I love my father, not only because blood relations but also because we know each other well.
I love my father, not only because he impresses me a lot but also because he teaches me many things.
I love him because it is a kind of special emotion that can hardly be explained clearly.
As is shown from the table, in which there's a tight relationship between numbers of road accidents and ages of people.
To analyse the phenomenon clearly, my illustration can be seen as follows.
The table shows that who aged of 2-4 are injured greatly with 98 kids for they are playing in the street, and there are 81 children aged 5-7 injured due to the same reason,which approximately results in the outcome that playing in the street is an important factor of road accidents.
In addition, we can find that those who aged 2-4 and aged 5-7 are injured a lot more than others, which may make us reflect further.
Although there are many other factors such as going to school, cycling in the street and so on, leading to the road accidents,we are able to see that the number of people injured is decreasing gradually because of the growth of ages.
To solve the problem well, some effective measures must be taken to reduce the road accidents.
As we all know from the table,first of all, parents are required to take good care of their children and watch over them strictly so as to prevent their children from playing in the street.
Besides, our government ought to take actions to make some constructive traffic rules well.For example, drivers must obey the traffic rules according to the related regulations.
Last but not least, we can teach our children to improve their awareness of safety as early as possible.
In a word, to reduce the road accidents and keep people safe are needed mutual efforts of all aspects.
Only in this way, can we live a harmonious life.
good listening is a method of showing respect, expands mutual understanding and improves the interpersonal relationship.
Some people believe that parents should listen to their children.
Listening not only makes parents understand their children much easier, but also clear the atmosphere between parents and children.
Teachers should listen to their students, and then teachers are able to provide students what they ask for and comprehend more to their students.
Pupils should listen each other, thus they will help each other study.
What I want to indicate is that each of us should listen to others seriously.
When someone is talking, we should show our respect, don't interrupt the speaker and keep silence, if you want to express your opinions, you can say it when the speaker finished his talk.
In a word, listen to others can get everyone closer and closer.
My dream is to be a scientist.
When I was very young, my parents bought me many books about science.
I felt satisfied after finishing reading them because they taught me a lot.
Then I began to look forward to being a scientist to find out more about the nature and the world.
To realise my dream, I try my best finishing every science subject perfectly at school.
Then, I keep reading science books or find something interesting about science on the Internet when I'm free.
I have a lot of good habits.
I hardly ever watch TV.
I always eat fruit,vegetables and I drink milk every day.
I exercise six or seven times a week.
I never stay up late.
I always do my homework before I go home.
I will always be in class before the preview.
However,I have some bad habits,too.
I use the Internet at least five to seven times a week.
I hardly ever go to the dentist for teeth cleaning.
I help with housework three or five times a week.
I sometimes eat hamburgers and I often eat junk food.
When we entered college, much surprising and differences fill with our school life.
Studying in college is differences in high school.
As we all know, college is a special place which has a felling like happiness or fulfill.
But, high school is described as a dell that has much homework and recites so many dull things.
So, in high school, many students are forced to study and they study for entering a good college.
They are following teacher's step and studying in a fixed and boring way.
High school study has the same kind of subject, so students can not choose their favorite subject to learn.
College is a flexible study method.
Students can choose what they like to study because it has different kinds of subjects to choose.
Self-control studying, learning favorite subject, various teaching and active environment are extremely common in college study.
As far as I am concerned, college life is a gradually adjusting progress.
Above all, we must take study as our major work in college.
In the other way, we should develop our interesting and read some books to expand our eye sight.
Communicating with our teacher, other students or famous people, we can get more benefit and know some news.
It is very well to do some social work, and we can get some experience in our work.
So, it is importance to learn something, not only from book, but also from some person.
In my opinion, college students should learn more knowledge in difference way.
And then, experiencing social life is necessary, such as, do some work, set a social net through communication.
Finally, to fulfill yourself with knowledge, elegant manners and comfortable appearance.
Let yourself have a perfect change of inside and outside.
Hello,my name is Mike,my 12 old, I'm from China.
telephone is 420-347-889,I and Mary is close frend ,she like play soccer .Bye.Bye.
I'm sorry to hear about your problems and hope I can help.
Maybe you exercise less so you are too heavy.
You should exercise more.
For example, you can run a few miles every day.
Maybe you can do more exercise this way.
If you eat more junk food, you will get heavy.
You won't have a healthy unless you eat less junk food like the hamburger, the ice-cream and the potato chips.
Don't feel bad about yourself, relaxed and try to change the weight.
I believe if you try, you will have a healthy body and happiness of life.
I hope my advice helps.
Please write to me again if you need any more help.
Now there had a social phenomenon in recent times: No one dared to help the fallen.
The Chinese have Chinese traditional virtue.
It encourages people to be more charitable.
We are taught to help others when we are still in childhood.
So any one of us would bend down to help the fallen up by instinct.
Nonetheless, now the news reports that a part of vulnerable groups are playing on people's sympathy.
That make person feel that their kindness come to no good.
In my opinion, the government should make law to protect those compassionate citizens.
Meanwhile, we need to keep our kindness for the bad guys are in a minority.
We should believe that the world is beautiful.
I am very happy to introduce the Great Wall to you.The Great Wall in Beijing and it is a miracle.The Great Wall has a long history of thousands of years of history.The Great Wall has condensed the sweat and wisdom of the working person of all ethnic groups in the past dynasties.The Great Wall, the total length of more than 100000 kilometers.It is a miracle because it built by man.I think the Great Wall is very grand and magnificent.I'm looking forward to go there the next time.
In general ,the graduates always have different opinions on buying or renting the house.
For some people ,they just need to rent a house,because it is enough to deal with their current needs,they think that it is doesn't have to buy a house for them now.
But now,most of the graduates who want to buy a house now,they just depend on their parents for the down payment or even more,and most of the families are income in general,college tuition has spent a lot of money,if buy a house that will increase the burden of more again.
From my point of view,whether to buy a house or rent,must according to the demand of oneself and family situation to decide.
I want to check details for an event next week with my two assistants and the Room number is 345 in Fashion Hotel.
Please confirm the schedule with security.
And David will be late for the event because he has to collect revelant information about the new project.But I hope everyone must present the meeting on time.
People are born alone and died alone.So we need friends to stay beside us sharing happiness and sorrow and to support us when we are down or helpless.Though we can come across with thousands of various of people, it's really hard and lucky enough for one to find a intimate friend who has the same interests and opinions with you and can understand you without talking too much.
And so lucky am I that I have already found mine and I became the lucky dog.
His name is Leer.
He is an excellent student.He has a smart brain and learns things fast.As a student, he always has a good grades which makes him rather outstanding among all the students.
However, he does not like the typical bookworms who read books literally interpreted.
Instead he has his own independent though and always like to think various kinds of things about books or the life.He is the only one who dares to question the books while the others may only bury heads into papers without any consideration.Besides his high intelligence, he also has a good emotion quotient.He is so rational that he always knows what he wants and what he should do.
Yet as the old saying goes, every coin has its two sides,.He also has an insufficiency side.
Just like most other smart gays, he is also conceit and self-centered.
In the meantime, he is too rational to take care of others' feelings which may cause misunderstandings with his friends around.
This is the gay who comes the closest with me after all these years.
We have known each other for more than six years.We are the very similar kind of people.We have the similar character.What's more, we hold and share incredibly the same opinions on many things and have very much the same interests.This prompts us come together.
And time consolidate our friendship.
We worked together through the university entrance exam which built our friendship.With all these years passing by, we insist keeping contact with each other.
When I get into troubles, he is always there ready to lend a hand.
Time flies.Some will leave and some will come.Among all my acquaintance I value him the most.I admire and appreciate him and will cherish this friendship for my whole lifetime.
Everyone has a family.We live in it and feel comfortable .
I am a happy girl .My family is very happy!
As we know,mother is the greatest of the people.My mother loves me very much.She makes delicious food for me and helps me study .So I should do something for her.I thought about it for a long time.Finally ,I decided to give my mother a surprise.Before she came back home,I wanted to make delicious food for her .
When our school was over,I ran back home.I washed some vegetables and cut some meat,then flied them .
When I made them well,my mother was coming.She was very surprised and pleased.I saw tears were full of her eyes.She was very proud of her daughter,because her daughter could make the big dinner and help parents do something to show love.
My father also is greatest man .He is a driver.
His hobbies are playing basketball.swim and dance-He like sports very muchHe has two brothers and he has three sistersHe likes my mother cooking hotpotThis is my fatherI love him very much .What about your father?
I love them a lot .
I love them forever.
Thank you for reading this application.I saw your temporary offers while I'm searching for a position as a telephone sales person.
I am a senior school student and do well in English and French.Apart from that,I am hard-working and have experience communicate with other foreigns.Additionally,I have a mild temper and a patience heart seldom would I quarrel with others.So I think it will be much easier talking with people.
I feel honored if you would accept me and I would try my best to deal with the work.
I am looking forward to your reply.
students to take part in social activities.
education absolutely, college students are berefited a lot for this actions.
can apply their knowledge to solution the pyactical problems.
their skills.
I think it is necessary for college students to participart in it.
our study Therefore we shuld try to balance relation ship between socaial practice and study.
Now, the Internet matter a lot to the world.
The Internet is gradually developing which makes us learn more information.
So, most people think that the Internet makes the world smaller.
I agree with it.
Now, I've talked about it.
As the society is advancing, the Internet goes into our daily life.
We always look for information about around the world by the Internet.
First, we can learn the events from where many different countries in the world, Second, we can also use the Internet to know their tradition, delicious foods and so on.
Not only can we know much information about the world by the Internet, but also we can make many foreigner friends and many persons, we can talk about our different tradition and anther topic.
Now, we can see many companies doing bussiness with foreigners by the Internet.
When we want to know more things, as for us, when and where are not more important any more, it makes the world smaller.
Now, we can do what we can't do that before.
I like using the Internet look for information, because I can learn more by it.
