Because of this, both parents and students should listen to each other.
Parents listen to children knowing more about their kids and to remove generation gap.
After listening to students, teachers may understand them and manage to meet their need.
Your classmates doing this will improve friendship and help each other.
When we have a discussion about a math question, we need to keep clam when we listen to others in order to let us have time to think this problem.
It is very important to be modest when doing things.
In my opinions, being a good listener is an attitude toward life so we have to learn to listen to others.
With the development of science, phones have become more and more popular in China recently.
In reality, there are both advantages and disadvantages.
First of all phones can help with our study.
Secondly phones can also let us communicate with others conveniently.
Last but not least, phones have more and more functions.
You can take pictures.
You can listen to music by using it as a MP3.
However, just as everything has two sides, the phone also has many disadvantages.
The most serious is the electric wave radiation which is thought to be harmful to users' brains.
Another problem is that when someone who is having a meeting or having a class or at a concert etc, the ring of the cell phone may interrupt others.
So I think children should use phones as little as possible and turn them off when they are attending important meetings or attending classes.
In my opinion, the phones should be a good tool for us to communicate with others.
Also it can open our eyes in the outside world.
In the course of our interaction with others,we always impress the heart of others,so do other people,that those images affect our contacts.
So a good impression for others is exceedingly important in our daily life and communication.
I will tell you some ways about making a good impression.
Firstly,the first impress is very important.Actively making communication with other people and with a smile on your face,it will be better than smile-less.Secordly,manners and find a way to admire others is the same important as the first.
A compliment will make your friendship profounder.
Thirdly,Polite to say goodbye to them.
Except these ways, study hard to make you more wisdom and see the world,it can also help you to do it.
After reading the passage < < once more to the lake > >, what impressed me most were the charming scenery and the exquisite feelings described by E.B White.
The harmony between man and nature in the lake was enviable, especially for the modern people.
The experience that E.B White went through reminding the memory of my childhood and my hometown.
I was born in a small village in Zhejiang province.
In the morning in summer, the first thing when I opened my eyes was to look for my mother, and soon , I would hear the reply and a hurried step of going upstairs.
My mother always opened the door of our bedroom with the faint scent of a new day.
Even there was a time when I was almost infatuated with the scent.
Till up to now, I still can not distinguish whether it was the scent of my mother or the scent of the nature, I just defined it as a scent combined the scent of my mother and the nature so that I was attracted in to it so much.
After I finished my daily basic work, I always followed my mother to go to the garden to pick the vegetables in the front of my house where there were some rows of the wooden stands putting up or some vegetables to grow up.
I always hidden in the back of one of those wooden stands waiting for my mother to discover me.
In the afternoon, the sun weakened his power, what I like most was to go to swim together with my partners in the stream whose water as clear as the lake's that the writer had referred to , playing games in the water ,such as passing the ball, finding a specific thing under the water quickly and so on.
Sometimes, my father would go to the stream to catch fish, I always could not wait to preparing all the tools for him in order that he could take with me to go to.
I would like stay quietly by the side of my father observing how the little fish lived freely and unrestrained.
Usually, about one hour later, my mother had already got supper ready for us, then we came back with the achievement of my father.
On the way home, you could find that the smell of the food from different house filled with the air inducing the great appetite of you immediately.
When the night coming, the star in the sky began to brink their eyes and played the game of hide-and -seek with the moon.
The fireflies carrying their little lantern began to fly here and there as if they could hardly wait to visiting the concert which held by the flogs everyday in the filed.
After enjoying my delicious food, I always went to the yard of my uncle's house sitting on a small stool waiting for my uncle told the wonderful stories carefully.
At that time , it seemed I truly went through the scene that my uncle described.
I would laugh, cry and frightened as the story going-.
However, I was not so lucky as the writer .
Everything in my village had changed a lot.
The stream was dried up, sometimes it would give off a foul smell and the filed naked their bodies seemed at the death door.
The whole of the village presented a desolate picture.
When a burst of cold wind blow over, you will feel a bit fear, especially in the evening.
Almost all of the young people went outside to look for jobs who came back just once a year in the spring festival, only leaving several old people.
Now ,when I come back to my hometown, I am always with a hard heart.
I become so unfamiliar with it .
I can unbelievable my favorite place has changed so much.
One day, I meet a friend by chance, I always played with her inn our childhood.
We found a place to have a sit ,we talked about half an hour.
When I walked out of the door, I realized that we could never come back to the past.
After reading the passage, I feel I have fallen in love in the lake as E.B White.
I dreamed there is a time when I can " once more to the lake" for E.B White where I can remind of my beautiful memory.
Recently,the voice of China,which belongs to TV reality became very popular.It attracted a large number of audience whose habit is listening and creating music.
to the music which is created by singer with their chairs back to the singer.if the judges were keen on the singer's performance ,they would turn their chairs and give the singer encourgement.if more than one turns, the contestant has the right to decide who is his final decision.
light through every one's heart.
What do you think about it,betty?I'm hearing from you.
LiHua.
low-carbon lifestyle is popular among the young.
should be closed when they are not in use.
As is known to all,Blind-date Show has roused a wide attention.Whenever we turn on TV, those scenes of blind-date Shows would pop up on the screen.In reality,I think that the phenomenon is normal very much.The reasons of the Blind-date Show lie in several aspects.
For one thing,recently,the lonely-hearts are rapidly increase.More and more people cannot find their partner,so the Blind-date show is a good way of solving the problem.For another,many people would like to amuse themselves by watching other people dating,so the Blind-date show is more and more popular.
As far as I am concerned,I support the Blind-date show.First,the Blind-date show can help a lot of lonely-hearts to find their partner.It is a great platform to communicate with each other.Second,the Blind-date Show can enrich our life.It can bring happiness to people.Third,For Chinese viewers, they have proved riveting, turning traditional matchmaking on its head and celebrating instant celebrity.
All in all,The Blind-date Show is a double-edged sword,and we should correctly treat the Blind-date Show.
There's a world of extensions to the core Rails framework through plugins.
They provide cool functionality that may not be needed by most of the people most of the time, but still serve a spot for those exceptions where you do need more.
As the saying goes, Actions speak louder than words.I consider it is true enough for us to trust.
It's known to us , term begins, our class teacher always let us write a composition which is about your expectation and your plan in new term.
We usually write something which is so stodgy that no one may affirm at all.Such as :I would make every effort to do everything superior to before.
However,almost nobody can observe.Moreover, if you just talk without your specific actions, you will become the boastful to people.
In conclusion, words is nothing but words.
Actions is the only way to make people admire you.
Do not talk much, just act,in that actions speak louder than words.
My school has various kinds of activities,as a result, I has taken part in many club activities which do me a lot of good.For example,I can make some friends and I can learn many life exprience that is important in the future as well.Sports can not only improve my physical ability but also let me have a break among the heavy study tasks.Besides,it can offer lessons about teamwork and make our friendship closer.When we watch English movies,I have learned many useful everyday English which help me make progress in English.Because of this,I have more confident to talk to foreigners and I am not shy any more.
And below are some suggestions for you.It's important to know that you should choose an activities which you are interested in and fit for.Also,you need to understand that your mainly work is studying so I must say that you had better not let the activities make an affect on you study.In a word,just try some activities and make you life more colorful.
There are several things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.
First, you should make go good use of the internet.
Because of getting the information of job openings on the internet is much easy than in newspapers.
If you want to get information easily, you should log on to system at first.
Web site and searching for web site about recruitment agency.
This is web site is a place offering various kinds job.
Only does you register and become a member, you could consult the information on job openings.
Other members are your neighbors, not only can you find classified job there but also can make friends with others.
If you find your dream job in that web site, please don`t forget to introduce it to your friends and relatives.
Is now a society of information, information exchange may determine whether you can get the opportunity.
So, a mobile phone is one of the efficient communication tools.
As a coin has two sides,mobile phones also have advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, they can contact their parents anytime, especially in the case of danger.
On the other hand, it is a fashion to be equipped with a mobile phone.
What's more, students can relax themselves by listening to music.
Sometimes, students are too small to present themselves from misusing mobile phone.
Some students tend to waste lates of time to play games and sending messages.
In the end, I think mobile phone may bring a lot of convenience.
For example, students can look up words by a mobile phone.
So, I think it is integrant for students to have a mobile phone.
The first day of my university is wonderful.I saw the beautiful sense in the university,and I feel the life style of university.
I believe I will not forget my first day in university.
When I came in my university I saw a beautiful lake .
This is a lake which can bring happyness to me .WhenI saw that lake I believe I will enjoy a colorful life .After appreciating the beautful sensce I notice that so many students in this university.
It is a good thing if I study in this university like them.
besides,a teacher introduced the university to us as a guider.
we were walking around to the university.After that we went to the hall,and we got some more information about this university .I think this is a place which always appear in my dream .I also believe my dream can come true in this university.
my first day in university is happy.
I am so happy to take part in this big family .I hope my dream can come true in my university.
I also hope I can enjoy a wonderful life in my university.
I remembered it was a summer vacation.
The day I graduated from high school.
You know that was a two-months long vacation, so I have nothing to do at home.
I decided to go out to find a temporary job.
So I went to shopping malls to asked for a seller.
Luckily, I got it easily.
At first, our task was just clissifing clothes into different parts in the storehouse.
Maybe you think it was very easy.
Actually, it was tired.
I got a pain.
A few days later, we could start selling clothes to customers.
There are variety kinds of customers.
Someone was just looking and didn't buy anything.
When you met this kind of person, you can't go away or be angry with them.
At that time, I realized that selling clothes was not an easy thing.
I wanted to give up, but I couldn't.
I tried my best to do the job better.
The happy time always passed quickly, so my first job was about to end.
From this memorable experience.
I have learnt that if we put our heart into it, nothing is difficult and nothing is impossible.
You said you were interested in watching the popular TV programme "The Voice of China",so let me tell you something about it.
It belongs to a real people show,in fact,it is a match of singing a song.At frist,singer sings the song while the judges sit in the turnable desk ,which are backed at the singer.If the judge interests the singer, he will turn around the desk.If not just one judge turn around,the singer will have the opportunity to choose judges.
I think it deserve looking,every singer sings very well and behaves excellently.And it also help to choose the people who have the talent in singing.
That is all,what about you?Tell me your view of that.I am looking forward your letter.
As is known to all,rapid developments in technology brought us a new era.With the aid of highly-developed public transportation,long-distance travel isn't trouble any more.At the same time,the group of private car owners is growing bigger and bigger.Now,smart car which people have waited for since so many years ago finally rises to the surface.
The smart car who can see and hear and feel and smell and talk and act under the control of electronic sensors fixed in the car is expected to solve some driving problems.It can eliminate the existence of the drunk driver and the sleepy driver.We are eager to see a decrease in the number of people that are killed or badly injured each year in traffic accidents.The smart car also can contribute to problems in fuel and air pollution.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.Most of us have already taken part in them and enjoy the colourful activities.As for me,different club activities and sports are my favourites.They not only make me go out of shyness,but also develop my abilities and make me strong and health.What's more,I love watching English movies very much.I can learn real English and know about foreign cultures in this way.Through the activities,I've also made a lot of good friends.
So what about you?Do you want to find a way to help others and improve your abilities?If so,you can choose a club for your hobbies.Or do you want to enjoy happiness while getting stronger and healthier?Then you can choose some after-school sports.There are also a number of interesting activities waiting for you.Just take part in those advantageful after-school activities and enjoy yourself!
Called the British the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, is made up of England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland .
In 1535, become a part of the kingdom of England,Wales Scotland and England in 1707 formally merged into the kingdom of Great Britain,Great Britain and Ireland in 1800 merged independence in 1922,Northern Ireland is still stay in the United Kingdom .
Mental attitude mainly refers to the kinetic energy of the heart hormone, complex cardiac various psychological factors included the quality of training and ability.
This sentence is very obscure, in fact, is the unity of mind and attitude of the character, attitude is the mentality of response performance.
What kind of mentality, it was decided that things will take you on what kind of attitude.
People can see through your attitude your mind.
As long as one has a good attitude, you can maintain full mood every day.
Good attitude, like luck.
Mental fight, good luck will come naturally.
Remember to do anything must have a positive attitude, once lost him, he jumped out, to learn to adjust their mentality, a good attitude and work would have direction, they do not lose people will not lose their direction.
Attitude is good or bad, is the usual practice to adjust and to form habits.
Nowadays,the Internet is becoming more and more popular.People throughout the world use it to chat online,shop online,finish the task which is assigned by the boss,play the games and so on.As we all see,the Internet has occupied our life.In my humble opinion,at the moment people aren't able to live without the Internet.It has no doubt become a vital part of our life.
However,as the saying goes,Every coin has two sides.We should look to the bad aspects of the Internet.With the spread of the Internet,people no longer communicate with others face to face.The relationship between friends,family members,colleagues is worse than before.They all have less communications.It is obvious that the interpersonal communication between people is less than before,even none.
In the picture showed above,we can see the interpersonal communication between the father and the daughter is very brief.Instead of communicating with the father face to face,the girl tells her father to know about her school life through her blog.
It should be noted that we must focus on interpersonal communication.We should realize that while the Internet can bring us a great deal of convenience,it can not take the place of interpersonal communication.We must focus on both,especially interpersonal communication.If we communication with others face to face,we can eliminate the contradict and promote the relationship and emotion between people.Then,our life will become more colourful.So please focus on interpersonal communication.
In my free time,I like playing basketball with my classmates or my friends.I like playing basketball very much.I play basketall every Friday.So I am very tall and strong.If I am very happy,I will do some sports.Because sports can help me to more excited.When I am sad,I will talk about with my best friends or my parents so that I can be happy.I think when I am very sad.Talk about friends or parents is a good way.
I used to imagine my college life while I was in senior high school .In order to go to college,I have to stay up all night and complete heavy homeworkes from time to time.college life is heartfree ,stress-free and colourful .
The fact that.
University life is very boring.I do not know how to deal with the plenty of spare time.Most of the time I felt that I was alone.
Some people think that the university should learn a personal life in order to adapt to the future social life.I think they just live for life,No matter whether happy,I think they are real robot.Some people have other ideas ,They think the university should contact with other people ,Learn to share the joy with other people that will enable you to make friends ,Not only enrich your life.
And but also you are in sorrow will also help you .
In my opinion ,In your spare time, you could play basketball, football and so on.
Doing sports is very interesting and good for your health.
Studying in college is a brand new start of our life.You can continue to study hard for the better scords.
Libary is a good place for students to study in.
If you want to show your talents and skills you can join in all kinds of activities.
You should live your different ways .it's a whole new world forus to explore.
Inside it ,we open our eyes and make the most of our potential.
This article introduces the impact of WTO and NAFTA on the economy of U.S and surveys the necessity and effectiveness of fast track.
Even though supporters say U.S can achieve trade balance under WTO and NAFTA, this trade policies actually made the conditions deteriorating: trade deficits was rising and unemployment was growing across the united states especially in manufacturing sectors between 1994 and 2000.
What's more, "Fast track" trade negotiating authority is not for the nation and will not have any effect on the economy.They are likely to curtail the growth, not increase it.
With the implementation of NAFTA, the substantial appreciation of the U.S dollar has stimulated FDI from U.S to other partner countries, thus increased the trade deficits.
Fast track promotes by Bush Administration will be invalid for this problems.
In all, even though free trade is the long-run trend, WTO and NAFTA has fatal flaw and can not achieve the desirable outcome.This trade agreements need to be repaired and rebuilt and fast track is unnecessary for American economy.
Today there are much problem of pollution in our life.Many people say it is so crazy,but a lot of them do not do anything to procute the envicoment.
For example,water pollution,rubbish pollution and so on.In my opinion ,the most pronlem is the water pollution,because if we do not have water we will die at once.People can not live without water,water is very important.
Wo must do something to protuct the envicoment,so what should we do.First,do everything from our llife.Second,tell to your famify to protuct the envicoment.
Good morning.
My English name is Melissa.
I come from Q. I'm 20 years old.
H College is my school, I like study there.
In H College, I will study English three years, because my major is Business English.
I feel English is very interesting.
I Iike it.
In my spare time, I often play computer game.
Sometimes Ihand out with my best friends.
Now, More and more college asked students to take part in social practice.
Social practice activities become an important lesson.
So, in the summer or winter holiday, we choose to be volunteers and help the people who need help, we took part-time jobs, too.
For example: the supermarket, restaurant and take part in other activities.
It is good for us to take part in social practice activities.
First of all, social practice can help us open our eyes and understand the real society.
The second, social practice made we communication with more people.
The last, help us find a good job after graduation from university.
However Social practice may bring some the trouble.
Such as, some students ignore their study and have no good rest.
It's a bad thing.
My point of view is we should take part in more social practice, at the same time, we should try to keep the balance between social practice and study.
At present, the college graduates' job issue is a social problem, and it is because many of college graduates are hoping to find a job which has a higher and stable income and security , they want to enter some good units, such as government agencies, state-owned enterprises, and so on.
However, it is some different employment options between male students and female students.
Male students more hope choose job that has some the relatively strong challenge and has excitant , such as enterprise management personnel,lawyers,police, while female students prefer quiet, less stressful' job, such as secretary, accountant.
From the above analysis,we can see that the contemporary college graduates want to take the jobs that are consistent with their own characteristics.And they are also want to take this job which has quite high social status .
In the passage,the author told us an anecdote that he found difference between Chinese and western learning style.Chinese style is teaching by holding children's hand,which were regarded as resulting in lacking the creativity.On the other hand,Western Style is letting children explore on their own,and giving priority to foster children's creativity.
But the western-style education is not that superior in every aspect,at least it isn't effective when I learned tennis.Here is my story.About seven years ago I began learning tennis and took a lesson given by a foreign teacher.He taught in a downright western way,he never talked about the elementary movements of tennis,just let us play.Three months later,I found myself still clumsy in such sport,I thought tennis was so difficult for me that I quit the class.The next year I somehow met a Chinese tennis coach,he just taught by holding hand,and my tennis skill was promoted fast.
I think,creativity is not the principal thing in learning everything,for example,swimming,languages,physics,math,etc.When learning something sometimes we need a template,and sometimes we need to get the facility first so that we can be confident of getting into further learning process.And something doesn't require creativity,such as swimming,we just need to learn how to do that instead of creating some new swimming stroke nor some way to break the record.
My school is the affiliated high school of tianjin university.
Our school is not boarding, one day a total of nine class.
Four classes in the morning, afternoon lesson five.
We have finished the first class in the morning to do a radio gymnastics.
Our lunch is not a takeout or DingSong eat lunch, but is the dining room in the school since.
We have a total of eight compulsory subject in school, have Chinese, maths, English, physics, chemistry, history, geography, politics.
We will have a week of extra-curricular activities, I quote is the basketball activity, outside activities that make you healthier.
There is an increasing interest in live together .Beacause they have always had their parents to depend on for advice and guidance and when they become university student ,their live begin to change .
However other people stand on a different ground they doesn't like live together to depend on themselves .
I often think what my life in the future is like.
I think my life will be wonderful.
I will have a happy family, making me laugher.
All my families will love me very much.
So, I will be a fortunate person.
Ten years from now, I'll have a costly job that I want.
Being an English teacher is my dream, because teachers are of importance.
I'll get on well with my students.
So they will like asking me some questions for English programs.
I'll give right solutions to their problems in no time.
What's more, with my patience, they will get good grades.
With my dream to come true, I will become very pleased every day.
I hope my future will be as good as I think.
Nowdays, internet are more important in the daily lief.We can communcate with our friends on QQ,renren and MSN.And share our feeling on our blong.We can buy something on the internet,it save our time.
There are tow parts of the internet.One part,the internet to the benefit of our lief.Firstly,we may be made many friends on line.And we can gets some important things,like the news,the weather variations and so on.Secondly,we can buy clothes,shose,furniture,and so on.On line these things are very cheap.So the internet is good for our daily life.On the other part,there are disadvantage of the internet.
Like,it have many blight,such as blight webpage,the bad person.We can buy something on line,but went we couldn't choesen the better we should be cheat.And the internet have many games,these can make student become a bad students.
In my oppinion,the internet is gooa for us.It can save ouer time and make life easier for the population.Although,the internet have many blight,we can balance the good thing our the bad thing.I think the internet can give us a good lief.We can use it change our lief and developing our world.Even if it is very small,it has great energy.
I come to the ShanDong with my mother this vacation.
My mother took me to the mighty mountain tai when er boarded Mountain Tai peak,is already sunset sky.
Taishan mountain is one of the famous mountains in the world.
We slept in the top of hill.
Second day morning,my mother woke me when I was sleep.
At this time.
Some stars ware suffused I was very tired because yesterday I was so excited so I couldn't sleep will.
The sky in the East is becoming more and more red.
We hold our"s breath."Out!
"I shouted.
It was shocking.
What a nice vacation.
Education is the imparting and acquiring of knowledge and for that, there are teachers.
I think a good teacher is able to teach students and make them interested in whatever the teacher is teaching.
Because of that, Mr. Keating, to me, is not only a good teacher, but an excellent teacher.
In the school where Todd and Neil go, they believe that a way to produce a good student who is intelligent and disciplined is through strict rules and punishing.
Both Neil's dad and Mr. Nolan think this is the way to go.
Mr. Keating has very different ideas than those.
Mr. Keating taught his students poetry and at first, the students were not too interested but once Keating really got into it, they began to like it which is something that is hard for a teacher to do.
In their first class of poetry, they ripped out a page from their textbooks which I believe was a page on how to read and understand poetry.
The reason why they ripped out the page is because you cannot tell someone who to read and understand poetry.
This shows how Keating was a free thinker.
A free thinker is someone who is unrestricted to established views or teaching.
When Keating explained to the school that he was trying to teach them to be free thinkers, they said that they were not old enough or capable enough to be free thinkers, which is not the case.
At any age, it possible for you to be a free thinker and should be encouraged.
When you begin to challenge establishments, you sometimes are able to improve them which is how new ideas arise.
Mr. Keating also taught the students to explore and experiment.
This is why Neil decided to take up acting.
Exploring and experimenting is a good way of discovering what you want to do in life and is something every person needs to learn.
When someone is doing something that they love, it often takes away stress from other things.
Neil's father wanted Neil to be a doctor and he enrolled Neil in that school so that he could have a good foundation but Neil's passion was acting.
When Neil was told that he could no longer act it was like taking away a part of him, so he committed suicide.
I do not believe this was Keating's fault because even if Neil did eventually become a doctor, it would have not been something he wanted and he might have later done the same.
What Mr. Keating taught was very important for when the students grow older.
In the end, Mr. Keating was blamed for Neil's suicide and he was fired from teaching at that school.
It was a great sacrifice for him to give up his job for the students.
Even though it was no fault of his own, he accepted it.
One thing though that stood out and that shows me that he is an excellent teacher is how in the end, the students stayed loyal to him even though he was accused of being the cause of Neil's death.
That showed that not only was he their teacher, but he was also their friend.
Even though in Mr. Nolan's eyes, Mr. Keating was a bad teacher but in those few months I think they learned more from him then they did from a year of work in that school.
When I hace a different opinion,I will keep my opinion and check my opinion.If it is right I will listen to others point of view.And then compare the two opinions to find which is better.If I think my opinion is better,I will tell my opinion to my classmates so that they can get more ideas to choose.
It is easy to know the mean of "two heads are better than one".More people means more power.No matter how is my opinion,I will share it.
If it is a genius opinion,not only I will share it,but also I will persuade others.Face to the wrong way,we must say:no!
Above is my point of view.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our question was stay at home to study,watch TV or listening to music,use the Interent,help with housework and play sports.
The answers to these questions were interesting.
Forty percent of the students studying at home on weekends twenty-five percent of them spend time to watching TV or listening to music,and twenty percent using the Internet.
Although many students spend time to study,there is only ten percent of them help with housework,and only five percent of them play sports on weekends.
Although study is good for our grades,we need time to relax,because relax can make us study better.
It is good to relax by using the Interent or watching TV,but the best way to relax is through exercise,it is good for the mind and the body,so start exercises before it's too late.
As we can in the picture,a butcher has sold some meat to a woman,which the show us tat the butcher's meat with water sold out,and the woman with a flash 100yuan note used.
Why do the phenomenon appeared widely in society,here are some of  reasons.Almost all the merchants want to earn more and more money,people who bugs something wants to spend the least money.At the same time the dishonest people widely to see in society.If governments perform a low to forbid dishonest things to happen.
The society will be more harmony.
For export orders of the multinational corporation,a foreign language is a bond of communication with foreign partners which is pretty radical.
In order to mutual parties can be satisfied with the transaction, the staff of sales must attend the training.
And the training will be carried on the 26th, October.
I love my families including my mother,my father and my younger brother.Now I'd like to introduce my father to you.My father is tall in acquaintances ,but his height is just 1.68 meters.I feel my father is very thin because he stays up to work hard to bring up my brother and I. Especially,there is a little mole in the middle of my father's forehead.From the point of me,it's a fortunate for him in his life.
What's more , my father is a optimistic and very nice.Sometimes he is strict to my brother so that I'm a little afraid of him.As for hobbies,he just like watching TV series about war and fighting films and playing mah-jong on Spring Festival.
In fact, he is kind to my families and is expecting to my brother and me.
He is willing to supporting us materially and spiritually.
That there is one of the anecdotes left an deep inpression on me is he gave up working to go back to my senior high school as soon as knowing my foot was scalded by a pot of boiling water.At that time,on the one hand,I feel I would go to pieces because college entrance examination was approaching and it was just in one month .However,the bubble was so big that I couldn't wear the shoes.On the other hand ,there were so much apprehension about myself ,my family,my teacher ,my friend etc.
I thought I couldn't get through it.Therefore, it was particular times for me.
I was grateful that my father went back to accompany with my family for a month.
Now, when I recall those circumstances about my family members,it only leaves movement.
As my high school years were drawing to a close, I turned over and over again in my mind the question of whether I should go to college.
Go to college or step into the society will have different ways to the future.
Everyone has the right to chose his or her own way to success.
I chose to attend college because I have my reason.
Firstly,after twelve years study, I have learned a lot from my teachers and friends.
This kind of atmosphere is fit for me to study and grow much more healthy.
Eager for much more knowledge, I decide to attend college.
In college, students are high quality and study hard.
This can inspire me to work and encourage me to enlarge my knowledge.
Secondly, college can offer me a silent place to study.
Students who come to this place have the same target.
So we can work together for the future.
Thirdly, people here are from different districts.
We can learn a lot of cultures from different students and after a year's living in college, I think it's very interesting.
We can also make many friends so that we can work more easily when we step into the society.
Attending college is really a good choice in your way of life, you can have previously unimagined harvest.
It is so much news about"safe in school"these days.In my opinion,it is impossible to keep safe at school because it is impossible.We shouldn't do anything to keep safe.That's all.
Reading is an art,because if you want to read best,you should make your own silence make you immersed in the story,to understand the book content.
Reading can let us understand more unknown things,open up our horizons,following the social development trend.
Reading can let you forget the worry,a good way to relieve stress,take you into a spiritual baptism.
reading let us learn a lot ,make us beacome more mature ,better to enjoy life,understands life,learn to live.
I am very happy that you will come to China.Now l will tall you some farmous places.
Well the first place l suggest that you visit is the Great Wall.
the longest wall in the world.
which is said to be one of the wonders in the world.
lt has a history of more than twenty crnturies .lt is amazing to see such a huge wall was made entirely by hand.
The other place worth visiting is the Palace Museum .
Which was built in 1406 .
Twenty-four emperors oncelived there .
Form there the ruling emperors issued order .
You can learn a lot about Chiese history by visiting this Palace.
What a pity that you can not stay longer.
otherwisr, you could visit many other historic places and beautiful scence such as Summer Palace.
Success ,as the everlasting topic of human civility,of which the factors are heatedly discussed ,bring us incentive throughout the way we pursue it.
However, it's very hard to define one's success ;the standard differs.So I hope my standard of success can be constructive.
The key word of my success is beyond.As we all know ,the talent ,from which we inherited our parents ,essentially to our achievements ,is not equal.Thus we shan't define one's success by their final achievements, but progresses.If one makes progress and is in the way of being better than who him used to be ,albeit without outstanding accomplishments,he is among the most successful people.That's the way I define my success.
When it comes to the factors ,there exists three kernel factors of success--persistence,confidence and diligence.Persistence owns the priority over the other two ,because success is a process of accumulation .What's more ,confidence that provides motivation for going further and diligence that concrete our foundation are both necessary.If one can follow the three kernel factors and keep fighting ,I suppose, he can ultimately reach his own success.
At a time the tortoise and rabbit volunteer ran a new game, have exactly the identical way, staring point and destination.
First, the rabbit and tortoise at the same time departure, but the race is water, the decrease the speed of the rabbit.
The rabbit very angry, but the tortoise is very happy.
Then, the rabbit wants to decline the it, but it's objection null and void.
The last game is land.
So the race is water, the rabbit connection tortoise, but can't find it.
Finally, the game is over, and the tortoise won in the end.
The rabbit had a little disappointed, but it resists the angry.
Nowadays we all talk about being rich.Some people think that being rich means owning more money.On the contrary,some people believe that there is no direct relationships between having much money and being rich.
I agree with the latter.
It is known to all that health is the basics of our life.One who is always sick cannot live well even if he has a lot of money.
So i would like to say that money is important to riches while it is not the most important thing.
In fact there are so many meanings about being rich such as love,families and relatives.
There once a millionaire.He opened such a big company that he even did not know how much money he had.Obviosly,he was the happiest person in common people"s eyes.He also recieved a lot of respect from others.
However when he was interviewed in a tv,he did not feel so happy as common people felt.he said that he had little time for their children and because of that ,his children did not want to stay with him .Moreover,he had a unhappy marriage.Shotly speaking,he cannot feel the warmth of family.So money is just a paper ,it can bring nothing else to him.
I do not mean that having much money is a bad thing.
What i want to stress is that we all should keep a balance between money and other emotional things.
So you may not have much money,you can still being rich.
Money is not the necessity of being rich.
From my point of view,only we keep a balance between money and other daily things,can we lead a better life.
As Andrew H. Malcolm pointed out, my first memory of my father is his strength.
When I was young, I think my father knew everything and he could do all things, he was the core of my family and he supported our home.
When I was little, my father was very strict with me and I feared him very much.
For example, when I were in primary school, if I did't study hard or do some bad things, he will scold at me or hit me.
I still remember in an examination when I was in second grade, my Chinese got the last of my class because my composition was zero and when my father knew it after I came back to home, he gave me a hit.
And sometimes if I was too playful, he would throw away my toys.
However when I grow up, since I went to senior high school, my father began respect me and sometimes he will accept my advice.
And he has not hit me since then on, only scolding at me if I did something too bad.
Gradually I was not afraid of my father as before.
And I have quarreled with him several times when I was in high school, but now I feel very regretful about that.
Though my father is strict with me, he loves me very much.
My family wasn't rich, but my childhood is happy.
My father work hard every day in order to give my family more.
My father bought many snacks and toys for me when I was young.
Howevr he is very thrifty to himself.
For instance, when eating, he would give all the good food to my mother, my sister and me.
And he seldom ate the good food.
Everytime I ask him to eat more good food, he'll say many reasons such as the good food was not enough or there was much other food.
Every year my father will ask my mother to buy new clothes and shoes for my sister and me, but he seldom bought clothes for himself and many of his clothes were bargains.
The relationship between my father and me is special.
Though my father and I love each other and our relationship is very good.
The time we speak together is much less than my mother and me.
For example, now every Saturday night, I will call back home nearly 1 hour, but each time the chat between my father and me usually less than10 minutes.
But he will sit beside my mother hearing our chat all the time.
To be honest, one of the reasons that I selected this school was that I want to lighten my father's bear and let him live more relaxed.
When I went to this school my father was very happy, but he still works hard and be thrifty to himself.
Though I have told him many times asking him don't work too hard and treat himself better, he still works hard and he hope to give me more when I grow up.
Last summer when I came back to home I asked to buy shoes, he said I was a college student and I should wear something better, and he bought me a pair of shoes which is more than 400 yuan without hesitation, but he is still thrifty to himself as before.
That's my father, he devoted all of his life to our family and me.
He will be a great man in my heart forever.
My first trip went to the Beijing.
I was five years old at that time.
I went there by train .
The train is more fast than car.My parents took me to Beijing.
The reform of college entrance examination influences the English tests.Students can select the time and the number of times they want to take the exam.Compared with the current college entrance examination system,I don't think the new one is better.On the contrary,students can receive more precious experience in the current one.
The current system tells students that there is only one chance to get into a famous university.What it teachs us is that there are some vital affairs in our lives which may offer you only one chance,and you must make full use of it to achieve success.While the new system gives students several chances to enter the college,so we won't bear it in mind tighty that we should cherish every chance in life.
At the same time,the new exam system increases the students' burden.Although they can take sereval exams,the more they take,the more pressure they will suffer.When a student get a good mark in an exam,he may worry about whether he will still get a high grade in the next exam.On the other hand,when a student fail an exam,he may lose his confidence in the next exam.
What makes me feel the current system is better most is because it can find the bright students more easily.If everyone takes several examinations and takes the greatest one as their scores,the talents' marks may won't be outstanding among them.
I take the current college entrance examination in gratitude.It lets me experience a lot.However the other people's opinions are opposite from mine,I still prefer the current one.
I want to study English for different reasons.
As an international language , English plays an important role in our life.
English can help us communicate with others who come from different countries.
It is helpful for us to read English book to know more knowledge.In today's society , English became a recruitment requirements ,so we need to gain a high English level that the company require.To sum up, we should learn English .
Students' Union will hold an outdoor activity this weekend.I think you will curious about it and I want to invite you.
It gets warm recently and it's a good chance for us to go out and get close to nature.As we sitting at desk everyday,I think it's really important to take some exercise.
Now let me tell you some details about the activity.We will get together at the school gate at 7:30 on Sunday.It will start at 8:00 and end at11:00.We 'll take a walk to GuangMing Farm which is two kilometers far from our school.
During the three hours,you can enjoy the fun of planting vegatables,water flowers and so on.
We are all busy working or studying in our daily life.I'm sure it will be a good way to relax.I'm looking forward to your coming.Please write back to me soon.
With the development of society,the life of people become more and more rosy.The government came up with creating conservation-oriented society.So creating a conservation-oriented campus is exceedingly crucial.
Creating a conservation-oriented campus require students to save resources.Due to the students' waste the phenomenon is very severe.For example,firstly,we always can see an army of students remain much meal in the canteen.Secondly,we also always see some students don't light on.Finally, students throw rubbish here and there.
So far as,resources are short when we share them.So creating a conservation-oriented campus is essential.So we should call on a sea of people participating in the activity.In daily life,we should get into the habit of good.When we go out,should the light on,and so on.
In recent years, civil service exams become the popular topic that people are talking about.People are increasingly realized that the civil service is a very good job.People fall over each other want to become a civil service.
Civil service is working in government departments.This particular work determines the welfare and the retirement security of civil service are very good.However, the benefit is not everyone can get, because is not everyone can become civil service, and the civil service exams is very competitive.
I think to find a good job, not necessarily to become a civil service.I think the real good job is everyone you love, is suitable for everyone.The most important is everyone could be happy.And there is no need for the civil service exam to do what you cannot do.
Broadband Network has been going deep into the lives of social activities have a profound impact, network security has become more and more important result.
The urgent need for all sectors to engage in the work of information security of computer systems, senior technical personnel.
Master of the professional training of the installation of network equipment,management and maintenance, analysis and information systems enterprise network security vulnerabilities, network security issues resolved in a timely manner and in accordance with the operational characteristics of enterprises and institutions secure e-commerce design Administrative site.
Traffic accident, as one of the important social problems, has always been paid great attention.
Many people suffer from it and some of them even lose their lives.
The reasons of traffic accident are mainly from 3 aspects.
Partly, some avoidable environmental conditions like blind corners, narrow streets or heavy fog, always lead to accidents.
At the same time, mechanical failures, including faulty brakes and bald tyres may cause the disasters also.
Last but not least, it must be attributed to the driver itself.
Some people often drive in an excessive speed or drive after drunk, and sometimes run the red light.
Considering the seriousness of the traffic problem, it is high time for us to pay more attention to driving a car.
The drivers should enhance safety awareness and develop good driving manners.
This is the best way to reduce the accident tragedy.
Hello,everyone.
Today I'm going to talk something about the pictures and words.
Nowadays,there are many ways to learn different kinds of news,for example,the old read newspaper and watch television news while young people using their computers and mobile phones to search messages they need.
We can find both words and pictures there.
Some people think that pictures are much better than words as they can give us impressive feelings more directly.
But from my point of view, words and the pictures are both very important parts during the period we get the latest news from the media.
First of all, although pictures can tell us the whole scene,the words which are also needed can lead us to find more information through the pictures so that people like me who are always careless are able to learn more.
What's more,the words are more subjective.
It can tell you others' opinions that you cannot make up just from the pictures which are too objective.
However,it doesn't mean that the pictures are less important than the words.
While people are all very busy as they even don't have enough time to glance at the passages these days,pictures can tell things more quickly and easily.
It also helps us to feel the words about it.
So let's pay more attention to both the words and the pictures in our daily life because they can give us different impressions.
We can't live without words or pictures.
An increasing number of universities are undertaking some changes by giving their    students freedom to choose their own lecturers for some courses.
This practice, ever    since it comes out, has been very popular with students.
There are several factors influencing students' choice of the lecturers.
Firstly, an     ideal lecturer should have an interesting and humorous teaching style, so that students    can  learn their subjects in a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere.
Secondly, a diverse    academic  background is also preferred since a knowledgeable teacher can greatly enlarge    students'  scope of knowledge.
Last but not least, a teacher with an agreeable    personality is also  desirable to students.
This practice undoubtedly has lots of positive effects on the present college    education, as it can encourage students to take an active part in study and urges    teachers to improve their teaching quality.
However, it can inevitably bring some    negative effects.
For instance, some teachers may try to cater to the students' interest   to increase the popularity of their lessons, while ignoring the teaching plan, which may   lead to the opposite direction of high education quality.
Bob likes eating fish very much.
One day his wife bought a fish and took it home.
home in the evening, he found no fish at all.
And she gave Bob some bread for supper.
Bob was angry.
He took the cat and his wife to the shop nearby and weighed the cat.
Then he said to his wife, "It is one kilo and the fish is also one kilo.
The cat is here.
Confronted with the high pressure of life,we always short our cuts.We want to use less money so as to get more goods.So we collect all kinds of coupons and look for group-buy deals to meet our needs.But I do not think it will make us wise consumers.
First we always buy something that is unnecessary to use the coupons.Sometimes,the coupons are for some commodities that we are not really need, while we buy it just for the fact that they are cheap.Actually we don't use it ever.Second,although the commodities are cheaper than not using the coupons, the quality of commodities can not be promised.When we purchase it home,later, we will find those may be fake,or second-hand,such thing can be irritating.Even more we may also deceived by this coupons before we get it,as a result,we not only couldn't save money but could also not be a smart consumers.
When we buy the goods,saving money is not the only thing that we take into account.To be a smart consumer,we also need to think whether it is indispensable for us.
With the development of our study, teachers are related to students.
They teach students how to study and how to be a good person.
Teachers are very helpful.
They help us students solve the problems not only on study but also on life.
They treat us as their own children.
However, not all the students agree about these.
Normally, they are the students who do not like study.
They think they have no freedom at school.
They hate school, so they hate teachers.
When they fail in the examination, teachers may get angry.
So they may be afraid of teachers.
There must have some misunderstanding.
In my opinion, if a teacher is strick with you, it means you are concerned.
The teacher wants you to be better.
It is good for nobody except you.
This just like our parents.They may never say how good we are,but they do hope we could have a good life in the future.
So the only way you can do is to respect your teachers and study happily.
First, I'm honored to have this chance to be here to present myself.
My name is Y, and I'm from Z, a major city in T province.
The subject I learnt in my university is communication engineering, and I'm graduating last June from Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications.
And my major is computer technology now.
I prefer to do these things in my free time: listening to music, singing, surfing the Internet, and playing badminton.
I think, listening to music can relax my mood and make me feel calm or excited.
Surfing the Internet let me know about the latest affairs and news in the whole world, and I can watch movies and chat with my friends, it is very convenient.
Doing sports can make me healthier and more strong, and I like playing badminton with my friends, sometimes I will go hiking and climbing mountains, which are very funny and adventurous.
I want to be a teacher, and as is known to us all, teaching is a sacred position.
My parents are all teachers.
I am very proud of seeing their devotion to education career in their whole life, and I hope I also can have the honor to become a teacher five years later.
Silk makes indelible contribution to promote the world of human civilization's development as the emblem of Chinese ancient culture.
Chinese silk clothes are well-known as its excellent quality, fancy design and color and abundant cultural connotation.
Thousands of years ago, silk was delivered to the Europe along the Silk Road.
What it carried is not only the beautiful clothes and decoration but the orient resplendent ancient culture.
From then on, silk nearly becomes the emissary and the symbol of the orient culture.
Hello everybody!My name is Y.I am a 18 years old girl.I live in a beautiful city of X.I have a younger brother.
As far as I am concerned.I am a happy girl.I think friendly is so important.So I began to bring to bring up this character.As time goes by .I have many friends.My hobbies are listening to music and reading different books.I will do exercise in my spare time.It's so interesting for me.
My favorite subject is English.lt's more meaningful to learn English well.All in all we need to communicate with different persons.Especially Foreigner .
So we should learn English harder.I will keep trying and never give up.
With the time going by,and the winter holiday is coming.I am away on holiday until 1st of March.It lasts fifty days.It is so long that we have much time to do something,wich we like to.Nonethless,we can't forget to learn English.In my heart,learning English is useful and interesting,and we can know about the customs and the scenic sports of other states by learning it.So we need to be diligent and insistent.
It is said that creep before you walk.So we ought to make a plan for it.First, we can make a list of the things that we need to do every day accurately,such as reading the words and passages loudly in the morning,learning some good sentences by heart,writing weekly composition,and asking a friend to study together with you.So you can monitor each other.Then,I want to be an English education to practise my spoken English.Besides,I can earn some money for myself to buy a computer.At school,we speak English only in classes,and there are no time for us oto practise,so it is a good chance for us to improve our English.
I think if you follow the prescribed orders,and everyone can be goog at English.So we should make full use of our winter holiday to make progress in English,and make our holiday colourful and wonderful.
We were in the middle of dinner, when suddenly, the lights went off and back on 3 times.
The last time the lights came back on.
I saw a terrified face on my mother.
Then only a couple seconds later, dad left the house, saying:"I'm going to visit some friends now".
It wasn't until day 3 did dad come back, but he was talking in a strange language i never heard of.
We were in the middle of dineer, when suddenly the lights went off and on.
The first time I didn't care, but then it happened the 2nd time and then the 3rd time.
I was terrified, for the samething happened 3 days before my husband's father went crazy when I was a little girl.
He came back talking crazy, when he finally started to talk English, he was talking all about the space time and aliens.
Now, I fear the same has happened to my husband.
A week ago, I received a weird letter with instructions.
My dad told me this would happen, and made me promise to follow the instructions.
 days later, it happened.
I then found myself in an alien spaceship.
It felt like years they trapped me ther.
They told me not to worry, that for "Earthlings" it was only a couple days.
When I got home, I turned young again, and it surely did seem for only a couple days.
It seemed all normal until everyone told me they couldn't understand what I was saying.
I guess I was talking Alienish.
It's very useful to have a part-time job for students.But the part-time job cut both ways.
On the one hand,Part-time job can give us the additional cost of living.Good exercise their various aspects adility and function,convenient your better integrated into the society in the future.Function and increase their experience and experience,can cultivate the ability of communication and doing things.
On the other hand,relatively,especially the girls go out part-time.They easy to be deceived by society.College students less time.If them is no good distribution of the limited time,learn to be less than solid basis of knowledge,it is easy to waste studies.
The advantages and disadvantages of college students part-time is actually a pair of contradictions.No matter how part-time more need to be careful.
College students' starting their own career has become a common part of people's life.
For instance, some of the student open a shop with partners as soon as they graduate.
In addition, a recently survey about college graduates' employment shows, 40 percent of them choose to start their own career instead of working for others.
And many reasons contribute to this phenomenon.
TO begin with, it is harder to get a better job than the old days because the number of college graduate students are increasing year by year.
That is to say, the competition of employment is bigger now.
What is more, some of the student prefer working for themselves rather than working for others.
In other words, they are likely to be boss.
Besides, a government policy has been carried out to support college students' undertakings.
As far as I am concerned, college students' developing their own career is becoming a tendency.
On the one hand, it can help to decrease the unemployment rate.
On the other hand, it can also stimulate the economy development of our country.
In brief, college student' starting their own undertakings after graduation has a perspective future.
I often think what my life in the future is like.
I think my life will be perfect.
I will be twenty-six years old by then.
I will have my family, and family always very happy and our life will be filled with love.
I hope I will start an article of clothing store with is designed by me.
I'll make many friends and master.
In my free time,I'll get around the whole world with my best friends or my husband.
Sometime, I'll do some exercise such as running and swimming with my child.
In a word, my future life will come true and will get more better.
In our country ,there are a lot of students whose parents can not provide the cost for their daily school life.Therefor The ministry of education carried out an education loan system .Students can apply for a loan to the government during the university life.But when they begin to take part in the work, they must repay the loan .
However ,many impoverished students intentionally forget it after they graduated .They don't pay back the loan on time.Even though they have enough money to make it .
This is dishonest .
They hurt the school ,hurt the country ,hurt the people .
In my view , There is no a sound education and legal system is the crucial fact lead to the problem .
The government and school should take some measures to solve it .
For example ,the school don't give the Graduation certificate to the students until they pay back all the loan.
What's more, the bank can ask the company where the student works to get back the loan.
If they all pay back the loan, the country could help more students who need help, more talented person would work on the prosperity of our country.
Recently, our newspaper office has come up with a topic about 'Whether Middle School students can take mobile phones to school or not'.
And now, I'm going to tell you something about what I think.
On the one hand, the advantages are that students are able to contact with their parents through using mobile phones.
Besides, they can add students' interests by means of playing with them.
But on the other hand, playing mobile phones might interrupt teaching activities and have a deep influence on other students.
In addition, using them to call and send messages which is a waste of time and money.
The worst effect is that cheating in the exam does harm to all the students.
From my point of view, if students want to carry mobile phones to school, they should not use them at classes.
What's more, they are not allowed to play and cheat in exams.
Last but not least, mobiles are precious things so that they had better be taken care of.
Recently,this topic'' the government establish free libraries in each town'' has been brought into focus.
Different people have different opinions.
Some people think it should not establish free libraries, because they consider free libraries need spend a lot of money and a lot of manpower.
In my opinion, establishing free libraries is necessary in each town.
Several factors contribute to my standpoint.
Firstly, establishing free libraries can attract many people to read and can improve the cultural level of the whole people.
If free libraries are established by government, people of all ages would like to go to libraries and read some interesting books they like without any misgiving.
It contributes to people to improve themselves and develop their imagination.
What's more, it is convenient for us.
If we look for some information we need, it helps us to find useful information effectively.Secondly, it provides us a kind of entertainment, because there are vast variety of books.
Many people can chose reading to spend their weekend instead of doing some boring things.
As mentioned above, free libraries are important to us.
I assume that free libraries established in each town, our living standards will raise gradually.the society will become more peaceful.
There are many students like to sleep too long time in university,I think that is a very serious problem,they are wasting time on the bed.how to solve the problem ?I think the school should intensify running in the morning check dynamics, students should also participate in more activities so that we won't have time lie in.
My father is the one I love most in my life.He stands in my heart from past till now and possibly in the future .
Seen through the eyes of many other people,father seems to be a kind man ,easy to approach ,thoughtful ,and forgiving,always care about other people.It's no doubt that he won the respect of others wherever he went.
As to me ,father is a good teacher and friend of mine.He is a hard-working man and always tell me that :hard work is the only thing that will lead you toward to success.when I accomplish something unusual ,he show his happiness as well as pointing out my mistakes and shortcomings,then,provide some advice about what should I do next.he also turned out to be a good listener ,we always talk heart-to-heart in livingroom,he share my happiness,sorrow and my trouble.
I'm proud of you, my father,I'm proud of being a son of you.,I love you my father!
First of all, this essay introduces the background of the growing trade deficits and fast track in US.
In the second part, it mainly deals with the concrete facts with regard to the growing trade deficits and job losses.
What's more , it tells us how trade affects jobs.
In the third part, it states the job losses across the United States, especially within manufacturing industries, which experienced the worst.
In the last part, the author concludes several causes of the rising trade deficits, such as the sustained and substantial appreciation of the US dollar and devaluation of foreign currencies, the creation of the WTO and NAFTA, which were fatally flawed .Thus, existing trade agreements should be repaired and rebuilt before moving ahead with another round of trade deals.
Now we are entering a brand era,and great changes have taken in our daily life.In ancient wirting letters is a sole way to contact with others while recently we can use it to contact at any time.That is the reason why it becomes more and more popular on daily life.
However,everything divides into two.Although mobile phones can make our life more convenient and reduce the distance between people.Oppositely,it also have negative influence in our life.On the one hand,using mobile phones frequently will do harm to our health,like myopia etc.On the other hand,with the technological development,mobile phones have many foundations.We can use it to play games,communicate online and so on,which spend our too much time to concern people around us.Besides,it can cause much noise when the sound of a phones is ringing during a business meeting.
In a word, we should use mobile phones reasonable to keep healthy.
As you know,I was invited to go to China as the messager between Canada and China during the Spring Festival.I lived in my Chinese friend's home and play together.
During these days I studied with my friends that come from China and talked with them and we also did lots of sports.It was happy for me to visit the snece of Beijing and watch Peking Opera.By the way , Chinese food were delicious!I can not forget them , espiecially jiaozi is my favourite food.My friends told me lots of history of the China.
With the development of society,there are more and more people who beg on the streets.For this phenomenon,I disagree with it.I have some reasons to support my point.
First and foremost,some of those beggars are cheaters,they just make use of the people's sympathy to get money without going to work.If we take money to them,there will be more and more beggars on every coner of the street.The other reason is that everyone have hands,so they can rely on their own hands to make money rather than beg on the streets.Making money by themselves is the long-term solution to solve the problem of food and clothing.Last but not least,for those who are old or weak, ill or disabled,I think the government can take good measures to deal with those problems.
In my opinion,I think we should help others,but we should choose a better way which can solve the problem completely rather than give them money.These are my views on this phenomenon.
There is an old saying that the early bird catches the worm.
It means that the more you give out, the more you'll receive.
Someone may say that some triumphant people could easily arrive their goals without too much effort.
However,my opinion was actually opposite.
THe reason why many renowned people would make achievements was that they were hardworking but not owing to their intelligence.
For example, the greatest inventor Edison used to fail in his experiments again and again but never had he given up.
As to me, I used to be incapable in athletics.
In order to strengthen my body quality ,I took pleasurable advantage of my spare time to exercise.
Despite the fact that the process was tough, eventually ,I succeeded in making my body more healthier.
It was just a sample of myself.
Nevertheless no sooner had I trained than I overcame my laziness in terms of hard work.
So It's time for you to catch the worm even though you are competent.
When it comes to college life,we can't ignore this fact.That on campus we can see some not good phenomenon widespread which do harm to their health.Typical examples are followed,some of them stay up too late which easily resulting in waking up late even skipping classes.Others consume too much money in an inappropriate way.Besides many are tended to be addicted to computer games and so.
It can be noticed that the majority has a good learning of the negative impacts.In the first place,they have difficulty in focusing on lessons about what teachers said in the daytime.In addition,they are likely to neglect their studies and drop out.They gradually become physical or mental ill-being.Even worse,they may embark on the crimes.
Therefore,we just can not leave youngsters alone,or they are likely to be influenced by unhealthy tendencies.It's high time that the college students should take effective methods to get rid of unhealthy habits and live a colorful life.It is advisable that college students themselves ought to strengthen the awareness to lead a healthy life.Furthermore,they ought to gather the courage to participate in outdoor activities and go to interesting and meaningful clubs.Last but not lest,students themselves should control their lives in an appropriate way to maintain a balance between playing and studying instead of yielding to the temptation.Only in this way,can they make a change and lead a meaningful and wonderful life on campus.
There is a general awareness that smoking is harmful and would lead to cancer.Whether smoking should be banned in China has aroused a heated controversy.The Chinese government has passed the law to ban the smokers that they can't smoking in public.However,since the law entered,the disagreement hasn't stopped,we can still see many smokers are smoking.
The smokers argue that the government shouldn't interfere their smoking right.On the contrary,many other people insist that smoking should be banned in China.First of all,they are not willing to breathe the second-hand smoke,because in public,the gas would be always filled with the smoke,it is evident that the air will hurt their body.Secondly,they consider that smoking is not only harmful to the body,but also wastes considerably money.They spend the money in harming themselves.But to be honest,planting tobacco provides many jobs for persons,from now on,if nobody wants to buy cigarettes,many workers will meet the pressure of hunting for a job,and many more social problems will be created.
In my point of view,quitting smoking is so tough that although many people know it's harm but they can't refuse to smoke again.The law would perform practically no functions like the condition going on.So,in order to put the ban into practice,the government should strengthen the administration of smoking in public,and all of us should obey the law to create a better and healthier society.
If I were the mayor of Guangzhou City, I will turn Guangzhou into a clean and safe city.
First of all, I will manage the traffic problem.
We often blocked the great city.
If I were the mayor of Guangzhou, I will take the highway is divided into three layers, a layer beneath the ground, an air layer, layer, the ground is in the community to drive, the ground is a long journey, the air is the distance of less than one thousand kilometers.
In the air, before departure, must be on both sides of the vehicle mounted on the magnet, the car has a like navigation things, as long as the input you want to go in one thousand kilometers place, can arrive at once.
When the city become more and more beautiful that we should notic problem .
Noise pollution make us doesn't know how to deal with.
the transportation vioce is full of our life.
I think it is most importent things to deal with nose pollution in the city where I live.
As far as I'm concerd the noise pollution is harmful our life .It can be make us upset and lose heart to do everything .because of we hate it.
we must be go to school as a student.
The adult must be go to thrie work.
thus , If we have a good sleep we can do everything better.so to making noise far away form us are different.I think our government should carry out some rude to take over noise.
I hope our city become more and more beautiful by our efferts in the future.
What known to us all is that computers are a part of our life.But it do not means that we must use computer to do anything.So what I want to stree here is that now more and more people rely too much on computer.
Of course we have to admit that internet is very comvenient and quickly.But it also has many preblems like that it will make us becoming lazy and sometimes it will make us becoming irritable.
As far as I am consider,I think chat to friends face to face are better than on computer because I can see him and feel his morales.So I just use computer to do office work.In serieuos for me ,I do not like to rely too much on computer.
I am a man.I can do the works by myself.
Nowadays, traffic incidents have become more and more serious, which also lead to more and more people get injured and even be killed, there are some causes.
For one thing, drivers may make traffic incident, because sometimes driver whoever drinks too much alcohol does wrong reaction on driving, which makes a traffic accident.
In addition, some drivers drive so fast that it is too late for them to put on the brakes.
For another, pedestrians error may result from traffic incident.
Sometimes, they violate the traffic regulations in a hurry, thus they may get injured or be killed by cars.
Those are crucial causes which leave some serious traffic tragedies.
Nowadays,with the development of technique and science,person's life improve obviously and quickly.So almost every family has their nongovernmental car.In order to rescue time or become convenience,people wouldn't like to go to work by foot.More and more young people are used to driving a car or taking a taxi.So the traffic jam become more and more severe.
From my point of view,the traffic jam is a very essential problem to resolve.In reality,the traffic jam takes a serious affect.For example,ambulances can't get across quickly,as we all realize,the speed of ambulance meas the hope of life.Also,social efficiency will be down.
So,the government should solve this problem timely.In my opinion,control vehicle and it is very important to strengthen traffic management.
Recently,the fact that some college students form some unhealthy habits has become a hot topic among people,especially among the college.
Some students put themselves under games.Some won't go to sleep until night.Some choose excessive consumption to satisfy their desire,and so forth.As far as I am concerned,what they do,not only impact their mental state,but also have a bad effect on health.
So in order to lead a better life,they must make a chang as fast as they can.Here are some suggestions might help them.In the first place,they should realize what they want to harvest during the college period.Forthermore,set a goal to push themselves to go ahead.Then,try their best to change the unhealthy habits.As the old saying goes,"Where there is a will,there is a way".The more we do,the better we will be.
The national day holiday is coming.
Most people are very happy.
They plan to go home or go on trips .
They don't want to stay at school.
Except summer holiday and winter holiday,the national day holiday is the longest.SoThey want to use the seven days to have a rest and enjoy their selves completely.
There are also some people choosing to stay at school.
They plan to study or do a part-time job in the holiday.
They can also go on trips around Nanjing and find their friends to play together .
They think seven days goes fast, besides it is a waste of time and money, so they plan to stay at school.
As far as I am concerned,I plan to stay at school .I want to do a part-time job and play in the last two days.
I think do a part-time job can improve our ability,especially to we college students.
Of course, we should not work all the time , we should have a rest appropriately.
Hello, I am your guide, Kelly.
We are here at the Olympic Park's center, goanna to sightsee a famous building, the Birds Nest, which's official name is the "National Stadium".
If you looked at it distantly, you'd find that its shape really likes a bird nest.
The Birds Nest's structure is mainly composed of marvelous portal frames, a total of 24-Trusses, 20 was now completed the entire truss and two-under-loading, and was designed by Xinggang Li, Pierrede Meuron and Jacque Sherzog.
The Birds Nest was completely finished by September 17th, 2006, the Birds Nest high 69 meters and its square footage is about 21 hectares.
Inside, it has about 91000 pews.
On the fourth layer, there are also 140 compartments which are comfortable.
The first activity was host, which was the biggest one, was the 2008 Olympic Games.
After then, was the amazing Air&Style which was conducted in 2011.
Wang Feng's concert was also held there.
Resently, many students think that the English-spelling is not important any more when learning English.
Therefore, we have many difficulties in learning English.
For example, we can't remember the new words when learning English.
It contributes to the vocabulary-shortage.
First, as we can know, one factor is that we always pay more attention to the methods which we used to do homework when learning English.Secondly, most learners only learn English to earn credits, so they not take English-spelling seriously.
Third, some English learners have no money to buy the English-spelling exercise book.
As a result of these, we regard English-spelling as a method that not useful for us to learn English.
In order to change this condition, I think measures should be taken to emphasize the importance of English-spelling.
For instance, we can pay more attention to English-spelling when remembering English words.
Besides, teachers can lead students to learn English by spelling English words.
And we can also due attention to English-spelling by playing games.
"Share" is a cozy word.
We can share many wonderful things with our parents, friends, even strangers.
It's not only sharing things but also sharing love.
I shared a dark experience with my friend.
That day my father angry with me.I was so sad.
So I chated with my friend , and share my feeling with her.
She was very heart warming , and she help me get out of dark.
I feeled so warm.
I shared my heart with her,and she returned love to me.
I was so glad that I had a good friend.
If you share something with others, you 'll receive more.
It's a happy and cozy thing.
Recently,Blog is very widely used among people,it plays an important role of communication and personal emotional expression in people's daily life.
With the fast development of the world,people live in a quick fix society,and have a lifestyle in a fast lane,the ways of communication among people have changed.For example,the Blog,shorted for Web log,has appeared.Now,Blog is popular with a number of people,and I think the reasons are as following.
First of all,bloggers can record what they see,what they think and what they feel by using Blog,just like the diary,but compared with the diary,Blog can protect the secrets of bloggers better.Secondly, bloggers can express the emotions through the Blog,to show the happiness or sadness.Thirdly,the celebrities also have the Blog,and bloggers can learn about some information of celebrities whom they are interested in through Blog.Finally,with Blog,bloggers can make friends with lots of other bloggers who have the same interests with them.
However,every coin has two sides,Blog also has some disadvantages.Firstly,in order to improve attention,some bloggers will write some dishonest,unhealthy information in the Blog.Secondly,the opinions in the Blog is just personal,some bloggers believe the information from the Blog easily,it has the bad influence among people,many rumors are produced like that.
In short,Blog brings us many benefits,but we should use it carefully.
With the gradual development of society, people more and more important to find a job for degree, and think a degree to prove one's ability.Of course,the view is right,but I am not totally agree.In my opinion,a pice of paper cannot proved personal capacity.A person's ability is not some so-called diploma can prove all.
On the one hand,Even if social progress very fast, but not everyone have the chance to accept university and other higher education, there are many people did not have a college degree,But this part of the people there will be other skills, not just confined to study test research.They maybe can create a new space.On the other hand,theory of current employment environment, apart of education, experience is also becoming more and more important.Even with a highly educated but no working experience to reality.
On the whole,education is important, but it is not entirely useful, there is always some other external factors, such as experience.
So to know moer knowledge more better.
The west country which I want to go is Switzerland.It's a developed country in the west.
Switzerland is situated in the middle of the European.With a population of 7500000,it's over 4.1 million square kilometers.Berne is the caption of the country while Geneva is another famous city in it.Among Switzerland,there are some famous cities,such as Austria,France,Italy and German.Switzerland is knownas the"World Garden" for its scenery.It's one of the most beautiful cities in the world.The city is also famous for its watches,science,food and industry.
In a word,Switzerland is a city which I encourage you to visit.
The problem of tourism has caused wide public concern over the recent years.
Recently, a survey has been conducted, aiming at whether we should limit the development of tourism.
Some people hold the belief that the development of tourism contributes directly to the economic growth of the local areas.
Besides, it is a great opportunity for tourists to relax themselves and have fun while traveling.
However, on the other hand, other people think more of its disadvantages.
They point out that the cultural relics will suffer from increasingly serious damage as the number of tourists increases.
People fail to see that it may bring about a disastrous impact on our environment and local history.
As for me, I'm firmly convinced that proper measures must be taken to limit the number of tourists and the great efforts should be made to protect the local environment and history from the harmful effects of tourism.
Only in this way can we solve the problem.
As well as we known, the national-day holiday is an important festival in the our life.
National day is one of the most important holiday in our country, and this day is the longest holiday in law.
In the meanwhile, it stand for have 7days long holiday.
In the holiday, I think many people decided to go to travel, for example Da lian ,Qing dao.
besides,more and more people prefer to stay home with family rather than go travel.
In my holiday I spent 5 days do some parttime work, Although it was very tired ,but in my opinon it valued for me.not only learn some social experience.
but aiso challenge for me.
I think The holiday is benefit for me, I feel wonderfui ..
One day last week,my father and my mother visited my grandparents.
I cannot go there whit my parents,because I must go to school.
I stayed at home alone.
In the morning,I got up early.
When after school I was cooked dinner for myself.
Although no mother and father to do good but also good.
I did my homework fast.
After I was play computer.
Then I sleep on time.
My English is so pro,but I like speak chinese english,I can speak PUTONGHUA,My chinese is very good,there are many chinese grammer in it,I can speak it smooth.even my english is bad,but i can say chinese very good,I have ever speak chinese with a foreign person,I teach her chinese and she teach me english.
is filled with books.
It is the space where I release from books , I am free to make any choice to go forward to my destination .To a large extent, what the college is shapes what my future is.
College has affected my life ,especially on the aspect of my mind, the consciousness of independence and responsibility.
Far away from home, I have to be independent on everything.
On the one hand, I have to deal with my living problems independently, my food , my clothes, my health, etc.
On the other hand , the more important hand, I must be independent to plan my whole life based on knowing myself.
I can take an example by others, but I should know clearly who I am, what I want and how I get it .
There is nobody that will always supervise me so that I have to keep myself away from any seduction to focus on my own studying.
More than that , I do not study for study, but for studying to develop my awareness of investigating problems' causes, solving problems and reconsidering problem, to master more skills.
What I study is prepared for my destination.
For example , I hope to be a public service after graduation, so I have to read some resource about the public service exams ,at the same time , I also have to be more confident to deal better with the interview.
As for responsibility, I remembered that my teacher had told me that responsibility is very important to a man.
In the college, I gradually gain deep sight into this word , responsibility.
During the college life, we have more communication with other people about many things.
I should be responsible for my words and my action.
Furthermore, I should be conscious of taking the responsibility for my future.
What's more, there has been an increasing awareness that many decisions I make would influence not only myself ,but also my family and people surrounding me.
In a word, college has affected my life to make me more mature .
Everyone has an unforgettable thing in winter holiday.Let me tell you something about my unforgettable thing.
Before the yesterday,i read a bookcalled "The adeventure of Tom sawyer".I think it is a fantastic book.
It is also one of my favourite great book.The story is set in the town of stpetersburg, Missouri,in the US,in the nineteenth century.
Tom the hero of the book,lives with his aunt Polly.He is alively and clever boy.he does not like people telling him what to do,so he always get into trouble.He and his best friend,Huck Finn,run away to an island in the middle of the Mississippi River.Tom has more trouble because a bad man named Injun Joe.Joe is looking for him later,Tom escapes from a cave with another friend,Becky.He also finds Injun Joe's Treasure box and takes it away.
It tells how young people grow how people love each other and how bad people pay for their actions.It makes me unforgettable.
In college,library acts an important role in student's life, as the popularity of the mobile phone.
Using the mobile phone becoming a serious problem in the library.
Therefore, many students have an ordinary idea that we should restrict mobile phone in the library.
As we know, people for the most part go to the library to know more knowledge by reading.
So, everyone who goes to library is supposed to be silent and keep a quiet environment.
Using the mobile phone break up the silent.
There is no doubt that this behavior will have bad effect.
On the one hand, students who use it can disturb others and make bad influence in the study.On the other hand, it also has no good effect on yourself and stop your plan.
In my opinion, It's necessary to restrict the mobile phone in the library.
At least, people who like using mobile phone in the library should keep their mobile phone silent.
It's good for others and you,I believe.
The answer is definitely yes.
He and your friendship is very deep, your love is never forgotten, this is.
In friendship and very deep, like their brothers and sisters the same, the two get along, you can not see the phenomenon of mutual suspicion, distrust can not see, people do not see the whole phenomenon can not see to a practical joke.
A pair of genuine and intimate friends, I see a strong friendship with each other, meticulous care, considerate; very trust each other, and certain aspects of the resonance.
Done something wrong does not care about each other, he will sincerely forgive you.
They have good things, the first thought is to share with each other out, rather than trying to hide their own petty pocketed.
Friendship and this thing, how do you to him, how he was to you.
You with him through thick and thin, he will with you through thick and thin.
You help him share those concerns, he will help you share those concerns, this is the real friendship.
Always thinking about each other's position, but can not be too polite, this is a degree.
Did not achieve this degree, he will think you are indifferent to him; after this degree, so every time he would like to trouble you, contacts and thin, and this is often made the mistake a lot of people, extremes meet.
In short, treat a friend to be honest, can not say if true, can not say flattering words, words can not say that harm others, people can not say annoying, these are the focus of friends.
You hope you speak the truth, friends hope you speak the truth.
Do not ask a friend, first ask yourself.
You can put forward their views, but can not make friends embarrassing.
These things are all friends, see friends, with special emphasis.
If we agree that the function of education is to prepare us for life, then there is very little time to waste.
So, while we can, we ought to concentrate on teaching children something really useful.
There is what our schools should teach.
Politeness is a mark of civilization.
The sooner children learn this, the better.
In any case, a lot can be accomplished by a smile and good manners.
Like it or not, our adult lives will be consumed by the struggle for money, but we don't make an effort to teach children how to manage it.
So our schools have a duty to teach them this ability from the beginning.
We're likely to accept something we are told, but that's not what educated do.
Educated people are reasonable and they look at facts.
If our schools teach nothing else, they should teach critical thinking at least.
Children should learn to take care of their health.
They should know that if they eat junk food, they will become fat and unhealthy.
They should be very clear about what happens to their bodies when they drink or smoke.
All of us are part of society.
We have rights and responsibilities.
We ought to understand what they are.
We have to know a little of history and geography, because we need to have an environment in which to relate to the people around us.
We can't.
But that's not a reason to avoid teaching what is important.
As the proverb says.
Where there is a dream there is a way,From my point of view,The dream is to us what water is to fish.
When I was a child I have a lofty ideals,I tend to be a teacher,because I think teacher is the best occupation and teacher is the engineer of the human soul.From then on,I always try my best to study hard to realize my dream.Maybe my achievement is not good,But I never give it up,I am sure that I can realize my dream with my efforts.
Therefore I will spare no effort to study and I will hold my dream,follow my heart,no matter what.
In my opinion,go to university is beneficial for us.
Today many teenagers go to college.Nomatter how their aim to what, but they have a same goal,such as get many knowledge and want to be useful people for ourself or society.Up to now,college student already all over the world, if you have never get university education,you can not to live in the future.In the past, only the rich and privileged had the opportunity to attend a university and their goals were very different.
In china,have one words "knowledge can change the word".The world has changed a great deal since universities were established.So i think .get university education is very useful.
Date back to May 1st 2014,I went to Neimenggu to plant trees with my father.It was the second time that I took part in the significative activities with him.Through this activity,I learned a lot from it.
This activity was held by Japanese.Chinese students and Japanese volunteers formed a group to join it.Desert climate was very bad so plant trees here was very difficult.To my surprised,there were a lot of trees standing here like a desert guardian.The guide told us that several years ago,a Japanese called Yuan Shanzhengying adhere to plant trees here more than ten years like one day.His team have made such a great cause.We need to continue their spirit.
The guide taught Chinese students the way to plant tree.Because of the heavy wind in winter,we must dig a hole as one meter deep.For me,it was hard.The sun shone on the earth like a ball of fire burning.Although there had some wind,but I felt sweat down the neck down,I had to wear the long sleeve and sunglasses in order to protect my skin and eyes.My father also accepted this task.As a man,he planted faster than me.But he didn't help me.When I told him I was so tired,he always ask me to try my best and never give up.The Jepanese's efficiency were very high and they enjoyed it.They thought a variety of a tree, as much a minute for glory.I guess I was influenced by them,I did as much as I could.
Now I can proudly tell that experience.From then on I wasn't afraid of difficult courage and stick to it.This activity was an important lesson for me,I really realized that I grew up and I can contribute my force.
People have different opinions about setting off fireworks.
Some people believe that it is a good thing to let off firecrackers, and it is Chinese tradition.
Moreover,Chinses people setting off fireworks to celebrate Spring Festival.
It can add much to the festival atmosphere.
Besides,The beautiful fireworks made people happy.
However,other people take an opposite side.
They firmly believe that setting off fireworks is a bad phenomenon.
To begin with,setting off fireworks will waste resource.
What is more, it will cause environment pollution and noise pollution.
In addition, some children are seriously hurt.
As for me, I agree to the later idea.
I wish people have a peaceful New Year.
All in all, firecrackers should be banned.
I'm L.I come from S District, C City.
As far as I'm concerned, my life here is wonderful because I've learned 4 years in my senior high school.
Last year, I was admitted by harbin Institute of Technology.
However, I chose to study one more year.
I admit I'm not a courageous girl.
I'm afraid of growing up as well as being away from my parents.
Now, here I am.
I realize it's time to grow up, face to challenge and alternative by myself.
As a native girl, I have to adapt to little change.
Compared with senior high school, here are more freedom and happiness because I can do what I'm really interested in, though I still should study hard.
Nevertheless, when I have to be alone, I don't know if it's a sense of lonely.
I can't help missing my parents and friends.
Sometimes, it appears that I am very happy, but I know it's not real me, I just want to make some change to protect myself.
I like here, like my home town.
I don't want to waste my youth.
I'm eager to be a translator or a teacher in the further.Now here I am.
I hope I can study hard and be happy here.
Now more and more university students like pursuit of famous brands.
Because they think the famous brands it is very cool.
Some students think this is a sign of wealth, so they used famous brands to show off wealth.
About this, many people have opposite opinions.
on many families.
Next, most of the energy spent on dress, may influence study.
the bad habit about spend a lot of money.
As far as I am concerned, I also oppose the pursuit of brand of university students.
In today's society, university ought to based on work hard to make progress, improve yourself to repay the society.
In recent years, an increasingly number of people are concerned about the way of life and health.
Not only good lifestyle is essential to good health.
But also it is a necessary condition of physical health and mental health.
There is no denying that lifestyle and health does reflect a common phenomenon in our daily life.
In modern society, people are increasingly choosing to adopt a sedentary lifestyle.
Everything they do is a way of sitting, they almost do not exercise, so that people lack physical exercise, then facing health problems, which lead to experiencing obesity and mental illness.
The sedentary lifestyle is not conducive to the physical and mental health.
Health lifestyle, such as doing exercise, participating in various activities, will improve physical fitness, and enhance mental health.
Considering the great harm brought by unhealthy lifestyle, I think it is high time that we took effective measures to prevent the sedentary habits on people' s health, To begin with, people must have enough sleep to ensure that they can regain energy and physical strength.
Next, people should have a rational diet prescribed by a doctor in order to avoid the diseases caused by malnutrition or super-nutrition.
Last but not the least, people should regularly do some exercise to keep healthy, they can go for a jog, walk instead of driving, join the heath club, or join an athletic squad.
Only when these above-mentioned steps are carried out can we succeed in solving the problem, and our minds as well as our bodies can keep us well-being, and be happier and more productive in all aspects of life.
It is time that we urged an immediate end to the undesirable tendency of a sedentary lifestyle.
We have actively advocated people need to get exercise by whatever means possible.
We keep in mind: doing exercise of an hour in a day, so that working healthy for 50 years, living the happy life for life.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.Let me tell you something about it.
Some of them think it necessary to go online frequently.Because we can get knowledges from it.Our minds can be broadened by going online.What's more,we can communicate and share our ideas with our friends.Most of all,we can relax ourselves.
But one coin has two sids.In the other hand,some of them consider the Internet as a useless one.They think it does harm to our eyes when we go online.And we will abandon ourselves to chat and play computer games.It wastes too much time and energy.
In my opinion,the Internet can help us with our studies.We can get online some times in our free time.But we shouldn't get online too frequently,it will delay our studies.
As is clearly demonstrated in the chart, on the rise of gold prices between 1970 and 2012.
Especially, the gold prices fast grow between 2009 and 2012.
The gold prices below $50 per oz in 1970.
However, the gold prices rises to $1000 per oz in 2009.
What's more, the gold prices up to $1800 per oz in 2012.
Firstly, the world economy has an effect on the gold price.
The world economy grows and the gold prices go up.
Secondly, depreciation of the US Dollar and the gold prices advance.
Finally, the gold's demand and supply, oil price and so on.
In view of what is discussed above, the rise of gold prices have many reasons since 1970.
The gold prices is fairly sensitive.
Only one factor would also impact it.
spring Festival is the most important festival in China,which is greatly celebrated among the Chinese.For example,almost everyone in China is allowed to take a few days off spending time with their family.Speak of family,family have great influence on the Chinese.Family are alaways on our mind.
We are in an industirallized society,is a modern society.
The diversification of transport, aircraft, motor car, train, ship, and so on.
Communication tools such as the internet, mobile phonea.
These all affect our lives.
Now our family modern everywhere.
modern kitchen facilities, fridge, cooker, microware, washing machine, water heater use.
Our entertainment becomes more interesting bacause the existence of the computer and TV.
Modernization of family life to make our life more colorful.
The tv, the computer allows us to see all kinds of things, improve our understanding of the world.
At the same time, the modern household appliances can facilitate our lives, to reduce the amount of labor, a variety of modern transport can shorten the travel time,and to make our tirp more comfortable.
Moden life will bring some bad effects.
Such as the use of certain tools will pollute the environment, and even damage to the environment.
In addition to these modern tools are by power, but also increased their threat to the satety of our lives.
It is widely acknowledged that take part in various outdoor activities is of great magnitude , which is both beneficial and essential for both individual development and character growth.
Recently, nobody could have failed to notice the phenomenon that the square dancing is becoming more and more popular.Consequently, it has aroused heated discussion among public that whether it is appropriate to practice square dancing in the public area.In my own perspective,we should cope with the square dancing in a reasonable way and on the condition that don't bother other's activities.
Some people hold the opinion that it is not a big deal to practice square dancing in the public.
Firstly,they think it corresponds their right they can participate in any activities freely.
In addition, it is good for their health by this activities and further more,it can make a harmonious society and promote the fork music's development.Besides, they take it for granted that it is beneficial to anyone in that it can everyone relieve stress and devote their passion and enthusiasm their causes efficiently.
Most importantly, almost of them are retired worker,they act it as entertainment in their free time in that they think their time is so boring.
Others support the opinion that it is not appropriate to practice square dancing in the public.Although it is their right that they can join in any activities,they should take other's feeling into consideration.when they are practicing square dancing in public, maybe someone just sleeping , studying and so on.It is not a good method to practice this in anywhere and anytime.
Everyone has their own life, we should better obey to the social morality.In addition,when practicing this, the sound are too loud to make people do their work normally, even make someone sick,which is due to the long time of square dancing music.
As far as i an concerned, to deal with this phenomenon,we should take a reasonable attitudes.Square dancing's development is a good thing to some extent,but we should advantage it in a environmental and beneficial way.Some people take some measures to inhibit it in extremely way ,it is obvious that it is not a sensible and good way to cope with it.It is time for us to take measures to avoid this trend.Firstly,dancer should choose reasonable time and place to practice dance in order to not influence others normal activities.In other words,they can make their voice lower to use it better.Secondly, passers-by should adopt a sensible attitudes to this.Injuring is not a good way to solve problem.Besides ,the goverment can provide someplace to dancer, only in this way can this public activity more legally and have a bright future.
Nowadays,the blind-date show is becoming more popular whenever we turn on TV,those incredible scenes of blind-date shows would pop up on the screen.This type of entertainment program is intensely popular, especially among young adults.Why is that?
Audiences like the programs because they're honest.
First,the rapid development of chinese economy and the growing gap between rich and poor people's lifestyle,,the busy fast-food life is a large number of young people,high education cost and other economic pressure make young people feel hard to fall in love and get married.So such programs create a stage for them to know each other fast.
Second,Television dating shows the development of the times, in the time of broadcast by the audience's attention, has created a very high ratings, the media became the topic of conversation.
Finally,Television dating program shave very strong attraction and becomes a media object hot comments.
shows.
of the guests' identities are artificial.
misleading effects can be disastrous.
I think that parrots make the best pets.There are lots of reasons for this.
First,they can live for up to 50 years,so they can be with you for a long time .
Besides,they respond you spirits easily.For example,they will make you happy and bring you a lot of fun.
What'more,they are really smart.The reason why I say they are smart because they can speak.Most of us think it is magic.
Finally,we can learn responsibility from keeping parrots.We have to feed them,play with them and take good care of them.This helps us become more responsibility.
It is really great for you to keep a parrot.It can bring you a lot of happiness.
SO I think it's a good idea to keep a pet parrot.
There are more and more teenagers to start smoking.In that teenager have excessive pressure,they intend to smoke to relieve stress.They have more homework to do,and they tend to have a good grades.Nonetheless smoke is harmful for our health.It's not only less impressive for smokers,but also unfavorable for others.As far as I am concerned,smoking is extremely dreadful thing.Now governments have banned smoking in school.That's a good idea for who isn't smoking.As we know,smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment.Smoking contribute to many diseases,such as lung cancer and pneumonia.Cigarette smokers to non-smokers outweigh harms.Passive smokers than smokers are more likely to get sick.In schools,the harm smoking is greater.The cigarette via the release of harmful gases into the air to pollute the environment.Then more smokers waste much money because of buy cigarette.
If one intends to smoke,I think he should smoke in private,not in the public places.For example, school.If smokers can quit smoking,this is how good thing.Nevertheless who can do it?In fact,smokers still have the freedom of smoking.So smokers had better give up smoking,it will be beneficial to all of us.
Recently,a survey conductded by professor Bron,concludes that graduate students are dependent on mobile phone and textmessaging ,in the belief that they can reach other people instantly .However ,what afflicts them is that they can be reached by others,too.This remark seems contradictory,but it is no doubt that there is an element of truth in this idea.
The application of high-tech in social life ,makes it possible to communicate with each other immediately.Yet we must admit that ,to some degrees ,it will weaken our relations with relatives and friends ,in that we just keep touch with them by phoning without expressing our personal emotions face to face .In addition ,we have less privacy .Imagine that if a person know every detail about you at any time and any place,it is scared you .You just can not escape from it .
Considering all these basic facts,we should be aware its advantage and disadvantage.The entire society should work on it together.Government should make regulations about its use correctly.What is more ,teachers should give students advices and guide them ,which can bring benefits to them .Only in this way can we make the best of it in an appropriate way.
What most important is that we are able to combine it with social life perfectly.
When I am stay at home.
I often try to finish doing my preparation as quickly as I can.
Then I help my parents with the housework, , for example washing the clothes,cleaning the room and so on.
Then I read some interesting books.,surf the internet and listen to music.
Where there is lots of time,I visit my friends and play sports with them.
I think it's really good at me to stay at home and spend my time freely.
In this article, the author firstly points out the successes that American venture capital firms have achieved in European market and then throws light on the difficulties and obstacles which may prevent them from moving further down the road.
After a SWOT analysis, he draws a conclusion that the prospective is still optimistic if American venture capital firms can get adjusted to the local culture and grab the opportunity properly.
During the past few years, American venture capital firms have tasted the sweetness of investing in Europe in lots of fields like IT, semiconductor, and biotechnology and so on.
They set up offices and raised billions of dollars in Europe.
Yet in spite of this, how to mix Silicon Valley style with local culture gradually becomes a big question.
Substantial political, institutional and regional differences have caused them many troubles.
Moreover, the sharp rising of European venture capital industry with plenty of money, a web of contacts and better understanding of local culture has made the competition much fiercer.
Nonetheless, American firms should not collapse under these pressures.
On the contrary, they need to take full use of their own advantages that is a labor-intensive, team oriented approach and make early-stage investments in young companies of high growth sectors.
Thus, as the author puts forward, American venture capital firms will get a bigger achievement with the forthcoming deregulation in Europe.
Next to my desk is a red umbrella.
It belongs to my grandmother, who is deserved to be appreciated most.
If my memory serves me well, I played with several acquaintances six years ago.
Unfortunately, I lost my way.
I standed in the rain.
Suddenly, I saw a luminous red umbrella.
My grandmother gave the umbrella to me and told me not to be scared.
I was moved to tears.
Nevertheless, several months later, my grandmother passed away all at once due to her illness.
It was always the way in this life.
No sooner had you got settled in a pleasant resting place that you were summoned to move on.
The red umbrella indicates my grandmother's love to me.
Online shopping has become a fashion trend.
More and more person likes shopping on the internet.
Just as every sword hao two blades,online shopping has obvious advantages and potential disadvantages at the same time.
There are some advantages for online shopping.
First, we can buy something that we need at home.
Compare with shopping outside, we prefer to shop on the internet.
Because, it can save the time.
Also, we can have many different choices.
Second, we can be more convenience.
If we shopping outside, we should walk for a long time.
After that, we will be very tied.
However, for another, shopping on the internet also has some shortcomings.
Firstly, those who shop on the internet cannot know how the goods are before they buy.Sometimes, the real good are not the same as the goods they see on the internet.
Secondly, some shops on the internet are dishonest and they would not deliver the goods after paying .
Therefore, we should pay more attention when shopping on the internet.
Nowadays, we are living in a society where everyone is working hard to make a living.
No matter what kind of professions we are engaged in, all of us will do everything we can to have a good performance.
However, there is no doubt that it is impossible that we can all achieve our goal.
There are many factors that can affect our work performance, such as team spirit, your own interest and so on.
Recently, a organzation has carried out a research on factors affect working performance among two age groups.
One group of the people are 18 to 30, and the other group is 45 to 60.
As it is shown in the charter, there are various factors that can affect people's work performance, and the same factor may not have the same influence on these 2 groups.
For example, job security takes a large percentage on influencing people in 18 to 30, but has little influence on the other group.
Furthermore, chance for personal development is the main factor affect work performance for people in 18 to 30, while it only affects less than 40 percent of the other group.
It is the same with relaxed working environment.
On the other hand, we can that promotion prospects and money are also two of the major factors that can affect work performance of 18-30 age people.
As for people in 45-60, money affects their work performance most.
Perhaps people in old age cares more about the salary because they want to save some money to spend the rest life of their life or give the money to their decedents.
What's more, money also has great influence on young people, maybe they just want to earn lots of money to show their talent or to make a living as their working environment is becoming increasingly competent as time goes by.
Therefore, they need more chances for personal development so that they can have a bright future.
Nevertheless, the old people do not care much about such chances for they are not as ambitious as the youngsters.
In addition, team spirit is important both for the young people and the old ones.
It is by working together that people they can have a better performance.
Morever, the factors competent boss, job satisfaction and respect from colleagues will also affect people's work performance, and it is not very different for the two grooups.
Work environment has the same influence on both groups.
All in all, we can draw a conclusion that people in different ages may have different work performance for various reasons.
The more chances young people have, the more excellent they will behave, and the higher the salary is, the more active the old people will be.
Thus it is reasonable that we always rely on the youngsters to make contributions to the society, and they will have do a wonderful job in the future.
Nowadays,the problem of water shortage is widely believed that draws public attention and concern.
This is because it has brought great threat to our life.
Generally speaking, the waste of water and the lack of a threat to our survival.
Considering the great importance of this problem to us, government took some several positive and effective measures.
For one thing, they issued a lot of legal.
For another, the education for us to save water.
At the same time, we also should spare no efforts to deal with it in a proper way.
In conclusion, it is very important that we attach great importance to protect water.
Only in this way can we to save our earth.
I came into college at September 1, 2009 .After one year's learning ,I felt school life is boring .I have nothing to do everyday expect having classes .At that time ,I decided to find a part-time job to fulfill my spare time .I searched on the internet .Finally I found there is a room for a part-time teacher .So I called the leader of that education constitution .We made a deal that meet each other at his school .He suggested that I need to prepare a lesson to deliver .
It was my first time to be interviewed .I stood on the stage nervously .I can't hear anything and feel empty in my mind .The leader said you can begin now .Suddenly I realized I should deliver my lecture .I encouraged myself in heart .It was a long time to stand on the stage to deliver my lecture .But I kept smile all the time .After about 25 minutes ,my lecture was over .Unexpectedly ,the lecture was smoothly taught .Then I heard applaud under the stage .The leader stood up and said ,you are a confident person .Your lesson is full of passion .Although you are a student ,but in the future ,you would be a wonderful teacher .
Now I have 45 students .I can get on well with them .As for them ,I'm not only a teacher but also a friend .I can not only teach them knowledge ,but also teach them how to be a man .Sometimes I told them my experience about to be a teacher ,the first thing is confident .This is the most unforgettable experience ,I think I would remember it forever .
Cheating in China is a very popular thing, of course, the University is no exception.
A lot of college students in college are often not in class or sleeping in class which means they want to pass the final exam must be something else means, so they will cheat.
College Examination management mechanism is imperfect, of course gives students an opportunity, most schools lack the professional exam supervision and administration department.
Many students personality defects, such as willpower, lack credibility.
Around me, there will be some students cheating, of course, I also have done harm.
