Although parents love their children from the bottom of heart, nevertheless in my opinion, spoiling do harm to children's physical and psychological health.
First and foremost, parents meet children's demands easily lead a fact that children don't value goods.
What's more, spoiling sap children's energy, making them lacks of sprit of hard working.
Last but not least, parents who spoil their children content children's material needs while ignore their growth needs.
As far as I'm concerned, parents are expected to spend time playing with their children and enjoy the pleasure of the family affection.
What's more, parents should be aware of the saying, only the test of fire makes fine steel, and encourage their children development of independence and responsibility.
Thus, only by respecting their children indeed can prove their true love and make their children a bright future.
As people laying mare emphasis on the environment around us, we come to realize the importance of a environment friendly campus.
As a Students' Union leader, I'd like to appeal to you to create a green campus.
A green campus may bring benefits to students in many ways.
First of all, green is the color of life and lively plants will cheer you up.
Those lovely plants show us the beauty of nature.
Walk among the green trees planted around the playground or pass by the school lab which is covered by vines, your tiredness after a whole day of study will be relieved.
Besides that, trees provide a quiet campus for us.
Located in a big city like Shanghai, noise from the traffic is inevitable.
Tall trees set a green wall around our campus.
They reduce the endless noise on a certain scale.
Green plants also let out oxygen, which improve the efficiency of our study.
Action speak louder than words.
Individually, we should protect the plants in our school and try to grow some plants in our classrooms.
We are calling for our school to hold a 'Green Day'.
On that day, you can adopt a little tree and plant it in our school garden.
The authority of our school is also considering to enlarge the coverage of plants on the campus.
We hold a firm belief that with our joined effort ,it won't be long before our dream of creating a green campus come true.
For the sake of getting intimate with nature and taking exercise, the Students' Union is about to organize an outdoor activity this Sunday at Guang Ming Farm.
It is a good opportunity for us to experience the farming life by planting vegetables, watering flowers, feeding animals etc.
Wandering around the field, the visitor is likely to think it is a world preferable to the busy and noisy modern life.
We'll gather together at the school gate at 7:30 and leave at 8:00.
The farm is only 2 kilometers away from our school and we'll come back around 11:00.
My mobile phone appears a cuboid, but not that pointed.
It has a huge screen, seemingly occupies the whole body of the phone.
There are no buttons, except some on the side of the body.
On the top lies a switch so as to control the whole system.
Besides, two buttons on the left side are designed to regulate the volume.
Another conspicuous feature is its big eye on the back, an automatic camera lens.
When my phone isn't at work, it's quiet and mute; once coming to vibrancy, it immediately becomes active and appealing.
Every time I put on the switch button, the screen presents a menu with various icons, which indicate different functions.
And I just need to touch the screen however I like to manipulate it.
There are all kinds of applications in my phone, such as music, chatting room, dictionary, game and so on, and these functions can broaden my horizon as well as enrich my life.
My phone has brought a new world to me, with which I can not only relax but also study.
Thanks to it, my life has been more delightful.
In recent years, the domestic food safety problem is continuing concern,such as illegal cooking oil,tainted milk,chemicla additives,pesticide pollution.
When we drink milk every morning will worry whether tainted milk, every time go out for dinner or party is going to be worried about whether the food utilize illegal cooking oil, each drink beverage will worry about whether or not there is an excess of chemical additives.When we went to buy vegetables are concerned about whether there will be pesticide pollution.So we have to improve food safety awareness.as little as feasible to go out for dinner, after buying vegetables washed several times more, buy the problem appear less milk, little drinks and so on, can avoid the threat of pollution.
Frequently the Internet concern food safety knowledge, daily to enhance safety consciousness, can reduce the food on their impact.
Today because of too heavy compete,people have to work harder and hader.Now too many people can not have a happily life because of more and more stress.
So,how to escap the stress became a problem which catchs a lot of people's eyes.Here I have some advice to finish off it.
As we all know,some person relax themselves by reading books.
doing exercise.working in their gardens and so on.I agree with these,they are good idear,and I also think taking a bath.sleeping or listening to music are good choose.
Of course,sleeping and other thing are necessary.But when you do something you readly like you will feeling happy and relax,this is the most important for your healthy.
In this wourld,many people infect HTV.They need our help.Because they are alone,And they are poor,they not money cure their ill,They face death.So we should help,And we should not discrimination these people.
If we meet them,We can not laugh at them,On the one hand,They are a man,They hope they live in this world,They do not want death;On the other hand,They do not hope we laugh at them,their body is scars of wound strung together like beads.
So,I hope we can help them,let them happy live in this world,And give them some warm.
One day,I was playing in the playground happily on my own.Suddenly,a round spaceship flew in a faster speed.And then,it landed at the top of the school building.I was so nervous that I saw a secret door from the spaceship opened.What is more,an alien has a cute body with yellow fur and had two eyes.But it only had three hair.In addition,it was really short.
The alien discovered me and I was frightened.I said in fear:"Let us be friend!
"But it said:"You know too much,I must take you to my planet.
Finally,I was taken by the alien from the spaceship.
In recent years, food safety has been a constant concerning to people.
It is known to us all that more and more food has been reported containing chemical substance which harms our health.
Nowadays, food safety is still a big problem for our human beings.
In order to make more money, those food manufacturers add cheap but harmful chemical additives.
And those so-called illegal oil, tainted milk and pesticide pollution become familiar to us.
However, the unsafe food can sometimes bring great harm to our body.
People may even die because of eating those foods.
Therefore, in order to avoid such damages, here are several tips.
First of all, we have to pay more attention to the direction of the food or things like that.
And it is the first step to protect us from unsafe food.
Then, we have to know more about basic knowledge on food and its composition so that we know what we should buy.
In a word, to protect ourselves from those unsafe foods, we have to be more careful about them and it is the right thing we need to do now.
As we all know , science plays an important role in societies in which we live .And it is science that distinguished human beings from other animals .
Now , I want to share my views on science with you .
In my opinion , the development of society is associated with science .On one hand ,science has made it possible that the economy increased rapidly ,on the other hand ,it can help people to stay healthy.
For example, human can eat some medicine to cure disease and stay younger and they needn't to exercise .
However , because of science ,many people has become lazier and lazier ,too many children stay home all the time ,they try their best to escape exercising .
What's more , some kinds of technology such as cloning have made human beings into great panic .
So, we should make science goes correct way and we will benefit from it .
In our daily life of challenge.So that the frustration everywhere in our life.
I think we should be optimistic face it.
I think if you have some frustration in learming .First you should have a optimistic heart.
Second you should to look for reason and know what should we do .when you see you can do it .and them the frustration can be sloved .
As school should build a establish a counseling program .
when class faced frustration teaching students how to deal with frustration and fall .The school should regalaly carry out psychological health topic.
We should sure that no one dare say he hasn't met trouble all his life .So we must face frustration .
When you in trouble please remember "failare is the mother of success.
It sometimes make people feel happy, sometimes let a person feel the pain.
The definition of love is so broad.Affection, friendship,love patriotic feelings... All be called love.Love without end hath no end and it is a fabric that nature wove and fantasy embroidered.
And love is magical,that's how I feel.
Love is a vine that grows into our hearts.It opened flowers, in our lives.One day,I took the bus and saw an old man holding a rose.He looked happiness and i can feel his heart is with hie wife by the rose.Love is something eternal.
The aspect may change, but not the essence.Love does not dissipate as time goes by.
Helen Keller said "The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched.
So,if you want to be love,you must meet to believe love and allow ourselves to feel it.
Computers is so popular in our daily life that we can't leave it.
But each coin has two sides.
We should make our use the benefits of the computer.Firstly,We rely on computer too much to solve problem by ourselves.Secondly,with the misuse,the disease of eyes on people become worse.Even some people can't leave computer alone,if so they would be die.From my opinion of view,we should spend our time carefully don't be adapted in Inerent,we should look toward the life.If we can do it,we believe we will have a nice future.
I am a senior high student.I want to talk school subject with you.senior high school has many subjects that is difficult for you.First you should not feel nervous even afraid.
you too.you will understanding.I wish you have a great future.
It was the Spring Festival a few days ago.As we all know,the Spring Festival is an important troditional festival in China.During the festival,families get together and enjoy the kinship with each other.Some people choose to go travelling and know about different cultures to spent the festival.Whatever,I believe that everyone has had a good time.Now let me tell something about my Spring Festival.
My family didn't leave our home this year.We cleaned and decorated our house together several days before the festival.On the eve of the Spring Festival,we watched Spring Festival Gala Evening together and had a delicius dinner.We made dumplings and had great fun.We counted down with the clock and cheered for the coming new year.Everyone set off fireworks to wish for good luck during the next year.At the moment,every corner was full of laughter and happiness.
On the first day of the new year,my family went to the famous Ancient Culture Street.There were big red lanterns here and there.There were so many people with pleased face.In the evening,we went to listened to the crosstalk.The funny dialogues made everyone could't help to laugh and almost could't stop.I feel very joyful although a little tired.I was very impressed by the delighting days.
The Spring Festival has passed,but I still feel happy.In my opinion,the Spring Festival is not only a valuable treasure for Chinese culture,but also a kind of memory or affection to every Chinese.Wherever I will be when I grow up,I will never forget that I am a Chinese,and that I'm proud of this.
Now it is very common for students in university that they are late for class, leave the class early,absent for class,etc.
Maybe they are not fit in university life absolutely.
for students.
First of all, we cost a lot for university payment, how should we face to our parents who encourage us all the time.
Besides, I am curious about the matter that what students absent do while they are not on the class.
Moreover, students who don't go to class on time must miss many useful information which help them grow quickly and healthily.
From what has been discussed above,we can safely draw the conclusion that regular attendance is very important for students.
Go to class on time not only help us perform a good habit of daily life but also award us a good memory.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
In the other hand ,some students realize that getting online frequently is bad for your eyesight ,I think it's true ,the study pressure is high,our eyes been under strain.So we use computer more ,the eyesight drops more quick.
Addicted to chat and games is also awful ,it wastes too much valuable time and effort .
We should not be addicted to the Internet , or we'll get our life and study destroyed.Moderate online help us ,but Internet overuse is harmful to us.
It has been a hot topic for a long time on online shopping.A number of people enjoy it during the shopping time,such as college students,office workers or housewife.
Every coins has two sides,Online shopping is no exception.Some people think that we can buy cloth food and most of the daily use,In addition,It's very convenience and never leave home.However, there are lots of people holding the opposite attitude towards online shopping,they feel insecurity and we buy something not seen Buy back only to find that is not desirable.
In my opinion,both of the views are reasonable,We can buy something not very important on the internet,at the same time, improve the safety awareness.Just enjoy the online shopping!
Nowadays there is a tendency that more and more people enjoy eating on the subway, which serious worsens the atmosphere on it, causing a heated debate between people.
I hold the idea that people should not eat on the subway, for it is an uncivilized behavior.
On the hand, eating in public easily cause the attention of people on the subway, which makes them disgusted with what you are doing.
On the other hand, eating on the subway easily makes it dirty, causing an awful public environment, for there being nobody enjoys a bad environment.
Above all, as far as I am concerned, eating on the subway should be banned, creating a wonderful and pleasant atmosphere in the public is what we should do, no only on the subway but also at other places, being a civilized person is the need of society.
No eating at the subway,let us try for it and become a civilized person.
I am one of College students now.When we enrolled in middle school and high school, we only need to study hard,because we didn't have free time to do other things at school.While now as a College student,we will have a lot of free time to do some things that we want to do.So it becomes an important topic about college students take part in social practice.
Some people think many students lack social practice,it is not wise for students who always study hard instead some exercise for this social,as everyone knows,many of company need students that have social practice to improve their benefits,therefore student need to join in some social practice to take exercise themselves.
In my opinion,I feel that students should put study first,if you want not to lear and gain knowledge to improve your skills,if you don't have enough knowledge to do something that come from our jobs,do you think you can improve company's benefits?Do you think the company can employ you?So I hope that we must learn well our professional course,secondly we can actively participate in some social practice to increase rich experience.
I am glad to hear that you are learning English.
English is difficult.
I will give you some advice to help you memorize English words.
First of all,I suggest you write down four words and pronounce it when you see it.
What's more, it's a good idea to learn English songs because it is a good way to learn new words.Try to remember those new words what can help you in your composition.Finally,how about remembering the spelling rules?
They can help you to remember English words quickly and better.
No one knows for sure,and i have many thinks.For a start,the school will become very big,inclouding a place where we can watch movie free of charge.And we will finish our homework by table-computer.We will work in a modern company.We work very relax is that robots can help us.In my house,we will be able to move the walls to create biger or smaller rooms when we want to .The kitchen will become the most important room in the house!
These are my thoughts.I hope them can achieve.
Books are my friends.When I have some trouble.Usually,I will take out a book and read carefully until I find the answer.Through reading books,it makes me grow up and has a important influence on me.In a free time, reading a good book can feed my hungry minds.And I can learn more knowledge.Enjoy ourselves by reading books.Unconsciously,I get more and more knowledge and make my ability to get motivated.
Of couse,reading does not solve all problems.We need to practice.Use our sense organ to probe everything in this world.
Our school is big and fair.
There are 32 classrooms and 28 teachers'office in our school.
There is craft room, a music room a library on the first floor.
There is an art room on the second floor.
There is a science room on the third floor.
There are two computer rooms on the forth floor.
There are thirty--two classrooms and twenty--eight teachers'office on the first~forth floor.
My classroom is on the forth floor.
There is a playground in front of teaching building.
There is mess behind the play ground.
There are some basketball Courts and table tennis fields.
Football fields on the playground.
Mother's love is the deepest love in the world.
No matter where we are, no matter what difficulties we encounter, the mother will always be our backing.
After watching this video, I can appreciate this point more deeply.
Forrest Gump was a disabled boy who had to walk with braces.
However, his mother, Mrs. Gump, never gave up him.
One day, his shoes were stuck between two bars and the passers-by laughed at him.
She strained every nerve to make Forrest realize he was no different than anybody else was.
Although Forrest's IQ was only75, in order to let him have the finest education, Mrs. Gump still took him to school and refuted to the principal that people were all different.
It is due to her effort and persistence that Forrest could go to school with normal children and have a bright future.
This video reminds me of my mother.
Every mother is willing to give the deepest love to her children.
Whether I am confused about some questions on my study, or confront some troubles in my life, my mother always encourages me and spares no efforts to help me get through together.
It is because my mother loves me deeply that I can have a happy life today.
Therefore, in the coming days, I will cherish this precious love and love my mother more deeply.
A new semester is coming , as well as a new course.
About this semester, we have several units to learn.
To begin with cover letter and figuring letter, l would like to learn the specific forms and conventions of letter.
Besides that, the difference between formal letter and casual.
Next one is graph distribution, it is a little bit stranger for me, so I want to know more about it.
My task for this section is to get basic knowledge and to use it smoothly.
More important, I expect that you can pay attention to the academic writing, which is essential to my essay in the last semester.
I hope I can reach the step with few mistake.
And I want to give you a small suggestion.
When there shows silence in the class you could invite someone to do some funny things to arise our attention.
At last, I hope we could get a common progress together in this semester.
In this society, many collage students lack the social practice.
Some of them have no chance to take part in it, and some are lazy to do it.
Of course, there is some other reason.
Collage students should take an active part in the social practice.
In this complex society, it is necessary to have some social experience, so they ought to take part in the social practice actively.
In my opinion, if they have some opportunities that can improve themselves, they should grasp it.
After they graduate, they have to come into this society and find a good job.
If they have a rich experience, they will integrate into the society easier and earlier.
And then, they will have a more satisfied work than others.
So I think collage student must take part in some social practice.
Literature has always had an irresistible charm for me, in that it gives me boundless freedom to explore and innovate, and I never cease to wonder at the marvels talented writers create.
I attended primary school in England where I started to explore a wide range of English literature beyond the school curriculum.
I learnt a great deal of the complexity of humanity from Scarlett O'Hara, the importance of morality from Jane Eyre, and the meaning of choices from Tom Riddle.
By the age of 12, I had read novels including Pride and Prejudice, Hamlet, and Wuthering Heights.
I particularly enjoyed reading "Pride and Prejudice" - the drastic change in Liz's perception of Darcy taught me to remember to look beneath the surface.
I also like Oscar Wilde's works-I was captivated by his nonchalant elegance and witty dialogue from the first time I picked up "The Picture of Dorian Grey".
His portrayal of Dorian spoke volumes of the desires and ugliness of humanity.
The irony apparent in the plot tempts me to delve deeper.
I read a significant amount of Chinese literature after I returned to China while keeping reading English literature as my favorite hobby.
I greatly admire the Chinese scholars of the 20th century, such as poet Zhimo Xu, who mastered both Chinese and western literature.
Xu's writings about his life in Cambridge remind me of my childhood in England.
Besides reading original Chinese and English literature, I read translated English literature with a critical vision.
I was fascinated by Liang Shi-Qiu's great translations and admired his effort to keep the words true and vivid as they traveled across the continent.
Since a young age, I have had great passion for writing, and have written many stories and poems in English and Chinese.
I posted some of my writings on the internet, and have received positive reviews and gained many followers.
The more I read and write, the more I recognize that writing and translating would become my future career.
In school, I enjoy history and philosophy.
I find it interesting when I compare historical facts to classic literature of the same period of time - I always wonder how history would have gone if some events underwent a route an author had predicted or imagined.
I attempted to read Plato's "The Republic" some time ago, but didn't proceed far before the hypotheses of the philosophers lost me.
However, I found Oscar Wilde's philosophy, which was woven into humor and relevant to real life, rather inspiring.
Reading and writing occupy most of my spare time, but is not my sole hobby.
Traveling is an adventure I couldn't live without.
Seeing different cultures never fails in broadening my horizons and giving me inspiration for my work.
I keep a travel diary recording all my experiences and memories about the different cultures.
I am also interested in drama and public speaking as they are good ways to present my feelings; bring fiction alive and tell facts vividly.
I entered the final China Central TV Star of Outlook English Talent Competition after winning the regional competition.
Such events have developed my ability to present my view confidently and clearly in front of an audience.
I took part in the Ameson Elite Program where I was elected a member of the Student Council.
This experience has developed my leadership and communication skills, and furthered my understanding of teamwork.
Moving between China and England frequently during my early age nurtured my ability to adapt to living and learning environments quickly.
I am hard working, self motivated and always give hundred percent to anything that I am passionate about.
I wish to live my life meaningfully and full of imagination, relating my hobby to my work and life.
It is my dream to become an ambassador of literature and a link between China and the west.
Studying English Literature at one of the world's top universities would provide me a great opportunity to make my dream become true.
I'm writing to tell you about the discussion we've recently had about whether we should know our parents'income.
There are 70 persent of student agree with this opinion.
They think it is necessary for us to know our parents'income.
Because if we understand the income of our parents,we will understand the handshyips of parents.What's more?
We must study harder than before.
But about 30 persent of student disagree with the opinion.
some information about parents'income, we will rely on our parents.
On the other hand, if we know the situation of parents'income is better, it will encourage us to spent money in the atmosphere,and we will don't understand thrift.
In my opinion, I think we should know our parents'income.
Because I believe a lot of students prefer to share their parents instead of spending money,if they know parents'income.Parents should believe their kids.
This winter,I went to Shenyang for Spring Festival and I enjoyed myself there.During my holiday,I met the snow in northeast China.The snow is so heavy and beautiful that I have never seen in tianjin.
what a great treavle!I think this is the most unforgettable thing during my winter holiday.
Nowday,the college students to setbacks ability is poor.For example,they don't cooking and laundry,but don't to study.they are afraid of frustration which cause some shudents gosuicide.But what can we do?
In my opinion,the school should take some measures to strengthen the ability education training;The parents can teach their children do housework,and what's more,how have a responsibility;the college students should have the confidence to face setbacks.
If we have the courage,I think that we can beat frustration become a talent.
I still remember my schooling experience in the past year.
In the past year,my parents and my teachers would plan something for me.
I am from Hebei Province.That province has lots of students who participate in the College Entrance Examination.
I must study extermely hard.
In my memory,the dark May is a boring month.Although We did much homework,we aslo had interesting things.We built up our friendship bridge.When everyone faced difficulties ,all of us would help him or her.
In the end ,luckily, I win the exam.I can go to college.
Now here I am.
The beginging of my college life makes me fell excited.
I can fly freely just like a bird.College is my chance of a lifetime to explore some areas,such as arts and literature.It can broaden our horizons.For a rich full life,I should make the most of the opportunities at hand.
I will prepare to study hard and keep up from day one.
There is a general discussion today on the issue of to exercise or not.Some people hold the idea that more exercise is superior to our daily life in many ways.Others,however;think quite differently on this question.Personly, I side with the former one.
Firstly,we need exercise in our life.Nowadays,more and more pressure are put on the students so that they have a lot of health problems .As the proverb says,"Everything has two sides".On the one hand,physical exercise is good for your health.On the other hand,if you don't deal with it properly,it will do harm to your health.So we should treat it rightly.We put less attention on our body ,so it can't fight with the disease effective.Thus,we need exercice.
Secondly,we can enjoy our campus life in this way.Only academic study among our life,we will feel tired all the time.Image that you just face the text book all the day,don't feel painful in your eyes?Or will not you lose interest in learning?It is very easy to be a happy guy in college that you can not only gain your major knowledge but can keep a good condition in your health.The directly way is to exercise in your free time.You can make a schedule about your life.
In short,I think we should exercise more often in our university.You can be effective in your study and your life style.May you enjoy your effective life.
College plays a significant role in my life,I benefit much from it,and it has great influence on my life.I learned how to handle relationship with others,how to arrange time and make plans for myself.
Life in college is different,we are faced with various problems,for most students, we need to deal with it by ourselves.We share the same dormitory with other students,in other words,we live together,then we should think of others whatever we do.Conflect between roommates is common,however,if each of us is tolerant,things will be much better.We may meet some obstacles in life,care and help from roommates can be very useful,sometimes they can come up with some solutions to help us get through those hard days.
Besides,we can enjoy more freedom in college,therefore it is necessary for us to arrange time properly,maybe we can make some plans,such as tripping,shopping and preparing for test.Resonable planning makes our life enjoyable,for it combines pleasure with study,and everything is well-organized.
Days in college are colorful,to some degree,it shapes our character and improves our living habits.College life adapts ourselves to the future social life.The past three years were precious for me and I will cherish the rest part of my college life.
New Year's Day is coming.In my family, everyone has a New Year's plan.
My father decides to find a new job.To make more money for our family.
My mother will work hard.And look after our family well.
My brother and my sister will study hard and get good reaults,and go to a good university.
And i will woek hard on my study.
Especially math, I need to improve in my Math.
I often get up late,and stay up late.I will break this habits.i will get earlier and goto bed earlier than before.
i decide to do more sprots to stay healthy.i plan to go swimming every weekends.and i will also eat healthy food to keep healthy.Such as rice , noodles,chicken suop,feef,fruit and vegetable.
This is our New Year's plan.i hope we will have a good tome.
Faced with the fact that some college studens hire cleaners to do laundry and cleaning of their dorm,my opinion is that as you grow up ,you have to do your things by your own.
As we all know, we have so much spare time as a college student, then time will not be the reason that we need a clearner to help us.
Some may thing that we don't know how to do the cleaning and the only thing we need to do is study.But have they thought that college students are almost grow-ups,we are not kids anymore,our life is going to bigin.
besides,as a student,our tuition fee is already a burdern to our family,and there still be few years before we can earn money to support our family,not to mention release our parents' burden.So, saving ever peny your parents give to you is necessary.
In one word, it's no need for college students to hire cleaners.
Just do all the chores youself, and you will gain a lot during the process.
When I was a high school student,in my dream,college is desirable.University seems free and harmony to me so that I want go to college very much.With increasing age,I have finished many test,of which the two most important are Senior high school entrance examination and College entrance examination.As our Chinese students,we need use at least seven years to complete these or more,and the process is so hard for us.So,in my eyes,the academic pressure will be tail off.Clearly,I was wrong!
University is not that when I was young I imagined.On the contrary,University of the pressure is greater beacuse of the most really problem which decided our future ascription.Faced the enormous pressure of employment,we have no choice but to become more nervous.
Facing the difficulties we cannot back off.Only if study hard can we be trained professionally which the powful weapon will be our competition.It not only need teachers' giving systematic guidance,but also our own efforts.We shoulder listen to the teacher carefully in class,and in our spare time we've go to the library to increase knowledge.
However much more is needed,we have been working hard to learn to make a move with the time which requires us to participate in social practice constantly.These social encounters are experiences that allow us to feel most alive.Although under the social pressure,we're depressed,and in my opinion we shoulder try our best to enjoy the process.Because of the reason why we go to the college is not just to learn the professional knowedge but to know how to grow up and be a useful human in the world.
Nowdays, plenty of old employees who are more than 55 years old must retire because of company policy, therefore, they can provide opportunities to the number of young employees.
I think this point is certainly true.
First reason is that the dramatic increase of our population cause more and more pressure to the society, a considerable number of young employees without jobs, some people suggest that companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 is a good way to relief of social pressure, and it also beneficial to social stability.
Second reason is that plenty of young employees mean that the company is infused with lots of young blood.
With the development of technology, more and more new technological products have been developed.
The new generation masters advanced technology and has the energy to exploit.
They have learned lots of knowledge in university; therefore it is definitely useful for the development of companies.
Third reason is that old employees cannot adapt themselves to the rapid pace.
Old employees find it difficult to rapidly learn new things and they are not capable of heavy manual work.Most of them have worked for more than half their lifetime, so they should retire to enjoy life and relax themselves.
In conclusion, old employees shouldn't continue working for themselves.
Moreover, advancement of society needs a new generation.
As is known to all, different living condition would lead to different culture and opinion.
And the differences enlarge with the space widening.
Take the differences between China and America as examples.
If one has a fever, in China, people tend to add more quilt to cover the patient and wait for the sweat.
On the contrary, Americans are apt to use no quilt and even use ice cubes to cool the body of the fever people.
This phenomenon can trace back to the different medical opinions.
People in China are famous for traditional Chinese medicine, while Americans are more likely to prefer to the western medicine.
The balance between Yin and Yang in traditional Chinese medicine is of vital importance.
Chinese people believe that if one gets ill, it must be imbalanced in the inner body and what we should do is to use some mild herb to restore the balance inside the body.
However American people, or to be more accurate, western medicine is goal-oriented with lots of side-effects.
We cannot judge which opinion on medicine or illness is correct and scientific, for both of them are the fruit of long-term accumulation.
Many students feel nervous whenever taking an important exam.Some feel dizzy and tired,some are suffer from lack of sleep,and some will lose their appetites,of which drive us crazy and have awful effects on our exams.Then how do we get rid of these bad symptoms?
First of all,I am firmly convinced that exams are only a means of checking our progress of studies.So,there is no need to worry to much ahout the results.All we need to do is to learn by heart.Making appropriate review plan will also contribute to our exams.
Besides,we should not stay up too late.Enough sleep will be beneficial to our perform of exams.
In addition, a warm bath or a cup of warm milk before going to bed might help us sleep peacefully.
Nowday some people think study is students' duty whatever you are primary students or college students,you should just study .But some people believe college students are different from primary students.
So they should do some other things except study .Such as participating in social practice.
In my opinion,I agree the latter.As we all know,almost students just study from primary school to university.What they have learned just is theory .What they have saw is pictures .
Perhaps as college students they can take in it very well .Actually Do they know how to use them in life?Can they express their knowledge clearly?I remembered when Istudyed in junior middle school,some college students who are going to graduate from university came to my school to practice.They didn't know how to teach students at all and just stood there reading book for us.If they had taken part in some social practice they wouldn't be that.
What'more ifyou devote to some practice you will learn some that you can't learn in books,which can improve yourself and rich your experience .It is at that time you really know knowledge is useful and you feel more confident and successful.
So I believe if you are a college student ,it is a good choice for you take part in social practice.
By searching some students about their pressure, many students said that they are in a constant state of anxiety.
Today, more and more homework is got to the students and they have no time to their hobbies.
Maybe they always stay up late so that they do not have enough sleeping time to relax themselves.
However, if they do not work hard, they would be washed out in this cruel world.
So, if you want to keep balance between homework and hobbies.
You should in a proper way to plan your time.
When you want to play in a wrong time, you must keep yourself under control.
We are pleased to inform you that we have already shipped by S.S " Pearl" under the Sales Confirmation NO.
J-29.
And we will make a partial shipment with "Mayflower" in Hongkong.
This Department of approximately sold on CIF prices.
Never had I thought that a reader could owe such a heavy debt to a writer before I read the text A Debt to Dickens.
In her childhood, Pearl S. Buck was lonely and confused, but she found hope and began to discover the virtue of life by reading Charles' works, so she thought she owed a heavy debt to Chares.
As for me, it seems that there is no writer to whom I can owe such a heavy debt just like Pearl S. Buck did.
But considering what a good writer does for me, I may owe a debt to Lu Xun.
The reasons why I choose Lu Xun as the writer whom I owe a debt to are that I was once praised by my teacher because I cited Lu Xun's saying, some of his inspiring sayings indeed encourage me to face and solve the difficulties both in life and study, and he, as an excellent writer, also helps me to develop my interest in writing.
Generally, because of Lu Xun's great reputation as a revolutionist and writer, almost every student knows him and usually cites his famous sayings in the composition.
When I studied on the seventh grade, I once cited his saying "True warriors are bold in facing up to the dripping blood and they dare to look squarely to the gloomy life" without knowing this saying's meaning in my composition and I was greatly praised by my Chinese teacher, because the teacher did not teach that saying in the class.
That saying was also my motto and it really encourages me to be brave and confident when I'm facing difficulties.
I remember clearly that when I studied for the college entrance examination, I was afraid of tests because the scores would influence me a lot.
Maybe it was a little funny that I repeated that saying for several times every day and I really got rid of my anxiety.
As for my interest in writing, it is the fact that Lu Xun's novels greatly interest me and I also want to write interesting and meaningful novels by myself, but I do not intend to be a professional writer.
I just want to write my own stories and I have been writing novels on a website for several months.
Lu Xun's saying helps me get praise from the teacher and encourages me to be bold.
He also helps me develop my interest of writing.
Therefore, I really owe a debt to Lu Xun.
He get up at 8:30.And he has breakfast at 8:45.After a 15 miuntes' rest.He write homework until 10:30.And then ,he eat delicious lunch at noon.From 13:00 to 15:00,he has computer class or English class.After that he reads many kinds of books.It will take 2 hours.At 18:30 he eats a little dinner.And have 30 minutes'rest.He searches for imformation on the internet or watches like programmes.He put things away from 20:30 to 21:00.At 21:30 he gose bed to sleep.
I think he get up late.And in attion to this everything is well.
With the onset of economic development, people are increasingly aware of the level of life.
There is a general discussion today about the issue of fake products.
-the organization to product consumers' rights and interests has reported that more and more fake products are permeated in the market.
It is said that certain of producers manufacture fake products to deceive consumers in order to earn more money, to speak for themselves, which impairs people's life of course.
First of all, they do great harm to people' health and even severely affect children's growth, which is regarded as the most important thing.
Furthermore, the market brimming with fake goods gives rise to crisis of public confidence.
The market fall into disorder and people are also driven to shopping phobia.
In addition, fake goods disappoint some consumers who pursue high level of life.
The last but not least, there is no doubt that the fake products will considerably shrink the authentic products, therefore the real goods become noncompetitive and lose it deserved brand value.
To prevent this awful phenomenon, effective measures have been taken, such as organizations to crack down on counterfeit goods.
All in all, we hope to lead a safety life without fake so we must pay attention to our consumption.
With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers,shopping on the Internet has become a fashion,especiallyamong the young people.But,every coin has two sides.
On one hand,shopping on the Internet has a lot of advantages.For example,people don't have to waste a lot of energy and precious time to go from one shop to another to choose goods they like.Also,the Internet has shorten the distance.We can buy goods from any places.And it's very fast and cheap.On the other hand,it also has many disadvantages.For example,the consumers can't see the.goods or try them themselves,so the size may not match them very well.And we can't check their qualities.
In my opinion,more and more people will be accustomed to shopping on the Internet,so the government should take some actions to make it perfect.
Most people prefer to accepting widely held views, for its seemingly authority and inerribility.
To some extent, widely accepted means indubitable.
However, universal accepted theory could be fault as well, just as Lenin once said, truth always lies in the hand of minority.
Columbus demonstrates, widely held views could be wrong.
Giordano Bruno, a philosopher and astrologer, once supported Corpenicus's heliocentric theory and devoted to diffuse it through Europe.
This is absolutely against Catholic doctrines and he was went after by the Roman Inquisition for several years.
It was a time when everyone supported geocentrism and people who disagreed with this statement were regarded as pagans.
Because of this, Giordano were arrested under torture for eight years,then he was executed.
After many years, eventually, heliocentric theory were proved to be right and Roman pope announced Bruno's rehabilitation.
Surely, widely accepted views are not often correct.
Another convincing example comes from Charles Darwin.
Darwin was known for his book On the Origin Of Species.
This is a controversial book for its revealing creatures comes from natural involvement and species select through a great amount of evidences.
The theory of evolution was unacceptable to many people hundreds years ago.
Majority were more willing to believe they were the creations of god rather than monkeys, which was ridiculous and embarrassing.
Darwin even received many insulting paintings and his theory was prohibited to transmit as well.
Finally, the theory of evolution was praised as one of the three biggest discoveries in the 19th century.
This proves widely held views are not always right once again.
Without a doubt, ubiquitous theories not always right.
Human being ought to have courage to question the ostensibly correct truth, and this plays an important role in the human development process.
Only there are some people dare to break the rules and question the authority, human society could advance in the river of long period of time.
The EducationPays shows that the university education of four years is important for us.
First, collage education can let us find a good job.
There is no doubt that we have ahigh paid.
For example, staff with master's degree receive a better payment than those with bachelor's degree, according to a survey of the payment to the employee.
Second,collage education causing many differences in life styles,health and other outcomes for people.A collage student knows more and thinks more,when they do something,they will think it over.
Third, collage education can help us education our children in the fruture.
It will be good for our childen.
As for me, collage education is important.
Now, I am lucky, I have a chance to study in the university.
So why don't you catch the chance and study hard?From now on I will try my best studying.
College is an important stage of one's life.Therefore,we would better to draw up a college plan.
In my opinion,a complete college plan should consist of what to do and how to do.
Here is my college plan.For one thing,we are supposed to join in influential communities as much as possible.For another,we are supposed to make more friends,which can improve our communication ability and master our social skills.
Furthermore,the most important of all the things is studying hard.Because a good academic performance can help us live an admirable life in the future.Whenever we are all going to live for ourselves.
When we refer to creativity, images of wonderful inventions never fail to find their ways into our mind.
A hello kitty cake, a combination of bed and desk, or a splendid painting which gives you an illusion etc.
can all be the examples of creativity.
Thus, to be creative not only provides our life with novelty but also makes it more convenient.
When doing one of my cardinal roles, I pay a lot of attention on creativity, making my work of more interest and attraction.
Also, when I appreciate others' creative work, ads on the board for instance, I never bother myself to look through them again and again, absorbing more creative ideas from others.
In addition to the importance of creativity in our daily life, creativity counts a lot to a company's success.
Products full of creativity always attract more customers, resulting in high profits.
From all above, we can see that being creative not only colourises our daily life but also brings benefits to business field, leading to a life of high quality.
So let's add more weight to creation.
There is an important thing in our life.
This thing is your name.
In our life,the name is associated with a baby.Now,some people to change her name.In my think the name is to your parents,we were treasure.
In my opinion,is the name of first mark you give to others,will be with your forever.When your understand more and more people,those people are to remember your name.
So,name is important.
Nowadays,there has been such a phenomenon.The old man ,is no longer important in many people's eye's,and even become a burden.The child looks cute,become everybody's baby.Everyone put their love and care to the next generation,and do not care about parents.
This phenomenon will bring very serious consequences.First of all,the old people feel lonely,especially under the condition of only one person,they had no one to speak,will lack happiness.Second,the old man's awareness is weak,vulnerable to abuse.Third,on like this for a long time,can cause people to have Alzheimer's disease or other symptoms of depression.
So,in my opinion.Old person's psychology is most afraid of loneliness,they need to satisfy of material,need more spiritual satisfaction.We'd better go home every week to see the old man,and have a meal with them,talk about family.Even if do not eat every week,to make a phone call every week,every month at least 3 times to go home to see the old man.Also,consider each year to the old man had a birthday,from the heart to the love and warmth.
Jimmy got good grades at school,so his mother gave him five hundred dollars to prize him.
In the early morning,he walked to school and brought his money.
On his way to school, he started to think how he should use his five hundred dollars and had made a hope list.
Suddenly, he saw an old woman wearing the dirty clothing sitting beside the road.
Jimmy was curious about why did the woman sit there.
He walked to the woman and asked her what had happened.
The poor old woman said that she did not have a job and had no money to buy the food.
After hearing these, Jimmy determined to give the old woman a friendly hand, therefore, he gave the woman his five hundred dollars.
Thanks to Jimmy's kindness, the woman could go to purchase some food.
Though Jimmy could not buy what he wanted, he still filled with happiness in his heart.
My name is X. X in Chinese means the sunshine in the morning.
But in fact, I like dusk more.
I come from Y, Which belongs to Z.
Frankly speaking, I'm not outgoing.
I like silence, or stay in a quiet place.
I don't mind staying with cats or other little animals.
I know that being too introverted is not good, so I'm trying to make more and more friends and speak as much as possible.
Sometimes it seems embarrassing, but I can encourage myself, just be patient and just do It.
I'm good at making plans and I think my plans are perfect.
But I can't carry out my plans well, I know it is laziness that causes that.
I will try my best to overcome it.
I'm glad you write to me.Please don't worry,I have been in your side.I heard that you want to take part in a singing competition recently.I knew you worry about your physical disability,and take it easy.Did you know the physical disability pianist Liu wei?So,listen to me now and this story will make you confident.
First of all,Liu wei is a disability people like you,but he never give up chasing his dream.He lost his hands when he was 10 years old.Although this,he became harder than everyone in school.When he was 19,he often got good grades in school every test.Even so,but he suddenly to learn the piano.As all as we know,what a funny a person without hands to play the piano.Not only does he give it up,but also makes he stronger.So,you should be more confident.You are the same with the others and there is no doubt that you can do better than anyone.Believe yourself.On the one hand,many people will meet some trouble like you and it maybe make them feel upset.On the other hand,trouble is a good friend in our life and it also make us be better.Kelly Clarkso said what doesn't kill you make you stronger in "Stronger" and it make lots of people feel life is wonderful.Why don't you sing your heart?
As the saying goes,god close a door for you,but god open a window for you.Maybe you could be a well-known singer.Try your best and no one will be laughed at you.
Tomorrow will be better.
With the development of science and technology,people's life is becoming better and better.Consequently,a number of TV programmes have raised.In these programmes,my most favourite TV programme is an amusement programme that is named Happy Tent.
It is founded 1997,and In this programme,there are five upholders that is named the happy family.Happy Tent always is played on Saturday evening.In this programme,some stars that are popular with people are invited to participate in it.Then,they will be asked some questions by upholders.Furthermore,the honoured guests tell their way of success and experience.First of all,they also perform,communicate with audiences.
In a word,I'm fond of the TV programme.What the most important thing is that people delight,and the programme is not only for amusement,but is also the perfect mix of fun and learning.Only in this way can we get close to stars.In addition,I know the reason why they can successful is that they never say never.So,I believe nothing is difficult to the man who will try.
"His daughter just answers, " you can read all about it on my blog, dad ".In the meaning of the little girl, her dad has been out of date.
Follow the improvement of Internet, Weibo, blog -the method of communication can be more and more.And people can use this talk others easily.The most important change is, interpersonal communication has became quickly.In the past people only can use mail, telephone to communicate each other.Maybe when his friends know the news, the news has been old news.
But every coin has two sides, include the internet on interpersonal communication.For example, some people may put fake news on websites and broadcast very quickly.It will be big lost for society, etc.
earthquake.And people will choose quick reading more and more don't like to spend many time to research some things.
Finally I want to say nobody can block the improvement of technology.But we can choose to use the good impact, and void the bad effect and drawback.
Recently, a survey of student life among Chinese students was done by a Beijing information company.
The results have shown that nearly 70 percent students think that saving money is a good habit while the rest believe that using tomorrow's money today is better.
As far as I'm concerned, I absolutely stand with the majority, and there is no doubt that saving money is a good habit.
First, the saved money can be used in the emergency situation, because the tomorrow'money could not work out the problem immediately.
Nowadays under the health care system of China, the majority of people do not have the health insurance.
So there are a lot of people not having money to be used to treat the disease.
Second, saving money can keep the balance of the economic system.
I believe that it is hard for us to forget the sub-prime mortgage crisis of the United States the result of using tomorrow'money.
The most important is that being industrious and thrifty in managing a household is always a fine tradition of the Chinese people.
We can see it from the result of the survey, although the tendency is using tomorrow'money.
All in all, the significance of saving money cannot be ignored in our daily life.We should use the money on the right place instead of using tomorrow'money without any restraint.
Madam C. J. Walker was a famous madam who was the first person to find that plants can help hair grow faster.
So now, you may ask, "How can she know that?".
Let me tell you.
One day, Walker saw herself through a mirror and found that she was losing hair.
She was worried about it so she tried many kinds of medicines.
Then in one day evening, she had a special dream, in the dream, a man showed her some plants.
So the second day, she tried the plants and wondered if the plants can help her grew hair.
To her suprise, her hair grew faster and she became more beautiful.
Later, she made the plants into the liquid and sold the liquid as her product.
Soon, her product became famous.
I was looking forwards to visiting Switzerland since I was very young.Because I heard that there is very beautiful and have a great environment.
Switzerland is situated in the center of Europe,it has an area of 41 thousand square kilometers,and it has an population of 7.5 million.It has lots of famous cities such as its capital Berne and the world's famous city--Geneva.
Switzerland has four neighbours,they are Austria Italy France and Germany.
Besides,it is a watch, chemical, food industry in developed countries,so you can buy some watches or some famous food when you come there.
I went through an unforgettable memory during last National Day.
I became a salesgirl of a corporation during this period..this corporation mainly engages in selling WLAN(wireless local area network card).The boss of this company is my schoolmate of junior high school , at the same time he is one of my best friends.
Due to the increasing number of customers during National Day , his small company is lack in staff.
So I turned into the free labor force .For me , I am happy to accept such challenge when I have to face the school life everyday.
Naturally, I start to work .
At the beginning , we arranged our display stand for showing our products.
We pulled-out the banner advertising above the stand ,displayed the products on the stand ,put the banner below the stand.
We started work after completing this preparation .
We went out to advertise in the form of giving out leaflet when there was not clients.
I received my first customer about 13 o'clock.
I showed him the welcome ,asked about his demand, then recommended the product he may want to him.
He thought over for a while, but given up finally.
I was disappointed that I didn't sale any product a total day , although I gained too much.
I knew lots of things about the wireless card ,at the same time I improved my braveness and the abilities of how to express myself and how to communicate with others.
All in all ,I learned much useful things .And such an experience which I first became a salesgirl is unforgettable.
I'm very glad to help you.
When I first learn English, I met with the same difficulties as yours.
We should always speak English in class and it's a good idea to spell and pronounce new words aloud every day.English stories are so interesting.I get to know a lot about the world through reading.Rearding English stories is a good idea.
Hope the above tips will help you.
In this picture, we can see that an aged woman whom stays at home alone.
Her children who may be busy working hardly have time to accompany her.
That makes her feel lonelier.
In my opinion, every child should be responsible for their parents not only for their life but also their mind.
In other words, children are supposed to have enough time to accompany their parents.
What the children do is not just because of the legal requirements.
Most importantly, when we were young, our parents worked so hard to raise us up that they hardly have time to do what they wanted.Thus, every child should be grateful to their parents and sincerely give them a happy life.
Some of us may not know how to make the aged person feel happy.
What I want to say is that to cheer aged people up is an easy job.
First, we can call out parents once for one or two days, which helps us know parents'feelings and shows that we are concerned about them.
Then, no matter how busy we are, we have to stay with them more than once a week.
We can go outside with them or just stay at home to help them cook a meal.
Finally, never argue with our parents.
What they do is always because they worry us.
Think of this point then we will find out that they love us more than we imagined.
Please don't let your parents become the aged person who lives a lonely life and take action to cheer them up right now.
One of my favourite great books is The Lost World, by Arthur Conan Doyle.
The story is set up in the Amazon-the biggest rain forest in the world, where full of creatures and crawled in danger.
This adventure story tells about the tale of four explorers, each with different characteristics with their journey in the lost world (an unknown place in Amazon).
Malone, the main character of this story, is a reporter whom works for the London Daily Gazette.
He wants to be famous, not only reports those boring things like weddings and flower shows.
And also he has always dreamed to start an exciting adventure, that's why he takes part in the journey.
Another character Lord John is a calm and shy man.
As a great explorer, he is curious a bout all kinds of exploring, so he goes with the group together.
The other two are professors, although they work as the same job, they see each other as enemies.
Challenger is the one who finds out the lost world, he is arrogant that he thinks he is always right.
In order to let others believe him, he decides to show them by himself.
He follows the group and becomes one of the team members.
Another one is Summerlee, he doesn't believe Challenger when he hears the things about lost world at first.
Until he comes with the group, he realizes that this time, Challenger is right.
He apologizes to Challenger immediately.
Because of many things, they get together to find out the mistery of Amazon.
The four of them get into many troubles during the survival, but they collect the most important thing-friend ship.
My favourite part of the book is when Summerlee apologizes to Challenger, they shake hands for the first time.
All of them are happy, in the picture of that part they smile sweetly.
I feel happy and warm when I read it.
The Lost World is a great book.
It is more than a short novel.
Conan Doyle describes the types of dinosaurs and even has mentioned about modern creatures, this story is full of professional knowledge of science.
It has come out as an exciting movie and the imagines of the creatures give us many critical thinkings.
Today, it is still read and loved by people all over the world, and it is thought to be one of the greatest British short stories.
There are various kinds of jobs in the world, but different people are attracted by different jobs because everyone has his own interest and destination.
As for me, to be an inventor in the field of cosmetic is my ideal career.
Firstly, I believe that all the people love beauty.
Furthermore, due to the air pollution, people will pay more attention to their skin.
Thus, a larger variety of efficient and safe cosmetic products is necessary in people's daily life.
Nowadays there are still some cosmetic products of very low quality.
Once my mum has used a hand-cream which was not suited to her sensitive skin, so she had no choice but to go to see the doctor.
If I am an inventor of cosmetic products, I will no doubt make every effort to make sure that all my products are safe for most people.
All in all, it is my honor, as an inventor, to bring the beauty and health to every consumer.
Friendship is one of the most important things in the world.
Friendship is the relationship that can keep you a happy mood, when you feel lonely.Friendship is the relationship that can bring two souls closely and make the two harts share the same thing.
Friendship is the magic that can bring two souls together.Friendship can free you from lonely.
The true friendship can help you realize your dream.It can also help you do something right.It can bring you happiness.The true friendship is selfless.Whenever you have difficult,they can help you.
The true friendship does no matter with age,class and nation.
The true friendship can be enduring and rewarding.
Everyone wants to be the most popular one at school.Some people even try to find the most popular one to be his or her friend just want to become the popular people in the eyes of others.
They try to do something to attract others and become popular.In this way,They gradually lost themselves in the world of others and do not know how to be themselves.Instead of seeking for the happiness inside their mind,they do something wrong with their friend.Finally,It will still be the trust and warmth from the friend help them get rid of this difficult position.I had read a story about the friendship of two little boys.
value their friendship,but just cared about himself and dreamed to be the most popular student at school.One day,he made an unintentional mistake.He was so afraid to admit it that he didn't tell anyone this thing.Instead,his friend who worked with him was thought to be the bad guy.In the end,the truth had been find out.The only good friend of him was so disappointed for him and left him.After his friend left him,he realized the mistake of himself and the importance of the friendship.
Friendship is based on the sincerity,cooperation and trust.
Nowadays, the phenomenon that a lot of students in the college copy or download papers from the Internet has aroused wide public concern.This kind of academic dishonesty is extremely harmful to the students.
In the first place, besides what can be learnt from the Internet, it is also of great significance for the college students to learn how to respect academic and the distribution of others.
Moreover, honesty is a virtue that we need not also in our life but also in academic.
Therefore, dishonesty will be opposed by employers and unpopular among people.
In the second place, college students will become lazier by downloading papers, which takes harmful effect to their form of thinking and gives detrimental influence for their habits.
In addition, college students have become adults and should have independent thoughts instead of downloading others' papers.
One who has not independent thoughts is lack of skills of distinguishing things and may be in a dilemma.
From the above analysis, academic dishonesty on campus is extremely harmful to the students.
It's high time that students take actions to against academic dishonesty.
From this essay, readers can realize the culture differences of different countries.
Each culture has its unique features.
Sometimes what we need to do is to respect for culture.
In today's society, with the improvement of people's living standards, more and more people start to go abroad, and contact with the outside world.
Unsurprisingly, people can experience the fun in the foreign culture.
For example, when the Chinese arrived in the United States, it is noticed that the domestic handshake etiquette turned into a hug and a kiss.
Although it is different from Chinese culture, everyone should go to adapt to the culture and customs of other countries into a different atmosphere.
In this essay, readers can see the culture of each place in people's hearts is deeply rooted.
Therefore, even when some people try to get used to other local cultures, they can only try to adapt to it, but can not be completely used to it as native people.
Sometimes it is not their private feelings, but in the eyes of others, they are always different people.
Nevertheless, every one of them still has to respect different cultures.
The world is just like a big family which is composed with different cultures.
In ancient times, world culture has become different because of the geographical division.
Respect for cultural diversity is sometimes a way of development of our own cultures, a country can learn an excellent place of other cultures.
At the time of the cultural exchange among countries, they must respect diverse cultures live together in peace and promote culture prosperity in the world.
As readers can get the information from the passage, the narrator's brothers who think boys cannot play with girls, or they will become sissy.
In the eyes of the boys, the girls are very fragile and can never be as strong as boys, and even playing games, the role of the girls will always be a loser.
It is not only the fault of the narrator's brothers.
They were deeply influenced by their national culture.
Perhaps this culture instilled the mistaken idea of their gender inequality, but just because it is traditional, which it would be difficult to change misconceptions.
Sometimes despite the fact that they are not necessarily corrected, the culture still ingrained in citizen's hearts.
At the same time, the readers can find that the narrator mentioned about her grandmother several times in this essay.
In the eyes of the narrator, her grandmother is a tough lady, and readers can understand that she is a religious person.
The old lady prayed every day, and read the prayer of the strange language.
Although the narrator thought her grandmother was a horrible person, and she understood her faith.
The narrator is still respecting the various behaviors of her grandmother, which also shows her respect of the Mexican culture.
Sometimes culture cannot be accepted by everyone, but the most important thing is to respect different cultures.
At the end of the essay, readers can learn that the narrator's brothers speak English, but they are always Mexicans.
It shows that even if a person learns from other cultures, he does not really become the people of the culture.
Original culture has ingrained in their hearts, and never changes even they encounter other cultures.
Everyone can not forget their own culture, while respecting other cultures are to promote artistic development.
Perhaps readers can understand that the culture is like a religion.
People are religious so they can put the culture in the heart.
Perhaps this is what the narrator's grandmother expected.
She wanted her children to grow up in other cultures while also never forgetting that they are Mexican.
Everyone should respect for diverse cultures if you have faith and love.
My favourite teacher is Mrs. Zhou .She is my English teacher in Junior high school .She wears a pair of glasses .
She's tall and thin She has rich in knowledge .She is really amusing and interesting .She always makes us laugh in the lesson .She's kind and patient ,and she explains English grammar so clearly that even I can understand it .And she never gets angry ,even when her students behave badly.She is very cares about the students and try to be one of us .So she is not only our teacher ,but also our best friend .I think a good teacher is like this.
Hello every classmates and teachers My name is T. L would like to talk my collage life with yours today.
The collage life is not scary at all.
If you want to achieve a nice collage times, you must do the following things.
At frist, we should to adjust oneself head.
Actively take active to go along with others .
secondiy, L think it is hardly to learn the collage knowledge.
then, we should use to jion the some active hold of the student.
At late, it is important for us to well to leard the major.
Nowadays,a variety of training classes has appeared in the society.However,some people think that it is no use attending such classes,others consider it necessary.
In my opinion,whether participating in training classes or not depends on many factors.If a student is eager to learn,wishing himself to reach a high level,recommending him to attend a training class to broaden his horizons is my selection.They are full of willpower to try to get better marks in different kinds of exams by enriching their knowledge.Nevertheless,even if the students who fail to study hard attend training courses instead of having a rest at home,supposing that they don't pay attention to what the teachers say and aren't able to keep pace with the speed,there is no need to go to the classes.Parents shouldn't force their children to spend the weekends being absent-minded in the classroom.It's undoubtedly a waste of time.Maybe it is a good choice to make them do homework and review at home.
Last but not least,training classes isn't possibly good for everyone.It's suitable only for those who not only want to learn,but want to improve themselves as well.Therefore,before you choose a training class,please think it over and choose the best way that you can accept.
Nowdady.There can be no doubt that English is one of the world's most widely used languages.But Lots of students think it is that because speaking is not important for them.But this is wrong.If you don't speak this no mean.
I think the reason from examination is text.because the text students start to pay attention to the fraction.And the children of parents value their scores rather than spoken English.They also do not pay attention to oral English.The problem is how we can do.This is a bad atmosphere.if we need to change the atmosphere that we must to know the importance of speaking.First why do we have to learn English?
My suggestion is that we should know the first target learn English.
We forget stundying English the first target.Then we need to practice speaking everyday and to use English to talk with foreigners.Last we should promote the importance of oral English to let more people know.Allow more people to attach importance to oral English study.
Through this article we recognize the importance of speaking.Don't hesitate to open, let us open our mouth to practice English.
This is to certify that Mis Susan Hobson has been working as your secretary for two years.
During her working,she was hard-working,responsible for working and honest so that she is completely competent in it.
Besides,her English and German are great, especially she is good at speaking their languages.
There is no doubt that she can work as a general translator.
If you want to the further enquires,please feel free to contact me at 123456789.
In the picture,A boy are talking to his father that he is a bit worried about disposing of nuclear waste,Then his father answered in a firm tone that if he can empty the dustbin here,he can do anything.From the drawing we can easily identify what the author intends to convey:Learning basic skills is very important ,which makes a great difference in doing superior works.
As an old saying goes,"A house is not,how can sweep the world".so,we should be well aware of the importance of small things.Actually,Doing small things well benefits for great works .From these small things,we will take anything more seriously than before .Besides,The basic skills are the foundation of great works.Therefore,It is necessary for us to do trifles.
In my opinion,To achieve our goals,we should do the followings when we are facing small things:First,A careful attitude is needed.Secondly,It is helpful to be a diligent person.Lastly but the most importantly,The greatly your goal is,the more skills your skills you should learn.In a word,If you want to achieve your goal,you had better learn basic skills at the start.
In my opinion ,science has both a positive side and a negative side.
On one hand ,science and technology are useful to human beings .For example,in daily life ,it brings us happy and convenient life;in medical treatment ;it helps us against various of diseases and so on.It is hard to image how our forefathers could do without so many conveniences that modern technology has brought about.
On the other hand,it can also result in disaster,such as First World Wars and Second World Wars.What's more,with the development of science,our environment are getting more and more worse in past years.
In all,I think we should have correct attitude towards science.
A few weeks ago, teacher showed a movie to us which named was penelope.
The movie made an impression on my mind.
They think Penelope is a monster, except for the hero"Max".
But it was observed that P and M already have a period of time.
If Max found out Penelope really faced when they first meet.
Max would run away like others.
This is the problem make an impression on my mind.
Some of people are Judge people by outward appearance.
We can't judge people by outward appearance.
It has nothing to do with the appearance AND I can't understand their way of thinking.
Penelpoe is an outstanding girl.
Admittedly, it is unwise to judge a person by their appearance.
So people should have more communication with others to find the beauty of they inner thought.
Welcome to NEUQ.
Our school is located in QinHaungDao city HaiGangQu district.
There are many interesting places on campus.
Among them, we should go to the library.
The library is located in the east gate of school.
The library is divided into three layers.
Each layer there is a large number of library collections.
All kinds of books neatly placed on the shelf.
Why do I must recommend to the library.
Because we can go to the library reading a book, taking you to understand Chinese history, geography and so on.
In a quiet atmosphere, I'm sure you can be more profound understanding of Chinese culture.
I'm looking forward to your arrival.
I hope I can bring you a wonderful trip.
Today what I want talk about is " what books should university students read".
Just like the great philosopher puts , histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
As far as I am concerned, what books should we read could be divided into following categories.
Firstly, professional books are essential.
They help us to earn a credit as well as gain a professional skill from which we can get a job in the future life.
Secondly, classic works also benefit us a lot.
They help relaxing our heart of tension, as well as help us to get a better understanding of the world we live in.
Thirdly, essay is also a necessary part of the books we ought to read.
They contribute to broaden our field ,and so did the magazine.
Lastly, the poems.
In my mind, whatever traditional poems or modern ones, both benefit our heart in some way.
They also help building our character, which could affect many aspects of our life-way in our future life.
To conclude, if you keep reading these sorts of books in the following 4 years, you will find yourself great different from the one now you are.
I'm glad to hear that you get on very well with you math teacher,Mr Green.Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
My favourite teacher is teaching us mathematics.The teacher is a very enthusiastic woman called Mrs Fu.My first impression of Mrs fu was that she was strict and friendly.Mrs Fu's method of teaching is nothing like other teachers.She thinks that the way to slove the problems is very important.She often tells us many ways to slove the same mathematical problems.So I like her very much,and I don't think I'll be bored in her class.Three days ago,I see a difficult problem,and I didn't know how to slove it.So I asked to Mrs Fu.She was very enthusiastic and told me how to slove it.I was very happy and I like her attitude very much.She was one of the best math teachers in our school.I think I'll make lots of progress with Mrs Fu's help.
He visited his teacher Cheng Yi.
He walked to Cheng Yi's house.
When he came out of his house,he saw Cheng Yi slept in his bedroom.
So Yang Shi told Cheng Yi's family and stood near the door.
The snow got heavily and heavily.
He felt very cold.
After a time ,Cheng Yi woke up,he heard his family said a man stood near the door and waited for you.
He ran out of the house and he saw a man stood in here.
In my weekend,I did much thing.
My mom was very happy last weekend,but I was tired.
Because I did too much housework around the our home,I help her a lot.
Because I help so a lot my mom that she relaxes a lot.
I was doing too much thing that I can not remember these.
But one thing I always did not forget,I remember it until today.
One day,my mom rest in home.
She ask me to did some housework.
""ok"I answered.
Nowadays, it is more and more population that students evaluate teachers.
And many schools have required to do like this.
Many individuals have the opposite opinion.
Maybe because it is unfair that only allows students to have an evaluation of their teachers.
It can also allow teachers evaluate their students.
It is more important to exchange thoughts of each other.
Then maybe they could relate to others.
Might it be negative if students' evaluations are personal attacks.
Some naughty students maybe do not attach importance, and then give the bad evaluations.
But in my opinion, might it be good for teachers to know themselves better.
For example, teachers can gather more information in relation to their students.
Then they can make a conclusion that whether continue or slow down.
Maybe they teach too fast.
And then most students can keep pace with their teachers.
Finally, students can acquire more knowledge from their teachers.
Teachers also can improve their own.
When I was a student of Wang Lou Middle School ,I was a very shy girl .I couldn't speak English aloud in the English class ,even.
Almost all the classmates thought that I was too quiet to communicate with.
I haven't changed my idea until I meet my English teacher .
He help not only my English but also my character .
It's he who help me open a door toward outside .
I still remembered the day which I met him for the first time .
"Good morning everyone " he spoke to us .
"Good morning , Mr. Wang" all the classmates answered accepted me .At that moment, he looked at me and asked " Can you tell me your name ?".
My face turned to red right now , "I, I, I'm " .
I still remembered that he didn't angry .
He said to me with very gentle voice .
From then on , he often asked me some questions in the class, and talked with me after class.
Now, I become lively and active.
He is my English teacher ,also my best friend .
I love him most.
With the development of the technology,lately years ,most college are expanding.As a result ,there are a series problem that the expansion of higher education lead to.
owing to the teaching facilities and accommodation capacities of many colleges are limited,it is unable to meet the demand of an ever-increaing number of the newly enrolled students.On the other hand,in the long run,hunting for a job will be tougher for the graduates.Besides,the everage quality of the fresh men is decling,which increase difficulity of education management.
For these reasons,we should look for some solution to solve these problem.First of all,we should establish different standard of higher education,in order that could meet the needs of national economic constrution.Second,it is a good way to strenghten the teachers and the constrution of infrastructure.However,intake expansion in unversities the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.Therefore,we should support the policy and the approach steadily.
As the development of human society,more and more energy are being needed to meet our daily need.And this has caused a variety of problems.
In order to keep our daily life and the development of our industries,we have to carry more energy from nature.But we have to be faced with the problem that our limited energy is in great shortage.Many countries are trying to take measures to solve the energy problem.
Some people believe that solve the energy crisis is to save.Because energy is limited,so the only energy conservation can benefit posterity and development of new energy is very difficulty and need a long time.Another part of people believe that development of new energy is the best way of solve the energy crisis.No matter how energy will used up.
As far as i am concerned,the best way of solve the Energy Problem is both above view.Not only should we save energy,but also need develop of new energy.Only in this way,can we create a new beautiful world.
Now,taking a part-time job is more and more popular to the collage students.A lot of students find a part- time job as a waiter or waitress,shop assistant in they spare time.It can let the collage students make some pocket money by themselves for their entertainment activities instead of asking for the money from their parents.It also can reduce the economic pressure of their parents.Another advantage is that taking a part- time job can let the students gain some experience about work.It must be helpful when the students go to find a job after the graduation.
Taking a part-time job can be beneficial but everything has the side effects.There are still some disadvantages of taking a part-time job.First you need to squeeze your time to take a job,have classes and do your homework.It will make you very busy and tired.It is not good to be sleepy during the classes.Second,taking a part-time job will make you have no time to do some reading or someting that can better yourself.We students need more time to concentrate on the study.Not only having classes but also read some books,learning something else by ourselves in our spare time.
Brightbase Technology Group (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, established in 2007, is located in Shenzhen City, with advanced management, advanced manufacture equipment, professional engineers, skilled workers and a strict QC team.
We offer superior quality products and excellent service.
We mainly deal with the wholesale trade of electronic products, such as MP3/4/5 players, Bluetooth products, flash memory cards, USB flash disks, laptop E-books and so on.
We enjoy the good reputation in this ...
Parents play a crucial role in our life.
They give us lives, and then bring us up.
However, what is the definition of good parents.
As far as I'm concerned, good parents are democratic, responsible and know how to teach their children correctly.
First of all, good parents are democratic..
They will value the children's ideas.
When they make decision for the children, they will ask the children's opinions at first, and exchange the opinion on both sides.
What's more, the democratic parents will give children enough freedom and private space.
They will not restrain us do what we like, provided what we do is legitimate.
They will us enough private space and they will not disturb you in your own space, and you don't need to worry they will examine your goods.
Then, good parents will have the sense of responsibility.
Good parents will try their best to work harder so that they can give us a good living circumstance and study condition.
In our world, there are some parents, although they give the children lives, they don't perform their duties.
For example, they gamble and drink; what's more, they may hit the children when they are angry.
Obviously such parents are not responsible.
Responsible parents will would rather they live hard than their children live hard.
They dedicate their lives just for their children can have a better life, and for this purpose, they can offer what they all have.
Finally, good parents know how to teach their children correctly.
good parents will not only teach their children's study, but also teach the children how to be a good man.
For study, good parents will make an effort to teach the children how to do the difficult exercises, and will often examine the children's homework or supervise their children finish the homework on time.
For life, good parents will set a good example for their children, and they will try their best to perform their best side to their children, such as honest, friendly, and if things go on like this, these behaviors will have a great influence on children, they can be also be such persons .
In conclusion, the meanings of good parents are democratic, responsible and know how to teach their children correctly.
With the development of our country,the way of our life changes a lot.
In the past people have a tough life.The most basic food and clothing are a problem to them.Many people have to starve to death.But now,people have a comfortable and happy life.Many delicious food they can choose to eat,many beautiful clothes they can choose to wear.They need not worry about they will starve to death and freeze to death.
evening.Later,television took over.Of course,most families had just one set.Today,television and computers bring a dizzying array of entertainment into the home.People can see movies,cartoons,sports and so on.
They can sing a song in KTV and dance on the ballroom.In a word,there are many kinds of entertainment.
Though we have a rich and colorful life,the way we live make the warmth of family reduce.
Frankenstein is a film which was directed by James Whale.It is one of the most famous horror films.
Frankenstein is the name of a clever scientist.While studying at university,he discovers the secret of how to create life.Then he starts to try.After his hard work,he creates a creature that resembles a human being.But the creature is very ugly.
There are many scars on his face.And because of this,he terrifies everyone who sees it.He is kind but he does not have any friends.He feels very lonely and unhappy.Then he asks Frankenstein to create a beautiful woman for him,but Frankenstein refuses.The creature is very angry,so he murders Frankenstein's brother,Frankenstein's best friend and finally,Frankenstein's new wife Elizabeth.Frankenstein chases the creature to the Arctic in order to kill him,but he dies there.At the end of the story,the creature ends his own life in the ice and snow.
It is a good film.It tells us that we must obey the rules of the nature or we will be punished by the nature.
China is an ancient civilization with a history of thousands of years.
Under the historical precipitation, more and more traditional art forms appear in people's life.
Painting, calligraphy, paper-cut, shadow play, embroidery, facial makeup, traditional Chinese medicine and so on.
They are extremely rich and brilliant.
This is the precious wealth of China, is the precious wealth of the world.
In all traditional Chinese art forms,calligraphy should be the most familiar things for us.We began to learn to write Chinese characters at an early age.Chinese calligraphy is an ancient Chinese handwriting art.Because of Chinese characters,Chinese calligraphy is different from other kinds of calligraphy.In the germination period of calligraphy,there were Oracle, Jinwen, Dazhuan and Xiaozhuan .Then, there are Lishu, Caoshu, Kaishu, Xingshu and so on.Chinese calligraphy became our national flag,and Chinese calligraphy shows the charm of Chinese culture and art.
Another well-known art form is paper-cut.It has a history of more than two thousand years.Paper-cut originated in the north, because the weather in the north is dry,so the paper is easy to save.In ancient times,people use paper-cut to worshiping ancestors or blessing.Later,paper-cut also appeared in the Spring Festival or wedding occasions.And people cut out some auspicious patterns to stick them on the window or other places.
Traditional Chinese medicine is also famous in the world.The efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine is slower than western medicine.But,the side effects of traditional Chinese medicine are small.
Traditional Chinese art has diverse forms.Those are all our the crystallization of the wisdom of the laboring people.Traditional Chinese art is a great creation.It is irreplaceable.It has great significance for our nation.
Today I watch a meaningful and moving which is named Still Alice.
This movie mainly tells us about a woman who has memory problem,so she will forget things in a short time.But she is a teacher,so the problem made her get into trouble.But at last ,she overcame this problem by herself and gave a successful lecture.
In the film,I have learnt whether you could overcome the problem or not is decided on whether you want to overcome and make up your mind to overcome it or not.
The hero Frankenstein is engaged in people's life scientific research and tries hard to use artificial method to create life.
He eventually creates an ugly monster.
At the first, the monster full of good will and thanksgiving towards people.
However, he feels disappointed when he is always discriminated by other people.
So he decides to ruin everything Frankenstein has.
He kills everyone have relationship with Frankenstein.
At the last of the film, he and the monster both end life in Antarctica.
The most moving part was when the monster said, he was my father, but he has never gave me a name.
Friend, father, family were the themes the movie showed;the monster spent his whole life looking for these things since he learned the three words from a poor family.
He hope to be friend with human, but they misapprehend and scared him.
His creator, Frankenstein, who is also avoid and dislike him.
The monster, lives all alone, he asks Frankenstein to create him a wife in exchange with not to kill Frankenstein's wife.
However, he has never in possession of what he dreamed of.
The captain answers.
Hi,my name is L. I like traveling very much.
Last year,I went to London with my family.
We went there by bus.
The weather there was wet and a little cool.
We visited many interesting museums.
I learned a lot from the museums.
Nonetheless the only problem was that the food there was not very delicious.
But the food in Beijing was very delicious.
This year, I went there with my friend.
We had the train there.
The weather there was very cold.
We went to many places like The Great Wall,The Palace Museum and Tian'anmen Squere.
They were so beautiful that I want to go there again.
Though the picture,we can see a father asked his daughter how her school life today.Unlike when she was a child, she didn't say a lot with his father face to face.But let her father to visit her blog.
In modern society,people accustomed to using the Internent to communicate with othersand reduced the amount of time to communicate with people face to face.I think the Internet on Interpersonal Communication has great influence on our lives.
The Internet on Interpersonal Communication has the advantage and disadvantage .Advantage is it to break the bondage of the space and people's communication more convenient.People can know more imformations for their firends through the Internent.Of couse ,they can make more friends to share their daily life .But Internet reduce the time to communicate with people face to face .So people become unfamiliar in real life.
I think we can use the Internet on Interpersonal Communication corretly.
Three days paid-holidays is given to works for the Labor Day,but there is a strong call for the return of the one-week holiday as before.In my point of view, I prefer the second one.Here are some reasons about the importance of the one-week holiday.
To a certain extant,one-week holiday can reduce the pressure of work, so that people become more energetic in the later work.
In my personal opinion, seven days is also a chance and the relationship between parents and children.
Busy work and study pressure let us become unfamiliar.
These days, we can travel with them and talk about some interesting things, make them feel no longer lonely by ourselves.
The last reason is that as the growth of the vocation, tourism also get development, it will aiso drive the tourism city economic growth.
Nightingale born in Italy on May 12, 1820.
She grew in a rich family and she had a good education.
She chose the nurse as her profession in 1850.
But the nurse in the past time was the most cheapest profession.
So her parents didn't want her to be a nurse.
But she insisted it.
.In 1853, Britain, France, and other countries of the outbreak of the Crimean War with Russia.
Nightingale went to the first line.
She took care of the injured soldiers everyday.
She passed away in 1910.
Now the whole world to make the International Nurse' day on May 12 to thank her for her pay.
I like Jerry's family life.
Because I think Jerry's life is very warm.
And you will never feel lonely.
Although it sometimes will feel crowed,but mind,it is very lively.
My mum,my dad and my sister are my family members.
I don't have many possessions,just have a mobile phone.
What's more I often help my parents to do some housework.
I wash my own clothes and clean the room by myself.
We have many family activities such as,go shopping,take trips and so on.
We always have meals together.
I love all my family very much.
We are very close and often encourage each other.
It's of great benefit to your English speaking and listening .
Furthermore, it's a good chance to develop a habit of reading.
Everyone's speech lasts no longer than 5 minutes.
You should be fluent in Engligh and pronounce correctly.
Above all, your speech must arouse other's attention and leave a deep impression on them.
From my point of view, we should take the apportunity to exchange ideas and make the competition meaningful.
Wish it a big success.
Thank you.
Nowadays most college students spend too much money every month.
We do not earn money and their parents would pay for the costing.
Because of this condition, when we run out of our cost of living, we will ask for more and more.
As you see, a big number of students are free from the senior high school.
We need time to adapt the university life.
It is a completely different experience.
At this point, we can't resist the temptation, just do what we want to do.
We buy the latest style laptops,the new mobile phones,the fashionable clothes and so on.
We also waste money on the Internet games.
That's why college students' expense is growing up.
If considering things carefully before doing it, then we will find that lots of things are unworthy.At first we can make a list on paper to show up the check this month.
By this way, we could calculate how much we have wasted.Next we can make a plan for the month so that you can lay out designedly.
At last we should make sure that each penny you have spent does make sense.
As a freshman, we should learn to plan the cost and spend our money wisely.
There is a leisure time in what I can do in my national holiday.Firstly.
I reviewed my economical theory and business English.
I had lots of knowledge I can not understand which makes confuse me.
At the same time I circled them in my book to ask my teacher.
Secondly, I began to do some housework with my partner.
And I feel a lot of funny things from labor.
To do more labor not only can enhance us quality of body but also know how hard parents are.
By contrast my classmates spent their time on play games.
I think that they waste of their time.
In the modal competitive environment nothing is more important than to study.
Thirdly.
I browsed quantities of news from TV.
In spite of it is hard to understand,I learned them totally.
After then my sister visited me around a park named Qingcheng.
We had a good time to visit the park and the museum.
In particular The Qingcheng park is so beautiful compared with others.
It is undeniable that with the remarkable improvement of person's living standards more and more people are fond of journey.
Eventually.
I enjoyed myself at that time.
I spent my national holiday on what some good items what I did.
Welcome to the Earth!My honor guest!When you observe the planet from your flying saucer,you will find it beautiful and full of vigor.I'm sure that all of you would be deeply attracted by the lovely blue planet.
However,the Earth is not as healthy as it looks like.Our planet is sick!There are some pressing problems on our planet I wish to discuss with you.
First,I want to raise the problem of pollution.With the growing development of science and technology,our people have enjoyed the convenience,but our planet has suffered a lot from the serious pollution.Nowadays,we can drive or take a plane to wherever we want to go.We can use high-tech electronic appliances to complete whatever we want to do.To fulfill our demands,the cars are polluting the air,the industry is polluting the water,the great amounts of trees are being cut down and the severe problems of land-desertification.As a result,our planet is being gradually exhausted!What we have done is outsmart ourselves.
The second problem is population.The more people are born,the more resources are consumed.Now,there are more than 6 billion people living on the planet.And the population is growing at a high speed.In the near future,our planet will be overweighed.What's worse,there is no enough resources supporting us!
Finally,the number of endangered animals is reducing.Without a suitable environment,rare animals would hardly survive.What's more,in the wild,the animals are being killed by some poachers on a large scale.
As far as I'm concerned,the main reason for these problems is human being.People wanted to get huge profits from the mother Earth primarily.On the reverse,we get disasters.What's your opinion,my dear E.T.
With reference to your letter dated May 23 2015, we are deeply sorry over the unfortunate incident.
We regret to tell you that we decline a claim.
We think there are not our mistakes.
We put enough of 500 sets of office supply before two days of latest shipment date to shipping company.
Based on the immediate investigation we made, it is believed that the mistakes are due to the shipping company delay the sailing date.
We enclose a copy of B/L for you.
Therefore we find no grounds to compensate you for the loss.
We await hearing from you.
Somebody think students should get online.The reasons are as follows.First,students can get knowledge and broaden our minds online,so we will spend more time on study.We also communicate with our friends and share our knowledge with them.It is good for our study.What is more,students sometimes amuse themselves.As a result,their conclusion is:the Internet is good for students.
The reasons are forceful,but different people have different opiniions.The others think students should not get online.First,they think the working screen is harmful to students' syes.Besides,many students lose themselves in chatting and computer games.It waste their time and mind.They think students won't work hard with getting online.
In my opinion,students should use the Internet in a right way.Students should study hard on the Internet and avoid losing themselves online.students can relaxthemselves,too.
I,m happy to hear that you want to teach English in China.
Now I want to introduce a job to you.
If you do it, you need to work as long as a term.
On the one hand, you must teach two classes spoken English and teach classes tenth a week.
On the other hand, you need to organize English activities out of class in our school 10 times.
In addition,You can get your salary 4000 every month,and the free ticket for your arrival and return.
At last,you also can sleep freely in the dormitory.
You want to do it, please dial 02000000000.
It is well-known to us that English more and more essential,so dictation words become very significant.
Nowadays not a few students take no count of the English spell.It is appearing this phenomenon I think it is because students feel dictation words very boring and difficult.However they hate it.So they just remember the meaning and the character pattern for deal with the examination.
In my opinion,in order to address this problem,the teachers should allow students to practice,get students to write some essay,diaries,and so on.To let students knows the importance of spelling,spelling also remember when they consciously remember the words.In addition the school should carry out many English activities for improve students remember the word's positivity.
With the arrival of new age, money is becoming more and more important in our life.
Affected with this trend, many people come to believe that money is everything.
But their belief could not arouse any echo in my mind.
It is true that money is a key ingredient in one's life.
On any scale of society , in fact, there is almost nothing more important than money.
If we see money in its ture colors, however, it is nothing but some paper that we use to buy something,but we can not buy everything with that.Besides money doesn't always go with happiness.
And moreover, laying any unlimited desire on seeking money may lead one to cost his life or reputation, as can be easily seen in the cases of many corrupt officials.
Therefore, it is necessary to take a correct attitude towards money.
On the one hand,we should earn money to live, rather than live to earn money.
On the other hand, it is ture that we can't live without money, but we should never reach for it in the public pocket.
In sum,money just means how much we can buy but not everything to our life.
The summer vacation is going to be over , and I have spended a meaningful holiday with my family , my schoolmate , and my lovely friend of the First Special Squadron of Taiyuan.
This is my internship place , which is located in south of Taiyuan.This squadron is the best squadron of my hometown , which has the best equipments and most experience , at the same time , they take the most danyerious and difficult missions.Everone of this squadron is strong and smart .
They are the king of soilders .
I spend three weeks here and make a lot of friends.Also I learn a lot about my work environment and skills .
I find that this is a really dangerious job .We must stay concentrate in fire , or we may be in dangerious .Safety is the first problem .
After my internship , I know that I still have a lot of things to learn .And I am keeping notice myself that:keep learning!
We have pleasure in informing you that shipment of the goods under Sales Confirmation NO.J-29 has been made on board S/S "Pearl".Then "APOLO"will intead of ''pearl'' on HongKong.
About the system by CFR transactions.We have faxed in March 2013 15 to you, so that you will cover in time.
Thank you.
With the wide use of the Internet, the way that people go shopping and live their lives has vastly changed.
Many businesses have websites which permit people to do online shopping, execute deals and finish transactions online, as an alternative to a lengthy commute.
Although people are thus free from the constraints of geography and time, there are some consequences of this trend that needs attention.
Supposedly, with Internet access, people are able to do shopping and to perform transactions without leaving home, but meanwhile they have to pay a heavy price for it.
One of the worst aspects is, for instance, which it alters their social behaviours and habits.
For many people, to spend part of the day on the Internet is quite normal.
It can be expected that being addicted to Internet use, most of home telecommuters or Internet users will become socially isolated.
Poor social life and feelings of loneliness are those problems that are very often found among heavy users.
It is also likely that people have become increasingly accustomed to living in a world that appreciates convenience and inactivity and they do not want to evade those maxims.
It gives explanations of why the sedentary lifestyle is now prevailing and why people spend a little time on leisure or recreational activities.
Time has been spent in front of the computer or Internet.
The net result is that they suffer serious loss of vision, back pain and obesity.
It is true that many people finally end up with struggling with deteriorating health.
However,people's leisure lives are continually eroded also because of ubiquity of modern technological tools(e.g.
computers with Internet access and telecommunications equipment).It is noteworthy that people now take fewer and shorter vacations following the increase in the number of technology-based activities.People are more stressed than any generation before.
Meanwhile,people now have to engage in doing more everyday actions than ever before,such as shopping,food ordering,and so on.It seems that the time budget is burdened because more time should be invested in activities that were previously ignored or unnoticed.
Despite the negative effects, the Internet has its positive implications to the well-being of society.
Online shoppers are able to seek out the lowest prices for items or services.
Manufacturers, therefore, have to improve product quality and lower price levels in an effort to win the favour of consumers and secure a stable market share.
Telecommuting-working at home using a computer is a solution to traffic congestion, the urban air pollution and petrol use.
As outlined above,people's growing obsession with the Internet use,such as online shopping or banking,has both immediate and long-term impacts on health,social involvement,lifestyles and emotional well-being.Although it is of great value from a net surfer's perspective, people should step up efforts to minimize the negative effects.
There,is,many,funny,place,in,out.school.for,example,the,football,playground,the,classroom,the,experiment,room,but.my,favorite,place,is,school,read,room,our,school's,reading,room,is,very,big,and,it,is.in,the,center,of,the,school,classroom,is,very,lick,there,is,a,beautiful,garden,in,front,of,it,and,bright,after,class,you,can,go,inside,and.pick,out,one,of,your,favourite,book,to,read.There,are,so,many,books,that,you,don't,know,which,one,you,should,read,first.
Lying in the sun, satisfied, but uncovered, he is considered a lunatic by strangers.
Never mind, he does not care about what the other said.
You might have heard the name of the person -Diogenes.
Just live like a dog, which is a description of cynicism, may sound inaccurate.
You may be astonished at the person, even the title.
You may have many questions, such as what's the cynicism and how to live like a dog.
Don't worry, I would like to share some of my views with you, and hope that would make a positive effect on your life.
Some people always make a connection between cynicism and pessimism, and they think people who is bored with their life might seek for another way to live.
They believe nothing, any pursuing, religions, faith and other subjective idealism are not existing.
In their world, morality is the only standard.
They do what they want and what they like just for fun.
They want nothing but happiness, even love is not believable in their mind.
Actually, there are two types of cynicism.
One is a theory, where people care only about themselves and are not sincere or honest, they think nothing will be successful and useful, while another point out that the cynicism is the attitude or behavior of someone who is willing to let other people be harmed in order to get an advantage.
However, I disagree with neither of them.
Never mind what the others said on the way to success, this is exactly what I appreciate in the theory of cynicism.
But in some ways, we must have our own faith, which may remind us of what we are chasing for, our dreams and figuring out what's the right way.
So it is necessary to have our own belief.
But we also need to learn from the spirit of cynicism in some ways.
Live like a dog, but don't live like a dog completely, this is a great wisdom.
Hello,my name is X.I'm studying in P Polytechnic Institute.I come from a poor city in P Y!
I have a warm and sweet family.
My father was my mother's classmate.
They study ed in the same school.
They pay a lot for us and they work hard everyday to support the big family.
It is my father who thinks highly of my health.
He told me to err is human, to forgive, divine, and he let me realize the importance of getting well with others.
I love my father extremely.
I have a little brother and a little sister.
My grandma,an old woman,can make a lot of delicious food, so we can enjoy all kinds of delicious food.
I'm an outgoing girl, I enjoy a great variety of kinds of activities and my favourite food is French fries.
I like reading and singing.
I often go to the KTV with my friends.
My favourite sports is playing badminton.
My topic today ishow to live a low-carbon life.
To stop global warming we should make immediate and continual efforts right now.energy conservation and emission reduction.
Then,changing our habir in ourdailylife.We should use more clean energy and less coal and oil.When we left room,turing off the light.
In addition to,use the public transport or ride your bicycle instead of driving private cars if possible when we travel somewhere.It's beneficial to save usage of fuel.
As l'm concerned,if we don't take any measures,global warming will further damage to our life.Therefore,try to your bestto improve the situation.
When I look at the title,I think of Thomas Alva Edison immediately.Thomas Alva Edison who invent more than 1000 things is known as "The king of the world inventions".
When he was young,he had taken only the three months of primary school.But he liked considering problems deeply and his mather taught him of much knowledge.When he was growing,his curiosity made him keep on thinking unknown problems.In addition,hard-working and Good mental state made his inventions more smoothly.His creation for human civilization and progress made great contribution.
As Thomas Alva Edison reputedly said,genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.Owing to the sentence,I know the real meaning of the creation,creating is not only needing a good mind,and is also needing more constant hard work and hard pay.
Chinese learning style is different from western learning style.Chinese learning style emphasize bazheshoujiao--"teaching by holding his hand".When an adult watch child drop key through a slot into a box clumsily and uncertainly.The adult guided him with extreme facility and gentleness in precisely the desired direction.The Chinese were not just molding and shaping Benjamin's performance in any old manner :In the best Chinese tradition,they were bazheshoujiao--"teaching by holding his hand--so much so that he would happily come back for more.
As a coin has two aspects,Chinese learning style has advantages and disadvantages.On the one hand,since the child is neither old enough nor clever enough to realize the desired action on his own what possible gain is achieved by having him struggle?He may well get frustrated and angry --certainly not a desirable outcome.Why not show him what to do?He will be happy,he will learn how to accomplish the task sooner,then he can proceed to more complex activities,like opening the door or asking for the key--both of which accomplishments can in due course be modeled for him as well.On the other hand,young Chinese being almost inseparable from the tradition,but over time,possibly evolving to a point equally original.Creativity of children are not developed.
In my opinion,there is enormous creativity to be found in Chinese scientific,technological and artistic innovations past and present.When any innovation is examined closely,its reliance on previous achievements is all too apparent.We can gather,from the Chinese and american extremes,a superior way to approach education,perhaps striking a better balance between the pole of creativity and basic skills.
I'm L.How is it going?Do you remember our encounter at Junior Language Learning Camp last year?That was really a wonderful experience and I had a good time.Above all,our school will hold a learning camp recently.So why don't you come here and take part in our activity?
Our learning camp will be very exciting.And we wll show you around our city,learn about the family life in china and do some other interesting activities.I'm sure you'll enjoy yourself in this camp.
Except that ,if you will come,I will take you to some other beautiful places in Tianjin,and eat some delicious food.Come and join us!
Many people think that it's necessary to held a test of spoken English,they think many students are good at written examination but still weak in oral test,oral English test is an important and effective way for Chinese students to improve.
Only a little people stand on different side.Although spoken English is a basic skill that every student should master,they think that spoken English test will increase the burden for students.
In my opinion,there is famous saying,every coin has two sides.The oral test will let students to waste much time in preparing test,but also is a great motive power to learn oral English well.It's obvious that the test of spoken English is necessary.
How time flies since I have arrived at Chongqing University .I have been stuying here for nearly a month.What'more ,I have adaptted to this new environment,since people aroud me are so friendly.
I always go to the school libtrary .Now reading has become my another hobby .Like the saying goes'Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
'i think ,in some way ,what we read makes what we are.
In the past years, most of my knowledge has been obtained from books.
I have learned from many people by reading about their ideas on scithee, politics, life and society.recently i feel like reading peots,especially the poets of haizi,they make me feel calm ,although sometimes make me feel dispair and blue.I am also interested in logic books ,while in fact ,i don not always understand what the authers say in the book .In my mind ,we university studengts should read more books to expand our knoeledge.for example ,we can read books on history,from them we can get veluable experience that we can not get from reality .We can also read some famous literatures to have a touch with the masters.
It is time for me to go to bed.
As we all know,with the increase of college students,college students quality can not be guaranteed.Some people have bad habits.
Because of the lack of certain management,some people become lack of discipline.College students away from their duty,become decadent.Such as stay up late,consumption,addicted to the game.This will not only abandoned their studies,but aslo lost their will,to some extent destory their bodies.it is not like a college student should look like.
College students should focus on their studies,and occasionally go to the play ground play to relax,and students communicate more to improve my classmate relationship.
I'm L,monitor of Class One,Grade Eleven.
On behalf of our school,I'd like to give warmest welcome to you.
T is a beautiful city with a long history.
The climate in Tianjin is fine and fit for living.Due to the fact that people here have passion for food,Tianjin is famous for its delicious food.
Our class is a big family.Students are willing to help others.Their fluency in English guarantees you to communicate with each other smoothly.I'm convinced that you will get accustomed to our school life easily.To promote understanding and friendship between American students and Chinesestudents,you can exchange your ideas about china with our students.
Please don't hesitate to contact me at any time.
The meaning and technique of the film cannot fully and ultimately be separated.
That's only through the acquisition of techniquethat you could express what is meaningful.
And it's only through the meaningthat's expressed by thetechnique,that something really becomes a work of art.If you don't master technique.
That is a matter of degree, too.
And it's worthless, it's sheer garbage, if it isn't supported by adequate kind of technique.
There isn't a rigid splitbetween entertainment and art.
Nothing wrong in high art, classic art.
Being entertaining shouldn't be dreary, and if anything is clearlyfull of purposes of entertaining and it's done well enough,it becomes an art.
First of all, the film is the image, it's not limited stay paint artist limited by the color, the brush and so on.Besides, there are sound in film which can be very powerful.
What's more, there is ending, special effects and the experience of watching film is very different from other media.
That's unique to film.
Finally, one of the greatest power of film to me it's just socially pervasive and acceptable.
