For example,family members usually get together.
People would have a big dinner with my families.
People who work far away from their homes will try to come back for the union.
After dinner,they often enjoy the beautiful moon which is round and bright.
We also eat moon cakes and fruit while we are enjoying the full moon.
The moon is bigger and rounder on this day.
They can look back on the past and look forward to the future together.
It is said that there was a dragon in the sky.
The dragon wanted to swallow up the moon.
To protect the frighten the dragon away.
In the mid-Autumn festival,my parents and I are all very happy and excited.
I'm head of the school newspaper, now urgently needs to hire a student in school as an English editor.
English editor's main work includes two parts:First of all from English newspapers and magazines and the Internet to choose articles which is suitable for the students to read.In addition select and edit the classmate's contributions.
Want to apply for the students to meet the following two requirements:Firstly hope is willing to sacrifice their spare time classmate services for students.Sevondly good at English and art and can use the computer well.
Anyone interested in the job please contact with the students's union this week.
Some of us will give a beautiful scene of our future lives, but the movie named Wall.E gives us another description.
In the year of 2700, the earth is polluted by human beings who have already moved to other planet.Wall.E, a kind of robot which is sent to collect the garbage on the earth, with the time going by and the erosion of harsh environment, a large number of robots are not suitable for the harsh environment, only W works day by day.Until one day, a robot named Eve comes to the earth to find green plant.From the day they meet,the trip begins.
The movie tells us a love story between robots.In the real world, love is limited by many things, but love between robots is pure and innocent.They can't talk,so it's difficult for them to communicate.W cannot express his feelings to Eve by words,but through his action,we can feel the love from W.At the end of the movie,W and Eve hand in hand to welcome the rebirth of earth.In addition, the movie warns us that we must protect our earth right now.If we do nothing in this condition,the scenario described in the movie will happen to us.
The majority can not always avoid being influenced by the stereotype.
Besides, not everyone who has different thoughts has the courage to stand out.
With such reasons, the opinion of the majority easily tends to be a poor guide.
The novel To Kill a Mockingbird exemplifies that convincingly.
Harper Lee, the writer of To Kill a Mockingbird, won the Nobel Prize in Literature.
The characteristics of the main characters were portrayed expressly.
Atticus Finch, a small town lawyer in a white southern town, is charged with defending a black man who named Tom.
Tom is accused of raping a white girl.
In despite of the derision, threats and ostracism from the majority in town, Atticus does not let these obstacles get in his way and still defends for Tom.
Although Tom does not convince the jury to acquit the defendant, does convince the people of the town that Tom is innocent with Atticus' persistent and brilliant defense.
The determination to defend for Tom is motivated neither by fame, money nor power.
Atticus does it because of own faith in true.
The opinion of majority proved to be wrong in the novel.
Everybody else in that white southern town except Atticus and his two children does not came out to tell the truth.
This is because at that time, racialism appeals very often in South where most of black people do the inferior jobs.
Children are told not to respect black people when they know nothing and have no own critical thinking.
Racialism fused in the local culture, therefore when a man does not follow the crowed, he will receive an ugly outcome.
The way others think influenced a lot.
Even though there is someone approving Atticus' thought, because of the pressure, he finally gives in and joins in the army against the truth.
Thus, the opinion of the majority is a poor guide.
Nowadays, racialism is appeased, however there are still some stereotypes existing.
People are supposed to ignore the opinion of the majority and have own critical thinking.
By doing this, truth is able to expose, and we critical thinkers can escape from being ignorant.
Dear Mr. su i didn't bring my rough draft of this composition to the Electricity classroom, this time just try how to use this website.
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci was an Italian Renaissance polymath: painter, sculptor, architect, musician, mathematician, engineer, inventor, anatomist, geologist, cartographer, botanist, and writer.
His genius, perhaps more than that of any other figure, epitomized the Renaissance humanist ideal.
Leonardo has often been described as the archetype of the Renaissance Man, a man of "unquenchable curiosity" and "feverishly inventive imagination".
He is widely considered to be one of the greatest painters of all time and perhaps the most diversely talented person ever to have lived.Marco Rosci states that while there is much speculation about Leonardo, his vision of the world is essentially logical rather than mysterious, and that the empirical methods he employed were unusual for his time.
Born out of wedlock to a notary, Piero da Vinci, and a peasant woman, Caterina, in Vinci in the region of Florence, Leonardo was educated in the studio of the renowned Florentine painter, Verrocchio.
Much of his earlier working life was spent in the service of Ludovico il Moro in Milan.
Leonardo was, and is, renowned primarily as a painter.
Among his works, the Mona Lisa is the most famous and most parodied portrait and The Last Supper the most reproduced religious painting of all time, with their fame approached only by Michelangelo's The Creation of Adam.Perhaps fifteen of his paintings survive, the small number because of his constant, and frequently disastrous, experimentation with new techniques, and his chronic procrastination.Nevertheless, these few works, together with his notebooks, which contain drawings, scientific diagrams, and his thoughts on the nature of painting, compose a contribution to later generations of artists rivalled only by that of his contemporary, Michelangelo.
Leonardo is revered for his technological ingenuity.
He conceptualised flying machines, a tank, concentrated solar power, an adding machine,and the double hull, also outlining a rudimentary theory of plate tectonics.
Relatively few of his designs were constructed or were even feasible during his lifetime,but some of his smaller inventions, such as an automated bobbin winder and a machine for testing the tensile strength of wire, entered the world of manufacturing unheralded.He made important discoveries in anatomy, civil engineering, optics, and hydrodynamics, but he did not publish his findings and they had no direct influence on later science.
Chances favor the prepared mind.
I totally agree with this kind of points.
For the example, every college student has been in senior high school for at least three years.
What the section stand for, I think, is to let high students do more preparation for the college entrance examination.
The better students' preparation was, maybe the higher marks they would gain.
There is an old set phrase, in China, saying that "hide one's capacities and bide one's time".
A prominent emperor, like Han Emperor Wudi, always went along with the old phrase.
Most people could know the fact that, in ancient China, battles were never stopping.
An intelligent emperor would make his soldiers rest for a couple of days, and send some beauties and spirits to treat his army after the battle ended, especially when his army conquered his enemy's.
At this time, emperors strongly believed a saying that a little more hidingcapacity might be wise.
What's more, in this way, the army could have more time to prepare for the next battles.
Army provisions, weapons and every kind of necessities must be getting ready for the battles coming.
The condition of their provisions played a very important role in the war.
It evidenced that chances favor the prepared mind.
However, if one person only has a goal, but he does not do any effect.
He is just dreaming a dream.
No matter what chances are, preparation is essential part of them.
Before you apply for position, you need a CV;before you take part in an exam, you must review your textbooks; and even before you get married, you first must have a girlfriend or boyfriend.
So, let's come to a conclusion that chances do favor the prepared mind.
In order to do great things, we have to perfect the small things.
As we can see in the picture, a boy is worried about disposing of unclear waste.
His father is standing by and saying,"If you can empty the dustbin here, you can do anything.
Furthermore, the dustbin is behind them.
The picture is transmitted to us that if we want to do great things or become famous person, we have to pay attention to small things and perfect them.
First, small things are foundation for great things.
For small things, we can learn patience and careful.
If only someone is patience and careful, he will have foundation for great things.
Second, details determine success or failure.
Great things are made up small things.
Just like lots of famous people, they become famous and success because they pay attention small links.
For example, LeiFeng was famous for helping others on small things.
By contrary,if a person ignores small things , he can't do well on great things.
So ,we have to try to perfect the small things.
For our collage students , perfect the small things is our first step of studying and working.
So let's focus on every small things in our life.
We just studying hard at every vocabulary, every article.
To do well on small, we will be great in the finally.
During our childhood, we have seen many historical dramas.
Such as about the Tang dynasty or the Ming dynasty.
The emperor is God, he supervises all.
He has right to put anyone who has done something illegally to death.
That is the death penalty.
Now the death penalty still exist.And the masses are talking about whether or not the death penalty is a step backwards, whether it should exist.
Some people firmly think that the death penalty should be cancelled.For it is very cruel.
We should learn as the New Zealand abolish the death penalty for murder in 1941 to repeal the death penalty.
Everyone would regret, even the criminal, too.
They may repented of what they have done.
We should do something to help them escape prison and give them a choice to a turn over a new leaf.
However others think that they must answer for what they have done.
When they do such cruel to victims, who are guiltless, are they thought of the consequence.
They are only thinking to fulfil the needs of their own and ignored others' emotions.
We sympathize with them because of their repentance, but who come to sympathize with the victim's family.
We could not punish the felons, but the law is fair, only the law could sentenced to their death in order to balance the society.
As for me, I think this problem has two sides.
On the one hand, if the criminal did not mean to murdered someone and he is really want to compensate the victim's family.
After negotiating with victims' families and getting their permission.
The judge can consider absolving the them from blame.
On the other hand, if they have no regret what they have done.
They will be sentenced to death and we should not feel sympathy.
Everyone should liable for what he has done.
As far as I considered, the death penalty is not a step back.
It gives those who want to break the law a warning.
If they think that their activities only get a little bit of punishment, so they are woefully wrong.
I have no idea why my English teacher always give us an extremely cordial feeling.Her smile ?Encouraging the language?
I also remember the sense of the first English writing class.She asked us to guess her name when she introduced herself .
"Heavy and chean".Of course ,we know it.
Although she looks quite emaciated, her class with the abundant energy.Sometime she shared her interesting things.We also talked about lift at leisure time.On one occasion, I made jokes on others in class.After that she asked me ,"what are you laughing?
All of us became silent suddenly.She went on saying,"It dose not matter ,we can learn with joy".Finally,we realized our mistakes.
In spite of we haven't been too many exchanges between ,but I still think she is much kind.
School is where we spend most of daytime and is the place where we first touch the society.
After a tiring class,we put down the pen,close the books ,wipe the eye and try to stretch ourselves to conform each part of our bodies.
At a quick glance,some students are too tired to keep their eyes open so they choose to have a short sleep,part of the rest are willing to chat with others to relax,a joke or a funny story can make people feel at ease.Apart from these,however,there also are several students busy doing homework and discuss the problem with the friends around.
Different people have different ways to keep themselves stay awake to face the challenge in studies.The scenery,in a word,also presented a relationship of happy and peace.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher,Mr Green.Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
My favourite teacher is Mr.Shao.He teaches us geography.He is about 27 , I think , and is rather good-looking.He always wears glasses and T-shirt .
He has short black hairs and a big smile in his face.
I like him very much.
Because he is very friendly .
We like friends when we get together.And he is so lovely that just like a boy.He always tells jokes to us in class.I don't think I will bored in Mr.Shao's class.
I still remember once I didn't understand a point in a class.I felt worried and helpless.But Mr.Shao taught me again and again until I got it.Because Mr.Shao I still have a positive attitude to geography.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Recently, a TV station interview people about "Are you happy?".
Different people have diverse opinions about it.
From my point of view,people's understandings of happiness vary from others'.
Some think that happiness means wealth of money and high social position because they can be successes if they have these.
Some imagine that happiness means health and family because they think that these are more important.
I think that the answers show their different dreams.
However, there is no doubt that happiness is the most important thing for everyone.
Everyone spends his whole life in running after happiness.
I think that everyone should try his best to realize his dream instead of giving up.
I believe that everyone can be happy in the future if they are industrious.
Frustration is a part of our life,every one must confront it in daily life,it can make our life colorful.
The university students have bad in dealing with frustration.For instance,parents ,when they have problem,their parents will help them to solve the problem immediately but not ask them to deal with it by themselves ,as a result, they have no idea what to do when they are in trouble.
The education of Frustration should be carried out in universities.The university students must learn how to deal with frustration.Also,the school leaders can organize some activates to students such as field survival activities,it can improve their sense of dealing with frustration.
There are many beautiful countries in the world.The country that I want to visit mostly is Switzerland.Switzerland is located in the centre of Europe with a population of 7500000.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland.It is a developed country and covers an area of 41000 square kilometers.Although a small country, it is the meeting point for four of Europe's major cultures-Austria,German, French and Italian.
It is a country known for its stability, multiculturalism, and prosperity.The country's chief feature is its beauty and it merits its label as the garden of the world.As a developed country,Switzerland's watch, chemical and food industry is well-developed.
I am looking forward to Switzerland and feeling the local customs and practices.
Love is everywhere, love cannot only can warm others, still can warm oneself.
The most significant and priceless thing on earth for me is my parent's love.It's pure, and not for any benefit.If I have to compare it to one similar thing ,crystal may be the best one, because it's value and characteristic.Think of the before time, your stern requirement is exaction in my eyes; your deep solicitude is seen to be wagging your tongue by me; and I actually think your industry and thrift to be parsimonious.
I have realized my extreme fault, so I feel very guilt.If it was not for you, I would no way have received such great happiness.It's you and your help, like a god, you are my own personal brand of memory.
Thank you very much for your selfless giving, my dear ones, I will spend my whole lifetime making you happy.
Everyone needs love, the world need more love.
Let the world filled with love, is our responsibility.
In modern society, with the development of technology, different electronic equipment helps us obtain large amount of information.
There are nearly 72% of people obtaining information by TV set and only 12% knowing about the events across the world by the newspaper, according to a questionnaire on "ways of obtaining information".
Therefore, some people come to the conclusion that the newspaper will be replaced by other source of news.
However, I couldn't agree with this argument.
To begin with, the news reported from the newspaper has deeper thought than those from TV set.
What's more, reading the newspaper is not limited by the time, wherever and whenever you can read it.
Last but not least, we need to think twice and third when reading the newspaper, which is favorable to our improvement in the intelligence.
Considering the above-mentioned, I think that the newspaper is a better source of news.
We should make good use of the newspaper.
In recent years,With the progress of the society,the improvement of living standards,the computer has been popular,it is widely used for life.The Computer has many advantages.
Firstly,Computers can quickly the information you want .
Secondly, In computers can chat with the friends,increase feelings.Thirdly,in the computer can timely know the affairs of state,enrich our knowledge,broaden our horizons.
However,the coins also has two sides.On the one hand, the computer spends too much time and money.As a student, study hard is more important than play computers.
On the other hand,it damages you health,disturb the order of life.
In my opinion, we should take the computer used for life, study, work,but this does not mean that used to everything.We should have all kinds of life.We can read in the reading room,and students discussed,with the mind's thinking,it is also important for students.
Computers should not be leading us most of our lives,it for us can only is a tool.Last but not least,read the best way to acquire knowledge.
Beijing is a really nice city.It has many beautiful place : sach as the Great Wall,the Summer Place and so on.Beijing weather is not very good.Because cars are too more.The weather is just like London.When you come to Beijing , you must visit the Great Wall,it is really interesting.However,there is always crowded.You can eat Beijing duck here.It is really nice.There are lots of thing in Beijing,so you can go and see it.
There are several thing you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.
Firstly,you can consult your friends,relations and neighbors who can offer the information about the job opeanings,it is a easy and convenient way to find a job.
Secondly,you can cheak out the classifed ads on the newspapers and spotted a job,but it is difficult to do.
Thirdly, you can go to the recruitment agency to register .Then,the agency will give you some useful advise on the basis of yourself.
The last,you can make use of the Internet .It is a special and new way to find a good job.you just need log on to the information.You are also likely to find a dream job at last.
I'm L,who is in charge of the competition.I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to make a speech on this activity.Now let me introduce something important about it.
Up to now,the English speech competition has been successfully held for 10 years.It aims at improving your comprehensive English quality,as well as developing useful reading habits.I firmly believe that you'll make great progress if preparing for it actively.
Then,you all ought to be aware of the following points.Above all,it's ordered that every one keep time less than 5 minutes when delivering speech formally.Besides,the fluency in English may earn more scores for you.Finally,accurate pronunciation is in need in terms of the rules.
The English speech competition has drew great public attention.It's widely acknowledged that speaking English plays an increasingly important role in our life.So we appeal to you to seize the valuable opportunity,getting involved in this competition actively.
Wish the competition to be successful.
There are many clubs,such as Science Club,Drama Club,Sports Club,Music Group and English Corner.Each of them has a lot of activities.For example,when we are at the English Corner,we can communicate with each other in English.We also can learn others' learning skills.Everyone is free to choose a club to join.These club activities start at 3:30 and end at 5:00 every Friday afternoon.We enjoy ourselves during these club activities.They make life interesting and colorful.So all of us love them.
I am curious about the club activities of your school.Please tell me something about them.
I am looking forward to your reply.
in the latest years, as the.
developement of science and technology.
there are more and more people buy cars.cars' disadvangtages and advantages aperce.
Every years,my familise and I would go to travel by cars to have a good time.
evary week,my father would take car go home.with cars,peoplewill have convinent life and havemore timeand chances to have fun.
in the all,cars pay a important.
role in our life.
but on the other hand,cars also have disadvangtages.
for example, in many large cities,there are too crowded to go to work for people in the morning.
we have to say heavy transportation is a large problem.
air pollution and greenhouse arecaused by cars.
carsjustis a tool.how touse it is dependonus.
How happy it was to move to my new apartment and I was so deeply impressed by its arrangement.As I entered the bright,cheerful hall with beige walls and light grey capet,I noticed there were two pieces of exquisite paintings hanging on the wall.Besides,an air conditioner was on the wall,which makes us comfortable to live.However,to my surprise,there were so many doors around the hall,which increased the mystery.After viewing the hall,I turned left and opened the door to the living room.As I got into the room,a drop light caught my eyes.There was a wooden,classical table surrounded by four sofas in the room where we can invite friends to join our party.How beautiful it was.After that,I turned left and opened the door to the kitchen where a big cupboard stand ed on the southeast corner of the room and various of tableware were put in the cupboard.As far as I am concerned,it was a good place for dinner.After that,there was a toilet next to the living room where a big bathtub and many wash utensil were here.To my surprise,a closet appeared next to the toilet where so many clothes were here.Finally,I walked to the right most of the hall and I opened the door to the bedroom where there was a single bed with its headboard against the far wall.Only in this room can I have a sound sleep and a wonderful dream.That was my new apartment.
With the development of the information society, the information industry develops rapidly, and sometimes you may receive some strange or unhealthy message or calls.
So I have some advises to help you to prevent your privacy protection.
First, you should care about your personal information.
Second, you can set up some secure anti-virus soft wares.
Finally, you should not browse some unlawful or bad websites.
You can protect your private information with them.
The first suggest means you should not sign in some strange websites and you need distinguish right form wrong among a lot of websites.
It can help your information safe I the website, and it has small probability that it may blab your information.
The second let you intercept a lot of virus and Trojan virus.
The last advise can put an end to the way that you may get the virus in root.
Generally speaking, if you want to keep your information very safely, you should make sure you have a healthy habit, and have safety awareness when you on the Internet.
If you observe all this suggests, you can have a strong information security.
We celebrate Spring Festival while some other foreigners have Christmas celebrations.
As far as I am concerned, there are three major similarities between these two festivals, that is, having a family reunion, dining together and giving presents.
Before the Spring Festival, our Chinese spare no efforts to run back home from all over the nation to reunite.
So does the Christmas-people feel exceedingly warm to spend Christmas eve with families.
And then, sharing one table, both of them will enjoy a feast including a lot of meat.
After the wonderful dinner, people who celebrate Christmas eve exchange gifts which contain their best wishes among relatives and friends.
It is the same with our Chinese.
The elderly in China give red pockets to children instead.
Therefore, Spring Festival and Christmas are both extremely enjoyable.
hello!my name is Petter .
today is Monday,I often get up 6:00am.after that I bresh teeth and wash face .I have breakfast at 6:15.I always have two peices of break and a glass of milk .
I have five class in the morning .
I have lunch at 12:00am .
I sometimes have two bowls of rice and three kinds of vegetables .
I have four class in the afternoon .school is over 5:20pm .
after that I must go home .
because I am very hunny now .
I get home at 6:00pm.I often have dinner at 6:40pm.I often have three bowls of noodles .
I finish my homework before 10:00am .I often go to bed at 11:00pm.
My life is very good.how about you ?
You friend petter .
In recent years, some experts always advocate that universities should take measures to make the students more aware of their moral standards.
-which I take leave to doubt .
Those experts just criticize young students by their old criterions.
We'll found that undergraduate's moral quality are relatively higher than those out of school when we get down to the fundamental facts.
Heroic self-sacrifice Yangtze University Students in order to save two drowning boy, over 10 students rushed themselves into the river, and they put up a ladder by hand in hand , rescued the two boys, while three students but was rushed away by flood and killed.
The comports of university students in Wenchuan earthquake have won a good reputation.
At least to me, nearly all of my classmates are honest and warmhearted.
Though there are few particular ill-mannered students, which due largely to the blight of personal circumstances and the gloomy society.
What's more, some experts and professors in academe make fake date or plagiarize other research.
As far as I concerned, the critical rub is not lies in ethics of the undergraduate themselves, but in the ethos of society, atmosphere of academe and behaviour of public.
Those university administers should uncovered all the people who have immoral actions and punished them strictly.
And offer a fair conditions for various students.
Now,people attach importance to the ability of spoken English is much more than writing skills,most people think we can talk enough.In fact, English writing skills are also important.
Most people think that English is spoken most effective means of communication,in fact,writing is one of the means to communicate effectively.The power of words never can not be ignored,and something only a paragraph of text,you can mobilize people's emotions,resulting in drastic changes.
If you want to enter the international business work or study,then writing skills will help you be one of the rare.As China continue to develop,internationalization sit an inevitable trend in the future,to improve their English writing skills,will be able to help you a lot.
Finally,I am so sorry about late homework,I remember the wrong date.
I want to study English for different reasons.Firstly,English is a useful tool,and It can make people who live in different places closer by communicating with English.Secondly,people who can speak English can get more opportunities than people who can not.Last but not least,studying another language can improve our abilities.From these we can draw a conclusion that studying English is helpful to us.
I want to study English for different reasons.On one hand ,we can know more about the culture of other conturies.With these knowledge we can do much better when we travel aborad.On the other hand,learning English well can help us study well.For example ,lots of books with good qualities are written in English.So if we are good at English ,we can learn more from them.Last but not least,the earth is becoming a family and English is the official language.so,we have to try to have a harmonious life in this family.
This article aims to tell us some points should be taken into consideration when applying Silicon Valley pattern to European market, based on the reality that American venture capitals believe Europe as a market with great potential without too much smooth investment.
And the arguments, from the facts to opinions, come in four parts.
Leading in the first part, the author states the current situation of American venture capital investing in European market.
On one hand, many venture capitals initiate their branches in Europe, followed by the reasons from legal and regional aspects.
On the other hand, the author describes the investment activities with the example of TD, and gives the preference of venture capitals in the European investment.
Although the notion of American venture capital is heated in Europe, the author discusses, in the second part, some basic rules institutional investors should follow, that is to stay patient and do not eager to realize the immature profits and do not hurry to give up when situation turns dark.
Where there are options, there are offers.
Therefore, the author gives an effective suggestion, following with the third part, of searching the subdivided sector and creating the comparative advantages.
Last but not the least, the author points out that several barriers still exist.
However, due to the forthcoming deregulation, the long-term prospect is still optimistic.
Albert Einstein is one of the famous person I like.
Albert Einstein became the most famous scientist of the 20th century.I really admire his genius mind.Recently our English teacher introduced him.
I have learnt more about Albert Einstein.On one hand,He has made great contributions in Physics.
On the other hand,he has the sense of humour and the super IQ.In my opinion,he is a great man in my heart.I want to be a person like Albert Einstein.
Hello,let me make a self-introduction.My name is Lucy--an American who lives in New York.Last week,my mom took me to Beijing in order to let me feel the tradional culture of China.
In the first day,3rd November,we took a plane to there and we arrived there at 16 o' clock in the next day.Then we visited the Forbidden City.How big and beautiful it is!I was attracted deeply with the beauty.
We had stayed there for 4 days and we had visited almost the places of interest.How difficult was it for me to leave such a great city!I am looking forward to the next trip to China.I cannot miss it for ever.
AIDS in our side.
When I immersed in the AIDS people,who always try their best to fight with hard fate ,I am deeply moved and can not laughter for them .Not for their tragic fate,but for the life of us healthy human is too easy and for our AIDS people do too little,really is very little.
AS a healthy people, I do not know what to say .
But I know that many of them suffer misunderstood from their relatives including good friends and loved parents.
Those damage more let a person sad than from diseases bring pain.They will fail in their furture application.
Maybe , many times, they want to give up the hope of life, however, they know there are many kind people behind them, though they never meet forever.
For young people, we can pass the way to let them get better treatment.
After all we should feel lucky for ourselves.
Now let us pray for them.Hope they have a good boody next word.
Kelly is a lovely girl.
She is tall and thin with black straight hair, and she wears glasses.
She has bright eyes, a small nose and a small mouse.
She is my best friend.
She is kind and smart.
She does well in maths, but I'm not.
So she often help me with my maths.
I feel very thankful.
She likes reading and playing piano.
If you pass by our classroom between classes, you can see her reading carefully.
She plays piano well, and she practises hard.
She is my best friend in our class.
We know each other and help each other.
I'm sure our friendship can last forever.
Spelling is a fundamental skill in English learning, and it's one of the most important factors.
However, nowadays, there's an increasing number of students having not paid enough attention to it.
That is a tragedy without a shadow of doubt.
The reason why this phenomenon appears might include following three elements.
Firstly, students never showed enough consciousness on their spelling since the very beginning of English learning, due to exam-oriented education system has already firmly anchored in China for decades or even thousands of years.
Secondly, teachers always ask students to focus more on grammar and vocabulary rather than on word spelling.
This is a definitely misleading direction.
Last but not least, high-technology inventions rarely have positive effects on English learning in terms of spelling.
They leave students far less chance to spell English word in person.
To change this phenomenon, in my point of view, a series of precautions should be taken immediately to avoid students extremely rely on high-techs.
Moreover, students, as well as the teachers, have to realize the importance and necessity of spelling.
Only by these actions can we make the improvement.
I am Z, the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.
I'm writing to invite you to give a lecture about how to improve our English writing.
Recently, we carried out some examinations and the result shows that we have a great deal of problems on English writing, and thus I want to invite you to give us some useful advice.
For example, most of the students could do nothing but simply put the events in order.
Besides, they have no idea on how to decorate their words and sentences which can improve their marks.
As a result, we decide to hold a lecture in our Lecture Hall next Wednesday.
We all agree that you are the best person to be the lecturer.
I will be very glad if you can deliver a lecture for us.
If you ask me whom I love very much .I will say it is my mother without thinking.
In the word ,each mother loves their children ,she takes care of them from the day when they birth .She gives the loving care to them .But I fell my mother do more than that.
In my family ,I also have one brother and one sister .We all go to school every day .
In the morning ,my mother cooks breakfast for us , whenever it is spring ,summer , autumn or winter .
At noon ,she cook lunch for us on time .She always has a lot of housework to do .Especially in winter , she has to wash our clothes by hands .So her hands are always frostbited by the cold water .However ,she always say nothing to us and she can not let me help her .She always encourage us to study hard and she hopes that we can go to a good college school one day .
For my mother ,the most important thing I should do is studying hard .I should listen to teacher carefully in class and do the homework after class and so on .
According to the plan of our school, I have finished my internship in fire service.
I paid my practice time in the Xigu fire service, and it's really an unforgettable experience.
At the first day I reached the fire service where I was arranged internship, I was full of curiosity.
I felt very fresh, and was curious about everything.
Fire fighting trucks, clothes for fire fighting, everything seemed so great.
Leader was kind and privates were friendly, though NCOs were a little cold, maybe I should build good relationships with them.
We were having a rest that day, so I felt comfortable and I thought that I could pass my internship easily and happily.
Nevertheless, the next day, I knew I was wrong.
Since the second day, we must train every day, from morning to evening.
The comforting was that I should catch up physical training, and I could just watch them when soldiers got professional skills training.
But even so, I realized that there was a very giant gap between soldiers and me.
Not only physical gap but also professional knowledge and psychological quality gap.
I worked hard during the following days to catch up soldiers.
At the same time I tried my best to do the same things which soldiers did.
I have stood guard every day, did cleaning and accomplished many other things I could do.
Of course, I made some mistakes during these days.
For example, at noon one day, it was time I should go to stand guard.
I should go five minutes ahead of time, but I didn't.
And it wasted the NCO's sleeping time.
Then, I was blamed and felt upset.
Since that time I decided that I would do everything on time.
In short, this internship was so impressed that I might learn many things from this experience afterwards.
The ten-minute class break is meaningful to us.Look,class is over but the teacher continue in the class.Some students listening carefully what teacher has said.Others falling sleep instead of listening teacher.Still others born to shake the leg.All of us envy the students who play outside and expect of the class will finish soon.
In my opinion,in this case,the students should have more times to relax in order to welcome the next lesson.Draging class will make students hate learning and have no effects.The teacher should well understand the tiredness of the students though they take the students' benefit into consideration.
In one word,the less dragging class appear,the better relationship between teacher and students will be.
Since the National Day is coming, I can bet that our teachers are going to assign huge amount of homework to "enrich" students' holiday life.
However, I take the view that a homework overwhelming holiday will come out to be counterproductive.
Sarcastically, junior students as we are, we are still taken as a group of middle school students or even pupils, for teachers take it for granted that we haven't grown up yet.
As for them, we are nondependent, so they leave us innumerous homework for fear that we would fall behind.
Actually, we have been self-conscious already.
Besides, various individuals need different kinds of exercise, while we may have a good command of the most content of assignments.
Hence, teachers should not interfere with our development too much, for we are clear what we need to do.
Apparently, we students often bear on our shoulders humdrum homework despite the country's campaign for quality education.
Such practice is very harmful.
Too many assignments can only stimulate hatred feelings towards study.
Also, brain labor takers the place of physical exercise, which is detrimental to our health, particularly our eyesight.
Therefore, we should take part in outdoor activities more, from which we can benefit enormously.
Not only do our bodies get adequate movement, our minds can also be greatly improved by an intimate contact with other things.
Finally, most of us, as college students whose houses are far from our university, seldom go home because of highly fare or our limited free time.
The National Holiday is a rare opportunity for us to have family reunions.
Thus, we are really reluctant to be occupied and disturbed with repetitive homework.
In conclusion, teachers should not assign home work in the coming holiday, and we will reap greater benefits from it not only in terms of physical health and mind relaxing but also the reunification with family.
Last weekend I was too tired,my mom let me help her to clean the house.
In the morning,I helped my mom to water the flower,after that,we ate breakfast.
Ok,"I replied.
I ran to the supermarket.
When I came back,that is already noon,my mother finished sweeping the floor and she started to make the lunch.
Then my mother let me wash the clothes,after 20 minutes, my mom told me to have lunch.
After lunch,I continued washing the clothes.
About 10 minutes,I finished washing the clothes.
My mom said:"daughter,if you can wash again a little bit hard, it will be cleaner.
It's 4:30 p.m.. We watched TV and waited for my dad.
When the five in the evening,my father came back,we went to my grandparents'home.
We ate a big meal there.After dinner,I was to get the dirty dishes to the kitchen.
Then I began to wash them.
I turned on the tap and water covered all the dishes in the sink.
Then I added some detergent to the water.
Maybe I put too much, so it was full of bubbles in the sink.
It was just like a bubble bath for dishes and bowls.
My grandparents told me to help parents do more housework.
That weekend was a tired but happy day.
Nowadays,the telephone become more and more useful,such as:we can meet each other on telephone,and send the photos .even more,we can use it to improve our english,and now,l am taking it write the artical.
In here,for one thing,it will improve my language,or enlarge my vocabulary,for another,it will kill my boring time ,because today is friday,you know l am a lazy boy.
Maybe, at present,teachers konwthe university students would rather play the computer games than study.so teachers come up with some ways,for example,take the computer to having class, use the telephone to pick in studets'homework,and so on.
nowadays,there are many people died of fire disaster.if you encounter a fire disaster,what would do?today,i will tell you something about how to escape the fire disaster.we should take evacuation drill.
the very important thing is to take an evacuation drill,and the aim is to improve our save you ability skill.and we should know how to escape the place where the fire disaster take place .there also are many prablems .such as treat the drill as fun and think it is not important .the most important problem is the fear of the fire .
in my opponion ,first,we should keep calm and quiet.second,we should obey the suggestions that the teacher said.finily,we should keep ourseives safe.
now,if you encounter this condition,i hope you can remember my suggestion.
Today,society networs are very popular in our life.And different people have different views on this phenomenon.The following are several different population of the phenomenon from different point of view.
The majority of white-collar think that society networks can develop themselves'society circle .It also contribute to the work'development.And on the one hand,most teenagers think in the Internet they can get more frients,and they can share thoughts and happiess with them.But on the other hand,many parents worry that their chirlden in social networking get along with fraud.Most time,they would be concerned about kid's safety.
As far as I'm concerned,society networks more advantages than disadvantages.We should take full use of the advantages of using society networking sites.It helps us solve the difficulties in daily life.At the same time undrstand some frients who have the commen hobbies to enrich our leisure life.
There was a discussion in our English class.
It's about keeping animals in zoos.
Up to 40% of us thought that we should keep animals in zoos, because person can see a great variety of animals.
What's more, in zoos, animals are taken good care of by the zoo keepers.
The most important, they have enough food to eat and never feel worried about dangerous.
Other 60% of us disagreed.
Animals prefer living in nature to staying in cages.
They have less freedom than in the forest.
Although it's safe, it's bad for them to move.
In my opinion, keeping animals in zoos is a good way to stop hunters from killing them for business.
In accordance with the science reports, animals kept in zoos can live a longer life than in the forest.
We mustn't cut down trees and destroy animals' homes.
We should try our best to protect them.
In my heart a good teacher can't be too weak because it's hard to make students listen.Apart from that the teachers also can't be too strict.Most of sudents don't like the teachers like that.
I think a good teacher need have some advantages such as amusing and interesting,try to be one of us.Lot of students more like these teachers than others.The relationship between students and teachers will be better.
The teachers that more kind and more patient,the students that be better and more like them teachers.
When two strangers from the acquaintance until to go to the wedding chapel,we no doubt they will feel happiness.
They take a lot of blessings of friends family and into church.In the eyes of the persons they felling shy.
In general, the bride's father will arm in arm with bride then he will give daughter'hands to the bridegroom, the move means that the father agree with bride and bridegroom to marry.Two persons will set up their own home.Start the music and the wedding begin.
First of all,two new persons in front of priest, follow the instructions and to do movements.Then the priest say:Is there anyone present whom can show any just cause why these two persons should not be legally joined in marriage and so on.Next,the two rings should be put on the Bible held by the Judge.Next,the bridegroom takes one up and puts it on the bride's finger and the bride takes the other one up and puts int on the bridegroom's finger.The bridegroom lifts the veil and kisses the bride.
Last,the guests laugh,applaud,and throw confetti.A western wedding ended.
I know little things about Twain's famous works, but his personal life experience reminds me of a Chiai famous poetess Li Qing Zhao who was living in Song Dynasty.
Their personal life experience is so similar to each other.
First, their early life were full of happiness: one had a beautiful wife and cute children, at the same time his successes in literary works providing his family a charmed life; on the other hand, Li lived a sweat and wealthy life with her husband who also had talent and great interest in literature.
Suddenly, with the personal or social tragedy, their charmed life died away.
Then, let's see the works feature in different life period.
It's no doubt; the early works were full of laughter, because they were enjoying life happiness every minute and every second.
As we can see, their later works were full of pain and sadness which were in stark contrast with their early works.
In a manner of speaking, their personal life experience made a big difference on their work styles.
There is an increasing nunmber of students who graduate from universities each year and not all of them are guaranteed to get a satisfying job .
When searching for jobs ,some graduates are keen on decent jobs such as government officials ,teachers, lawyers while others choose to start their own bussiness.
There are striking differences between boys and girls when developing their careers.
As far as my knowledge is concerned , boys prefer doing jobs which bring fame and wealth quickly for the sake of pressure the society and family put on them .
Comparing with stressful males, average females used to choosing more flexible jobs which are relaxing ,stable and easy to manage .Of course ,there are always great women who start their careers in fields such as politics ,bussiness and other hard jobs and achieve great success .
To sum up , finding a promising job is not that much difficult for both males and females unless you are fixated on high positons with high salaries.
No one knews what the future will like.
We will meet different person and different.
I think I should have been in collge, where I will make some new friends, Choose their favorite professional, such as civil engineering or business management.
Maby I won't have a job, because I want to start my own business.
I will have my own shop, a matchmaking agency, where everyone will find happiness.
Perhaps, I will be a volunteer in the mountains, I can teach children to read, let them go out of the mountains, see the world outside.
In life, may have found my other half, there is a home, perhaps there is a baby.
I will Travel all over the world with my husben.
In a word, my life will be wonderful in the future.
Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
Finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark within us that motivates us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
When that happens, the world opens.
Everything becomes possible.
However, others believe we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using our senses, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.Golgi once said that the book was the ladder of human progress.
What kind of books you read, what kind of person you are.
A man who can read books may succeed but not read a person who will never succeed.
Because you not have enough knowledge to enrich yourself.
I think it's necessary for everyone to read.
We can learn a lot from reading.
Sometimes you can find a tip from a book.
It will give you a lot of enlightenment.
Social practice is also very important.
It teaches us how to associate with others.
Life is not just unilateral.
My name is W.This is in respone to your discussion of"whether middle school students should bring mobile phones to school".
In my opinion,we can use mobile phones to connect with our parents and friends.And mobile phones can also increase fun for us .However,mobile phones also has bad effect on our school life.It will waste a lot of time and money to chat on mobile phones.And it makes students dont focus on their studies but be crazy about phone games in class.So visible ,there are some negatives connected with mobile phones.But we can do some things to avoid that condition.We should pay attention to our teacher and turn off mobile phones in class.In addition,We should keep our mobile phones well.
Mobile phones are great,but we have to be smart when using them.
What I have never forgotten is what I experienced in middle school.
My English teacher required us to recite the text and then to write from memory in class.
On one occasion, I was to be lazy where industriousness is expected, I should have recited the text.
Before class began, I hurried to memorize it.
Unconsciously, the bell rang which made me much more nervous so that I couldn't bear the rest in mind.
One can well imagine that my work was in a great mess and the resulted was that I was punished to copy the text five times.
So was the text long that there were aches in my right wrist.
At last I couldn't help but burst into tears.
It reminds me that if people want to be successful and outstanding, they must prepare ahead of time and make their efforts to wok hard.
With the continuous development of society,the migrant labor are also more and more,they are each big city walk,including Shanghai and Shenzhen,Shanghai accounted for 24%,Shenzhen accounted for 20%,Guangzhou accounted for 17%,Beijing accounted for 16%,Chongqing accounted for 12% and Dongguan accounted for 11%.From these date,the Shanghai labor workers are the most,followed by Shenzhen and then to Guangzhou,again is Beijing,followed by Chongqing,the least is Dongguan.
From the chart can be seen that the distribution of workers is each big city,an important reason is the big city economic development,employment opportunities,remuneration and high.Secondly,duo to dry climate,crop growth is affected,lots of food production,they had to go out and find ways to get some money.
I think some of them are in order to let their children can better education.Children can keep pace with the times,develop the child's vision.What do you think?
In China,one of the tradition ways of study is doing written homework like copy texts and solve problems in the similar type,which I think is not scientific.
'Copy the text twice this evening.
'A teacher says to the students.The scene happens everyday in Chinese classes.The college entrance examination makes Chinese students machines which can only study hard.
It was an unexpected vacation.
We will have a special task, so we needn't do internship and we can return home.
After 5-day training, we eventually went home.
We had a wonderful meal in the hotel.
Then we went to KTV to sing songs, it was a happy thing that too many girls get together.
We play cards in the evening, and we greet the new life with our arms opened up.
We went to Tianjin the next day.
We eat delicious food, and bought some cosmetics.
The most impressed is the hotpot called Haidilao.
The service here was excellent, and the chilly is hot.
I want to use two key words to describe my holiday.
One is "accompany", and the other is "food".
Accompany.
It's been a long time I didn't see my parents.
So I spent my most time staying with them.
We went to see the lotus flowers and picked up grapes in a shinning day.
We eat Chongqing noodles and then had a walk in the park on weekends.
I also climbed mountains with my good friends.
We enjoyed ourselves during the several days.
Food.
It's well known that Chongqing has many snacks.
The first thing I do was to eat.
During the seventeen days, I eat hotpot, grilled fish, noodles so on.
Among these foods, grilled fish was my favorite.
The fish was filled with chilli.
It's suitable for my taste.
Compared with my exhausting school life, my summer holiday is definitely a golden time for relaxation and entertainment.
I dare say this was the richest holiday I have ever spent.
I have to say goodbye to it and continue my training.
My mother told me: "dear I want you to become a civil servant, so you will have a job forever.But I think as a young man, should have the courage to refuse to conform.
I told my mother many times, civil servants not I like the professional, tried to convince her.But I failed many times.Mother said the many benefits of civil servant to me.
First, civil servants regular working hours, not to work overtime, work is more stable than other classes.Secondly, What's more civil servants salary is average level.The civil servants also need not pay social security.Finally, Civil servants need according to the rules, influenced by too many rules.And have the courage to create.
I was stubborn, so I persuade my mother again, civil service exam hot made a lot of people will attend, and the test will be more and more difficult.And the only one test are likely to succeed.I hope I can find a job related to my major, and fight for, rather than the early retirement at home, it is not used to try to find comfort.
This fiction reminds me of a famous classical Chinese writing Peach Blossom Spring which is also an utopian place.
The ending of that classical Chinese writing is that the protagonist never finds such a place like paradise again after his leaving.
It shows that these utopian places are always unreal and they can't last for ever as people still keep the humanity.
In this fiction, although the beach life seemed peaceful and animated, people were not so perfect there.
As more and more tragic events came through, Richard got panicky as well as the camp members.
In order to comfort the people, Sal even asked Richard to kill Karl who went mad after an accident with sharks.
For this reason, Richard realized the beach was not so paradisiacal anymore and it was going to destruction, then he came to an idea of escaping.
At this very moment, he managed to kill Christo who was saved from the accident with sharks by him but dying, in order to make his friend Jed willing to escape from the beach with him.
The desire makes people do crazy things.
Sal wanted Karl's death to keep the camp steady, and Richard killed the one he just saved to go back home.
That is one of the reasons why utopia is so unattainable.
People get desire, they curse, they control others, and they kill.
People also keep humanity, they trust others blindly, and they remain the viciousness without realizing.
Eventually, the camp dismissed and the members just went back to the world.
Also, I think the beach is a way people escape from reality.
They wish to isolate from the outside world but apparently they couldn't.
They had the Rice Run, and they also need to buy some necessaries from outside for the celebration meal.
They couldn't isolate from the outside completely.
Richard realized this first so he determined to go back to reality.
More and more people got off the island then.
The camp dismissed.
It disappeared as if it had never existed.
Just like a beautiful dream.
Utopia won't last long.
Nowadays,the gobble is getting insignificant owing of the internet.So online shopping is increasingly fashionable.I get accustomed to going online instead of going to a real shop.Because it has conspicuous advantages.
For example,shopping online is much more convenient.You just click your mouse to choose the dissertation you like and the shopping is finished.You needn't step out of the room.Secondly,you may find many different kinds of product that you can't find in the real shops.Thirdly people can easily find less costly goods by comparing with others.
Of course,however,every coin has two sides,shopping online seems easy and quick.But online shopping has a lot of trap.If you are careless you may find the product is different from what you need.What's more?Sometimes we are worried about qualities.
Online shopping plays a significant roles in our daily life,we should learn how to make use of internet resources correctly and pay more attention to it.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some student think it is a good way to study and to know more things.We can change ideas online and share with our friends.Compared with traditional study,it is more interesting and relaxed.
Other students think high school students should not get online frequently.It is bad for our eyes.Today,a number of students always play games without study.Some students always chat with their friends for a long time everyday.As a result,they can not hand their homework on time.It waste much time and make as tired.
My name is P.I think,if we get online for study and play games modest,it is good for us to get online frequently.
Currently, there is headed debate concerning the pros and cons of the learning by reading and learning by doing which one is better.
In my point of view, i believe that the learning by reading is better than learning by doing.
Initially, books are the stepping stones to human progress.
Finding the right book at right way making us know much more.
As the development of technology , many people are willing to reading at their phone.
I maintain that paper reading is better.
Moreover reading play a important role in practice and lay down a substantial foundation for practice.
Practice can't bring people what reading can bring, which make us immersed in the sea of knowledge.
Practice is just improve our skills rather than our morally.
Eventually, knowledge is inexhausitible that we need study forever.
So we always said that never too old to learn.
In short, benefits of knowledge is that wo can not imagine.
we should read the right book and always reading.
Never too old to learn.
Nowadays, with the widespread use of the computer, people are becoming increasingly aware of the significance of the internet.
From my point of view, the internet won't isolate us from one another.
There are numerous reasons to support my point of view, and I would explore only a few of the most important ones there.
One of the primary causes is that internet provides us for the more extensive space of study, thanks to having large capacity which memories the knowledge about everything that you intend to learn, so we should take full advantage of the internet.
As the saying goes, live and learn.
Another reason that can be seen by every person is that there are a large number of chatting system on the internet.
We are able to communicate something including your happiness or sadness with others as possibly as we can.
For this reason, you are close to them in heart.
To some extent, internet makes our life colorful.
For example, there are a variety of games in the computer.
When you are tried ,you can relax yourself by enjoying those games.
Of course, there are not only games but also music and movies.
Taking into account of all these factors.
We may draw the conclusion that the internet won't isolate us from one another.
Therefore, we should make the best of the computer to do something significant.
So, I have some advise.
We should use the internet legally and cannot do something to infringe others.
What's more, we ought to avoid being addicted to the computer games and reasonably arrange our time of using the internet.
In recent years, China's high school students to study abroad has become the fastest-growing populations, people have different views in it.
Some parents believe that overseas education can give them a better opportunity for future success.
However, some educators believe that those youngsters are not old enough to cope with the life in a foreign culture.
I think the study abroad need as early as possible.
For children abroad to study early, parents are worried about them living skills relatively poor, the relative lack of emotional and self-control, relatively weak foundation in English and other issues, but overall, Qualified families to send their children abroad in high school is still a lot of good.
First, children can improve their English skills earlier.
High school students go abroad, they are younger, the stronger the ability to learn to imitate the language.
Learning a language can help students as soon as possible accurate and proficient English ability to use a good atmosphere in the language environment.
In addtion, the children have access to world-class universities and professional opportunities.
Students finish high school in a foreign country, the qualified students and local students to apply directly for the University, according to the university entrance scores, free to choose any suitable universities and professional.
What more, children can be flexible courses according to their interests and career planning.
Many foreign high school the general elective system, students going to enter the high school course selection, face their own interests, thinking about the future of post-graduate and career planning, to determine whether the high school to learn what.
Finally, children can quickly develop the ability to live independently.
Years of independent study abroad life down, students can not only proficient in English but also faster growth.
They can be integration into the living environment of growth abroad.
In short,it is important for children to develop self-discipline habits and self-psychological adjustment capacity.
Advocating high school students as early as possible to Study Abroad.
We have many stress and tension in modern lives.The stress and tension come from our study,works or families.
But how could we reduce those stress and tension ?We could do some interesting things.For example,you could listen to music which you like.And you could read books or go for a walk after meals.Those are all very useful actions.But the best way to reduce stress and tension is to chat with someone who you believe.This one could be your parents or best friends.If you told someone with something made you unhappy or sad.You will find that you would be very realized.
If you have any stress and tension.Try to reduce it.And you will feel better.
In contemporary life, more and more factories are being built in every country, especially in America.
As people's need increasing, there must be a way to solve the problem that the quantity people produced can't catch up with that they need.
So, building factories to produce more efficiently is just right to cater to this problem.
People now tend to live a more convenient life with science and technology.
Accordingly, it also has some impacts on people's daily life.
For instance, there will be more water pollution, which does do harm to people's health.
What's more, noise pollution can influence people's rest at night as well.
These are probably the two main questions the factories should attach importance to.
In the past, before television was invented people all loved going to the cinema, because they see wonderful actors or actress and strange places which they could never visit.
Although the films which nowadays are no longer something new.
A lot of people watch a film at the cinema.
However, some persons prefer seeing at home.
If this question is for me, I must say: at home.
Owing to the fact that, home is the most place where you could watch films more comfortable, you can lie on the bed and eat an ice-cream or biscuit.
You don't need to care about your behavior.
However this wasn't the real cause why I want to stay at home.
It has the added advantage that you can talk and discuss the film with your family while it is happening.
On the other hand, if you watch a film at the cinema, it's absolutely more expensive to watch films on television.
It has too many persons in the cinema, maybe some of the audiences will distract you from the film.
For most people, the cinema is far from home, you still must cost some money on the way to the cinema.
Whatsoever, despite the better effect, I prefer seeing films in the cinema.
There is no doubt that, as a result, for me, staying at home is the best way for watch a film.
The picture is about a old woman who sat down on a chair and faced a mirror talked with herself that neither her sons nor daughters were near her , she felt so lonely.
As we all known, nowadays, even all sons and daughters have their busy job, and many of them ignore their parents.
They also have their new family, so leave the aged people lead a lonely life.
What the aged people only want is their sons or daughters can accompany with them.
That's enough.
Today, in park or square, we can see many old people sing ang dance together.
It seems that they are happy and their life are so wonderful, but in fact, maybe what they want most is their sons or daughters can accompany with them even a short time.
What I want to say is our parents take good care of us from we are a little baby, and when they are old,they need us to take good care of them, too.
As a Chinese old saying, go back your home usually.
Today I will give you some information about UK.
UK full name is The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The capital of UK is London that is one of the biggest cities in the world.
They speak English for a long time.
UK is in the British Isles.
The implementation of constitutional monarchy since Light Revolution.
The Britain had people in 13th Century BC.
The most famous in Britain is Britain Museum.
All over the world qem are treasured in there.
If you went to Britain, you would better go there.
Big Ben also a famous scenic spot of Britain.
It built in 1859.
It is one of the oldest clocks in the world.
That all, thank for you read thi article.
It has been a long time that the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV has been a common part of our entertainments during Spring festival.Most Chinese people like watching it with families after having the family reunion dinner.As we all know,th Spring Festival Gala on TV has become a symbol of our spring festival.
However,recently,someone has come up with the idea that the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV should be canceled.To begin with,the quality of the programs has been worse and worse,it's very boring.In addition,the consumption of hosting a gala is a bit high.
From where I stand,every coin has two sides.Though it costs a lot, there are also some measures to deal with the money.What's more,more different forms of the programs can be offered.Therefore,the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV is a traditional program,it's necessary to develop it.
Reading is often of a person's growth and learning has an important influence.At the right time, reading a good book can ignite the spark of thought, let us become more knowledgeable and enjoy reading.Unconsciously, the reading to broaden our vision, inspire the infinite possibility.However, there are also people who believe that the best way to learn is through the practice, use our senses to explore the surrounding environment of people, things and scenery.
People's thought is various, for the same thing will have different opinions and points of view, I am no exception, I also have their own opinions.First of all, I think their point of view is correct, have their own reasons, but, I think their views are too one-sided, are inadequate.I think reading can not only make us open field of vision and increase knowledge, can also improve our self-cultivation.But we can not just reading, we should apply the learned knowledge to real life.As deng xiaoping said "practice is the sole criterion for testing truth".
So my final point is that we must be good at reading, and apply knowledge to practice, do reading combined with practice, this is the best way to learn.
The United Kingdom is a magical country.
People may wonder why different words are used to describe these 4 countries: England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
In fact, first there was England.
Wales was linked to it in the thirteenth century.
Next England and Wales were joined to Scotland in the seventeenth century and later the name was changed to 'Great Britain'.
Finally the English government tried in the early twentieth century to form the United Kingdom by getting Ireland connected in the peaceful way.
Speaking of Britain,we all know that London is the capital.
And there is one of my favorite stories happened in London in nineteenth century which named Holmes.
I also like the TV series Sherlock Holmes.
It's brilliant story and always made me fun.
In short, Britain is a fantastic country.
When you know more about it you will love it.
Now our society develops very fast,and we can't adapt quick life,so we think we lack of happiness.However,happiness is not only the absence of problems,but also the ability to deal with them.
The modern can feel anxious and nervous when they are caught in trouble,and they are negative in during a long time,so they don't feel happiness.But I think if they use the right and positive way to deal with problems,they will be happy.
First, I will listen to some music when I get in trouble,because it can be relaxed my heart and don't be anxious.Second, keeping a positive attitude is very useful,because everything has the double aspect,you can see the good from the bad.Third, I can communicate with my best friends to deal with the problem.So I am happy.
If you can do it,happiness will be around you anywhere.Then will be happy.
I know your feeling now.
Although your mother always talks too much to you,she is caring you,you should understand your mother.
You should tell her that you know how to do these things and you want to have an independent space.
The independent space is helpful for your future.
It can help to develop children's independence.
Nowadays the students are mainly judged by there scores.
In order to get better notes, more and more of them are having extra classes, sacrificing their own time on the weekend.
In my opinion, it's unnecessary for them to attend training classes.
When the students attend the extra classes, they won't concentrate themselves on the classes in their school.
They'll consider it not serious to take a rest in the normal classes, because they can make it up on the weekends.
They won't even do their homework seriously.
When the students attend training classes, they also don't have adequate time to have a rest or do some activities they really enjoy.
Sometimes they even don't get enough sleep, and it'll directly lead to their inefficiency in the school.
Only when we make the best use of the classes in the school can we learn better.
We can find our short points through doing our homeworks, and if we have any questions, our teachers are always glad to answer them.
Attending training classes is just a waste of time and money.
As a student in this university who regularly comes to the library at my leisure,I appreciate the high quality of the service offered by you.However,I would like to give some advices for you to adopt.And I would be much grateful if you are so kind as to take my suggestions into consideration.
To begin with,would you please prolong the time for reading?In the daytime,most of the students are having class,so thry can't come to the library.Moreover,would you please improve the book searching system?For it isn't convenient for students to seek out a book just has a bit of informations.
I really wish to have a more comfortable library.Thank you for your time and consideration.
The thought-provoking drawing mirrors a common phenomenon in contemporary society that a group of people around the table play mobile phone but do not chat or have a meal.
We learn from the picture that mobile phones have been increasingly widespread in people's life.It is to me that indulging in mobile phones produces negative influences on body and mind.People's way of communication is various,such as talking,eyes or body communication.It is not completing that interflow of communication by writing or simple language talking,,from a long-term point of view, this is not strong relationship will be as vulnerable as Cask Effect in the bucket.This relationship builds up in mobile phone that must be harmful to our friendship.
Personally, in view of the overuse of mobile phones, I hold that we individuals should raise the necessary awareness that good relationship is reinforced by sincere and face-to-face communication.We should use mobile phone rational,can't be depriving multiple communication modes rights.
Three passions I have lived for are: knowledge, love, moreover courage.
When I was a child, my mother told me that knowledge is power.
enrich my mind and my experience.
I always realize there is no end to learning.
The second I aspire love.
People can't live without love.
being loved.
Thus a man be full of love is beauty.
Human need love, also we should give our love first.
Last but not least, I lived for courage.
courageous to face the challenge .
On the whole, I forever have lived for these.
to warm people then use our courage to encourage someone who need help.
sunshine.
I am Z,the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.I am writing to invite you come to our school to give a speech about how to improve writing proficiency.
As we all know,Chinese students have many problem in writing.For example,they often make mistakes in spelling or forget grammar.We know that you are very professional in writing,so we hope you can give us some advice in this aspect.
The lecture will be hold at 9:00 next Wednesday ,the place is lecture hall,the substance is about problems in writing.I am sure students will appreciate your opinion very much.Waiting for your arrival.
The proverb that the early bird catches the worm means that early action will contribute to success.
We should make plan in advance in our life, not only in the field of learning but also in other aspects.Do things later than others in the first time,then we will behind them all the time.As a result,we lose in the end.On the contrary,if we plan in advance,and do them earlier,then we will be more satisfactory.
For example,the chinese athletes' excellent performance in 2010 olympic winter games in Vancourcer is definitely the result of their early planning and hand training.If they don't erect the orientation and devote their effort to it,even though they have extraordinary talent,they couldn't complete with others and gained the success that attract worldwide attention.
In one word,the saying shows us the importance of planning and hard work and constantly trying .Plan early and do early,which can make you triumphant and outstanding.
Companies should encourage high-level 55 years old ones to retire, and then opportunities could be offered to the new generation.
This is good for the development of companies and our society.
The most important reason is the technology is developing so fast that firms have to employ ones who just graduate and understand the latest technology.
The old ones tend to use the old ways and are reluctant to accept the new ideas.
So let older ones leave and give the positions to the young.
The second one is that it's much more difficult for young people to find a job.
If the old people remain in the work, there are not enough work's opportunities provided to the young so that they can't fully play their talent.
Thirdly, old workers are less motivated and energetic than young ones.
The young are full of energy and confidence, who work hard to pursue the success of work.
However the older ones, most of them, loose the work enthusiasm and are easy to feel tired because of physical and emotional health.
The last one is the contributory role of older people as grandparents becomes more important than as workers.
Their grandchildren, before going to school, need to be taken good care of by them.
Their children need them to deal with house work so that they can put heart and soul into the work.
To sum up, if companies encourage employees to retire at the age of 55, it will not only provide opportunities to the new generation, also benefit the old people and society.
Since China enters the 21th century, significant progress has been made in China's science and technology market.
Some maintain that high-tech products make our life more disordered, whereas others are convinced that science and technology makes our life more convenient and colorful.
As is seen to me, modern technology benefits far outweigh the drawbacks.
The seasons can be seen as follows.
First of all, modern technology make our life more convenient.
Take transportation as an example, two decades ago, few cars and buses can be seen in the street, what's more, most of the people have to go to walk on foot or take a bike, let alone travel by plane or go abroad.
Thanks to the development of the modern technology, people can go to wherever they like by plane or have a self-driving tour.
In additional, owing to the development of transportation, increasing number of people have the chance to study abroad and communicate with foreign friends.
Secondly, modern technology reduces our time and effort.
With the advance of the Internet, Along with the coming of the Internet Age, Internet is transforming the lifestyle of everybody in its unique way and has been gradually applied into education, economy, as well as politics.
People can buy commodities, search several of information they need, make new friends, etc.
Thirdly, modern technology improves our national strength and promotes our society's development.
There is no doubt that modern technology has a strong tie with country's economy.
Our society can't development without the support of the modern technology.
All mention above shows that science and technology bring great benefits to our daily life and promote the social progress of our country.
Therefore, people should make full use of the modern technology to make our life more colorful.
Far too many people always put their work above all else in today's society, thus putting them at a disadvantage while communicating with their neighbors.
We have to put emphasis on the relations with neighbors.
China has a saying:Better than distant neighbors.
Our neighborhood is like a big family.
In our community inhabited by people from all walks of life.
As the chairman of our neighborhood community, it is that make our community members communicate effectively with one another is my responsibility.
First,if we want to become familiar to strangers,the most effective method is to invite people to participate in various activity.
Such as receptions, sports.
In our life, we usually consider that knowledge is most important during our learning.
However, we will correctly faced marks or abilities.
If we want to get both marks and abilities, it is difficult for us.
An old saying, experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
learning is basis, learning will make us strong.
We acquire knowleadge from learning, learning makes progress.
As a student, the learning must be in the first place.
Because learning well means you have an opportunity to go to a better school, and get a better education.
In fact, we have so many examples, which are well experience have the larger development space.
As far as I am concerned, abilities will be more important than learning.
During the working, if you have strong abilities, you will have the trust the boss, the chance of promotion will be higher.
Even if you have high academic qualifications, not to use it better, you will be fired.
Therefore, the abilities to link with your status.
It won't only be good at our English study ,but also let you enjoy English .
We will hold at our school meeting hall .Time is 8:00 to 10:00 p.m. next Friday.That time, will be show all kinds of performance: English stories, songs, poems and short plays and so on.Mr and Mrs Green and their children form Canda will enter our English evening.And they will give a wonderful performance for us!
My name is X. I come from Beijing.
My hero is my father.
He was born in 1951.
He is kind and helpful.
My dad is a railway man.
However,he loves to rest on the hammock and just do nothing.
At the weekend he spends lots of time with me.
He will do anything for me.
He encourages me up when I am sad.What ever he does,he never gives up.I live my dad so much.
He always can help me with my homework every day until I understand,so he is my hero.
I think my father is my hero.
Sometime he is strict with me,and has a talk with me.
I like my dad very well.
In our life, there is a wide variety of food.
In the promotion of green food, health food today, there are still some food there is a serious security risk.
Continuously the occurrence of malignant accidents of food safety have caused people to pay close attention to food safety, to reexamine this has risen to national public safety height problem, must increase pair of food safety supervision.
In recent years, one after another out of social problems of food safety.
In 2003 the Jinhua ham containing dichlorvos, esophageal and gastric mucosa of intestinal effects, may be fatal; 2004 Fuyang inferior milk powder:" big head baby", malnutrition leading to low immunity, serious can be fatal; in 2005 the Nescafe milk iodine exceed the standard, affect thyroid function; 2006 of clenbuterol pork, human consumption, nausea, dizziness hands trembling, even cardiac arrest induced coma death; 2008 of melamine infant milk powder, may lead to kidney stones, kidney failure and other diseases of urinary system, serious cases can be fatal.
A series of problem of quality of food of exposure, greatly increases our understanding of the roots of the country concerns and worries.
Looking back on this series of food, that is not accidental, but the special conditions various social economy moral factors results.
To do law enforcement Commission, supervision does not dodge, emergency management, supervisory duties no vacancy, regulatory regions without blind spots, supervision object without omission, regulatory links without breaking chain, according to the law to rectify, and effectively solve the problems in the supervision of catering services.
Back to the origin, English is West Germanic of Germanic of Indo-Europe language system.
The development of English can be divided into three parts according to time.
It went through the ancient English period from the fifth century to the 12th century, the middle English period from the 12th century to the 16th century and the modern English period from 16th century till now.
The first period is the ancient English period from the fifth century to the 12th century.The invading Germanic tribes spoke similar languages, which in Britain developed into what we now call Old English.
Old English did not sound or look like English today.
Native English speakers now would have great difficulty understanding Old English.
Nevertheless, about half of the most commonly used words in Modern English have Old English roots.
The words be, strong and water, for example, derive from Old English.
Old English was spoken until around 1100.
The scend period is the middle English period from the 12th century to the 16th century.
In 1066, William the Conqueror, the Duke of Normandy, invaded and conquered England.
The new conquerors brought with them a kind of French, which became the language of the Royal Court, and the ruling and business classes.
For a period there was a kind of linguistic class division, where the lower class spoke English and the upper classes spoke French.
In the 14th century English became dominant in Britain again, but with many French words added.
This language is called Middle English.
It was the language of the great poet Chaucer, but it would still be difficult for native English speakers to understand today.
The last period is modern English period from 16th century till now.
Towards the end of Middle English, a sudden and distinct change in pronunciation started, with vowels being pronounced shorter and shorter.
From the 16th century the British had contact with many peoples from around the world.
This, and the Renaissance of Classical learning, meant that many new words and phrases entered the language.
The invention of printing also meant that there was now a common language in print.
Books became cheaper and more people learned to read.
Printing also brought standardization to English.
Spelling and grammar became fixed, and the dialect of London, where most publishing houses were, became the standard.
In 1604 the first English dictionary was published.
Though it is an out-of-the-way place.My hometown is located in Shaoyang,Hunan Provice.
The climate is really wonderful in my hometown.Though the years, hometown has tremendous changed.
My favorite season is winter.
I think the sencery is prevail funny.
Snowflake dance sometimes in the sky in winter.
It is like a fairyland.We can skate in winter and make a snowball or a snowman with snowflakes.
People lived in low, old house in the past.
Almost everyone was poor.Now more and more schools,hositals,shops,so and forth have been built.They are living a happy life.
The old city looks new.
I love my hometown not only for these, but also for the people.They are oddly kind and diligence.You are welcomed to visit my hometown.
With the remarkables improvement of people's living standard,computers is more and more common.They have greatly facilitated people's lives.But in my opinion,computers can never take place of libraries,and government should establish free libraries in each town.
The main reasons why I am in favor of establishing free libraries are as follows.Firstly,if government establish libraries,people will go to read books,instead of reading on computers.That can protect their eyes sepecially children's.Secondly,when people are reading on computers,they just glance over quickly.They can't enjoy the happiness of reading and can't cultivate their taste.Finally,nowadays people are busy in working and studying.They ignore communication with others.There is no place better than libraries for people to relax and communicate.In the libraries they can really relax themselves from busy life and chat with people slowly.
From the above analysis,we may arrive at the conclusion that the government should establish free libraries for people.That can not only attract people to enjoy themselves.So it is never be better to support establishing free libraries.
Although now the quality of people's lives have improved,the happiness index of people in decline gradually.Many people think they don't happy,the reason may come from many aspects.May be because of work pressure,feel the salary is not high,but not feel so hard boss.Others may feel not enough care about their own family,feel lonely.There are some people,feel their lovers to oneself is not good enough,not enough love oneself,so,often quarrel happiness between them.In reality,happoness is needing to practice.Learn to find the good things in life experience moving dribs and drabs in life.On practice,may also is this a few aspects,first of all,we should have a meet mentality,don't always pursue some unrealistic things,this will is to reduce their own happiness,let your life is very tired.In addition,we strive to moved feel every bit of life,makes you happy.So,happiness is needing to practise,only to have a good mind,to live more relaxed and happy.People find themselves,as well as our own happiness.
We are happy to inform you that our foods of Sales Confirmation No.J-29 has been shipped S.S."Pearl" and transport S.S."Mayflower" in Hong Kong.
The contract price of the transaction cost and freight.
We had send fax of March 15, 2013 in order to you can insurance timely.
Your sincerely.
the future.
One is interpersonal relationships.If you want to find ideal working in the future that you are interested in and handle easily,you must have a good interpersonal relationships.Whatever you will be at work on,you must be in society.So you must try your best to improve your interpersonal relationships.
Interpersonal relationship is what we need,but we also need another.
The other is working ability.Working ability is a quality that company pays attention to.
Company's aim is to make money and benefits contact with ability.If you have a good working ability and make a lot of money for your company,your company will pay attention to you and you place in company will also be stable.
Now,don't waste your time and work hard for your future.
College is a new leg of the journey through life, I have a longing for it.
First entered the H collegeifound i found it wasnot good, I like all lost my in the mind some rejection.
But after this period of military training and learning, I gradually like the H college.
Like its freedom, warmth, and love.
My roommates are very lively and United, we went to class together, eatting together, in the evening in the bedroom, laughter and constantly feeling very warm.
Our teachers some serious ,some lovely.
Although they spoken was very fast in the classes, i get along with feeling very relaxed and free.
I hope that in their teaching and help, my studies can be easily excellent.
In the end I hope that I can make myself more independent to face the study and life and study how to carry the responsibility at the end of the term.i believe Efforts will be able to succeed!
We confirm having received your letter of APR 10 covering 120 metric tons acorn nut kernels under your order NO.
It is with very much regret to learn that less than 120 metric tons acorn nut kernels when they reached you.
However we are not the party to blame and,therefore,can't entertain your claim.
As clearly indicated in the B/L, all the 120 m/t acorn nut kernels were in perfect condition when they left our port.
There is no doubt that the shortage must have occurred in transit and it's the insurance company who should be held the responsible for your loss.
If necessary, we can send you evidence of the correct shipment so that you can take the matter up with them at your end.
Nevertheless, we thank you for bringing this to our attention.
College is a reflection of the society.
When we are in college, we practice how to survive in the competitive social environment and how to deal with some difficulties in our daily life.
College life will help us to grow up because the stress never changes wherever we are.
When stress comes, what we need to do is to face it.
Stress always around us wherever we are.
People are generally believed that people have less stress when they are in college.
Peer pressure is one of the stress that we always suffer.
What's more, it is the reason why we always try our best to do everything and make sure that we will not be eliminated in the fierce competition when we are in college or in the society.
This kind of stress sometimes makes us so desperate that we can't do anything well.
The worse we did, the more desperate we will be.
The desperate we were, the worse we did.
Then we will be trapped in the circle and cannot get out.
Faced this kind of stress, we should calm down.
Keep your faith whatever happen.
Don't just focus on result and enjoy the progress then the stress may be reduced.
Moreover, the stress in emotion is also the same when you are in college and the society.
We are living in the world where interpersonal relationship is one of the most essential things.
Sometimes you have to pretend to be very friendly to a person who may be one that you hate most.
You may feel so exhausted in the deep of your heart because you have to hide the person who you really are.
Sometimes we have some conflicts with our classmates or colleagues then we choose to be an ostrich.
Those conflicts will last for a long time makes us feel so heartbroken because of misunderstanding.
As time goes by, the friendship between our classmates or colleagues and us fled finally.
That will make us feel tremendous mental stress and we may be desperate for a long time.
The way to save ourselves from this crazy stress is to face it.
Don't be an ostrich, try to change ourselves to adapt to this society.
Then we can let it go and move on.
In addition, it seems that people suffer from the social pressure only when they graduated from the university and stepped into the society.
As a matter of fact, college students also suffer this kind of stress.
As a college student, we will think that whether I should take some exams or not or what should I do will be helpful to myself when I am finding a job in the future.
Especially when they in the last two years of their college, they have to consider what they should do in the next.
I think those things are all included in the social pressure.
The minute you started your career, this stress will be enhanced.
Nevertheless there are still some ways to handle it just when you believe.
Just face it, and the stress may be reduced.
Emerson once said that don't waste life in doubts and fears.
Try to do something that makes you feel relaxed and comfortable.
After all, tomorrow is another day.
Stress always around us no matter how old we are and where we are.
Since we cannot get away from the stress, we should face it, accept it, let it go and move on.
Recently the environmental problems have been brought into focus especially the problem of air pollution in cities which should be solved quickly.
People pay less attention on the problem with the development of our society.
In my opinion, one way to deal with the problem of air pollution in cities is improving people's awareness to the environment.
First, our government should do what they can do.
For example, they can go to the neighbourhood to illustrate what the air pollution is and how harmful it is for our bodies to improve people's awareness to the environment.
And also, to form an environmental-friendly society, the government should stress that what they can do and what they should do.
Secondly, we ourselves should be environmental-friendly persons.
For instance, we should take more public transport rather than drive our private cars to work.
And then try best to influence our family and our friends to do so to improve their awareness.
To sum up, improving people's awareness to the environment is a useful way to deal with air pollution.
Not only our government but also ourselves should try our best to solve this serious problem.
It Is Wise to Make Friends Online.
First,we can get more informatin from them.
What's the most valuable thing in the 21st Century?Information.How can we get the useful information?Communication.Who shall we connect with?Online friends.According to this, the rate we got useful information most depends on our friends in some ways.Online friends can exchange information with us which is involved personal views and details.
Second,we can speak put freely to them.It is normal in real life that we complain about something or somebody but for some reason we couldn't speak out.Then we can talk to online friends while needn't to worry about because they even don't konw whether we are male or female.
Third, when we become friends,we can visiting our online friends.There is a website calle "Couchsurfer" which is based on the friendship between online friends.It rose so fast that has replaced touring party became most popular way to travle.
Make online friends,it will be useful one day.
Practice is a double-edged sword, it should be carefully and objectively look at it.
First of all, the practice is a good way to participate in social practice, and can learn a lot of social experience in the campus.
But as a student, learning is always the first.
To do a good job of the premise is to deal with the relationship between practice and learning, can not lose the learning time is the cost, but should co-ordinate good practice and learning time.
In addition, it should be as much as possible to the internship arrangements in the winter and summer holidays or learning tasks will be lighter.
Practice is the form of social practice required by the school.
The first is to complete the internship, to get the credits, the smooth graduation.
Second, practice provides an opportunity to participate in social practice, the need to understand the work environment and living conditions of enterprises, institutions or other types of employees, increase the understanding of social reality.
Only in this way can we have a good internship experience.
Since i have been to college school for one year and a half,i realized that there are many diffrences between college and high sthool study.
In high shool we are forced to study due to our teachers and parents,who require us to study hard and not allow us to play computer games or watch TV.In college,we are free to do what we like.The study is a voluntary job.We must develop a habbit of self-study.Moreover,in college we have more chances to acquire knowledge.Taking part in varied activities is of vital important for all of us.It provide us with a good way to contact with society,which is not aviailable in high school.
In college school we should pay more attention on learn by oneself.The teacher is only a guide,who can not teach everything .We should put the theroy into realisty and society.
It is true that the high school study is different with college study,but i think if we make efforts in our study,they will become a significant and wonderful memory in our life.
With fears and hopes, I am a University student now.
Life in the university is not the same as I what I expected.
College life is full of challenges, so Iam determined to overcome the obstacles bravely and draw up some plans.
First of all, I am aware of the significance of study.
As a consequence, I will focus time and energy on the study.
Not only will I concentrate on class and finish my homework perfectly, but I will attend to various learning groups after class to expand my scope of knowledge as well.
Besides, Joining the Student Union is my second goal.
I hope I can improve my working ability and communication ability by working in the Student Union in order to stand out in the increasingly fierce social competition.
Last but not least, I look forward to harvesting precious friendship.
I believe if I go forward step by step with practice and progress, and I will fulfill my goals eventually.
I want to comment on Churchills speech from the aspects of the application of figures of speech and some certain words.
Undoubtedly, there are a series of figures of speech in the oration, such as repetition, metaphor, parallel structure and the like, which are all play an important role in making the oration more appealing.
Firstly, Churchill uses a lot of repetition, such as "from this nothing will turn us---nothing", or "we will never parley, we will never negotiate".
No matter it is the repetition of the same word or the repetition of meaning in different words, we can see clearly Churchills adamant attitude---namely, destroy Hitler and every vestige of the Nazi regime.
As a whole, the application of repetition plays an important role in emphasizing Churchills attitude.
From the sentence, we can not only see Churchills adamant attitude, but also the degrees that Churchill hates the Nazi regime.
Churchill also uses some onomatopoetic words, for example, "clanking and heel-clicking".
Although it is just two simple words, it is indeed giving us a feeling as if we are in there and whats more, it makes the scene more vivid.
In addition to, through some words which are used to describe Hun soldiery, such as dull, brutish, and villainous, we can see clearly what Churchill hates Nazi regime on earth.
Finally, as is know to all, leaders who give a speech must have their own purposes.
The oration of Churchill services its purpose very well.
In the speech, he not only shows his adamant attitude several times, but also appeal others to join together to fight on against Nazi regime, for instance, "Any men or state who fights on against Nazidom will have our aid.
Any men or state who marches with Hitler is our foe..." At the end of the speech, he shows his attitude and appeals it again.
So from my point of view, it is an excellent oration.
There are no parents who don't love their children.
Every child is their parents' angle and the most valuable present.
In my early adolescence, I couldn't understand my mother at heart.
There was a deep generation between my mother and me.
I always misunderstood my mother's love for me.
My mother isn't good at presenting her love, so am I. I thought that she didn't love me as usual at all.
In a physical examination, I had a problem and needed to have a small surgical operation.
My mother knew it soon and told my father.
After my entrance for examination for senior-level middle school, she urged my father to take me to hospital as soon as possible.
In the morning of my operation , she came to hospital rather early to say to me:"don't worry and there is nothing serious .
I had the operation successfully and she left to look after me.
In a morning, I went to toilet, companied by her.
Since I didn't pull through entirely, my whole body fell down.
I didn't have strength to support my body.
My mother was so scared and distressed that she couldn't help herself bursting into tears.
Her tears fell down on my face, warm and wet, which were full of her love for me.
All of a sudden, a miraculous strength came to me and I rose to my feet marvelously.
At that moment, there was no doubt about my mother's love for me but just love and thank for my dear mother.
I love my mother who I didn't know about well in the past.
I thank god that gave me such an outstanding and great mother.
Where there is a relation of mother and children, there is a beautiful and marvelous story.
Love needs understanding each other and you need discovering eyes and a loving heart.
In social society, reading has become a significant part of our life.
Just as Golgi once said, the book is the ladder of human progress.
On the one hand, there is no doubt that reading often has an important on a personal learning and growth.
In proper time, reading the right book can light on our emotional spark and let us read more, understand more, and enjoy more.
In proper time, reading the right book can light on our emotional spark and let us read more, understand more, and enjoy more.
What's more, reading can broaden our horizon.
On the other hand, some people think that the best way to learn is through practice, and learning best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using our senses, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.
One of reading's disadvantages is that reading is easy to fall into loneliness.
In my opinion, we should read more books.
Because books can teach us a lesson, and a book is not only a store of knowledge, but also a good teacher and helpful friend.
It can teach us how to write and behave.
When we are alone, it can be like a good friend to stay with you.
When we have difficulties, it will give us a reasonable answer, and make problems be solved.
Reading is a kind of feeling, which can let our life become colorful.
My former schoolmate of years will visit me today.
my exam.
girl with long, black hair.
In order to be seen more easily, she will wear a red skirt.
Some people say it's like a wall blocking your way towards success.
Others say it is the steeping stone helping you achieve your aim.
Whatever you want to do, the only thing we can confirm is that you must face stress which comes from various sides.
Some people fail because they can not withstand the failure, while some others are striving for stress.
Thinking about if you ever had this kind of experience: when you are in a smooth case, you can not achieve even a single success.
However, you may do more faultlessly in frustration or through failure.
Scientific research shows that the best work is most accomplished under the condition of pressure.
What pressure can bring to us is not only negative mood, but also the power of endeavour.
Those who aim high can always sustain more than ordinary people, because they can turn pressure into motivation.
Perhaps the storm will come unexpectedly to make you fall in sense of loss, and then you don't need to bother it but keep straight.
Always remember where there is no sorrow, there is no joy.
Life is full of unexpected things.
If you can bear the pressure, picking yourself up after a stumble, you are sure to be more confident to face later experience.
Angular people just realize that the reality is made of firm stones, so they are scared of fighting against it, while the wise is good at exploring cracks of stone.
Those obstacles are challenges and opportunities as well for them.
The ideal often conflicts with the reality.
Maybe there is a beacon in your mind, but it seems elusive, torturing your spirit.
Maybe you want to get perfect results, but only make a mess.
Facing pressure, we should keep an optimistic attitude.
Pressure creates opportunities for people to reflect themselves, and makes people mature.
The ancients once said that woods keep straight with rope and gold keeps solid with quenching.
From ancient to modern times, none of those who succeed could escape from pressure.
Generally hard environment makes people sink, but if you treat difficulties as motivation, you will find it enlightened and bright open.
Stress is inevitable, but for most of the time it is also meaningful.
Whether you would succeed doesn't depend on how little times you fail, but how many times you overcome the pressure and come again and again.
Life may be disappointing.
Stress of life may bow your head.
If you stay stagnant at this point, you will quit forever.
As long as you endure the stress and take a step forward again, there will always have a door towards success waiting for you.
Now online shopping has become a kind of fashion and an increasingly number of person are not wiling to go out and selection in online shopping.
Online shopping has many advantages it is convenient and fast and don't waste the time it takes to go shopping at ordinary times,so that you don't have to go out to be able to buy the thing that oneself like but he also exist a lot of problems online shopping may we be fooled and is not safe buy also not oneself to like we also will not experience the joy of buying the thing.
I don't approve of online shopping not only we may be cheated and often use the computer to people health also is not good but online shopping has favorable place so I think we should moderately online shopping.
My favorite sport is badminton.
I often play it once a week with my classmate.
After I checked my weight, l decided to go on a diet.
The best way is playing the badminton.
