As far as many people's concerned, this kid of academic dishonesty has disadvantages on students.
The harmful effects are as follows: To begin with, coping with no citation is an illegal action, which means that you stole others' ideas or achievement.
Furthermore, to download others' papers is harmful to your mind.
You don't use your brain anymore and advoid thinking when face to the assignments more.
So that you will never have any new things or fresh ideas in you mind.
You should become to a machanical man.
Last but not least, This act effects your future life, work and so on.You always call "SOS" when get an assignment.As a result, in life, you will be weak and incompetent when you meet some difficulties.
In company, maybe you will be an information thief.
To avoid this harmful action, schools should educate their students in an efficient way or call for" Don't be an academic thief.
Students themselves need to perfect their academic virtue and inspire themselves by reading more good books.
Only in this way, can this phenomenon be reduced.
Now,I most concerned of my study.
I can not study better.
I can not get a good grade,especially to my English grade especially my English scores,has not been very ideal.
My English is very bad.
I had a failure in my English test.
It is very terrible.
I feel very sad.
I am not interested in English.
I feel it so difficult.
When I want to read an English book,I feel headache.
But,I know I should change my mind now.
If I want to learn English better, I must be interested in learning English.
I will make a plan in studying English.
At first,I will read English books every day,listen to English songs,watch English movies and so on.
I will remember the new words every day.
I hope I can improve my English.
It is no denying that it is necessary for us to read.
Reading, like other activities, brings unique pleasures to the readers.
It plays an essential role in our daily life.
For example, it is easy for us to access to the wisdom of ages and delighting stories.
What's more, we can broaden our horizon and enhance the understanding of the world.the people and ourselves .Above all, we can acquire the pleasure of the mind.
It can bring us to another world which the book shows.
The more we read the more knowledge we gain, therefore, let's enjoy reading and enrich our knowledge.
When I was a kid, my parents and I lived in a small house, which had only one bedroom.
I still remember how badly I desired to have a bedroom.
One day, we moved to a new house, a nicely furnished one.
I got a lovely bedroom.
I was on top of the world that day.
I couldn't wait to decorate this room, just as what I constantly did in my dream.
I hung a few posters on the wall.
I asked my father to paint the wall to blue.
Blue symbolizes inner peace.
The blue-painted room was more likely to be enveloped in a quiet atmosphere.
Curtains were taken away from my bedroom.
I enjoyed the sun shine and the drop of rain.
I didn't want to be trapped in a box like a bird in a cage.
I didn't need an alarm clock because the warmth of sun and twittering of birds could wake me up.
When it was raining, the rhythm of the rain could wash through my soul.
Nowadays, I live in the dormitory.
The life is interesting.
But once I lay on the bed, the pretty bedroom always comes into my sight.
The strategy expanding demestic demand is put forward by China to deal with the financial crisis of Aisa.
When expanding importial and making contributions for the global economy, China goes on to expand demestic demand and demestic demand improve an economic growth.
The huge demestic demand is the power to develop the China economy, which decides that China attaches great importance to demestic demand.
The difficulty and key are consumption at the same time potential also is consumption.
China should focus on expanding consumption ability, stabilize consumer expectations, enhance consumption willing and improve consumption environment.
The column"Foreign Culture"the English newspaper in our school will publish an article about the American festival custom and the life of middle school students.
I wish you can write the article with me.
We will write around 400 words.
We must hand it in before June 28th.
I think we can write the Thanksgiving Day, it's the paramount day in America.
Can you tell me your daily life and your hobby.
I think the life of American students can be very different from Chinese students.
For example the students in America should not take morning and night lesson.
But we must take lessons until 9pm.
I'm very happy to write an article with you.
I wish you might have a good life with the new school.
Make a good friefdship is also important to you .because the teacher and classmates will attend with a long time than you mother and father.
That's all.if you have some questions i will do my best to answer you.wish you could be a better man.
I think English is an important language.
As a Chinese we always believed learning English is a waste.
However,with the development going so fast,just knowing Chinese is far from the aim we should arrive.
Firstly,English had spread many countries,China as a leading country should make correct decision.
So English plays a key role in many respects,such as traveling,commercial etc.Secondly,learning English also could improve personality,you could also have many choices.
Like the job need you know English.
Thirdly,language is the tool of communication,handing a spread language is necessary.
All above are myself opinion.
So standing on my point learning English is important.
This year is my first time that I didn't spend the Spring Festival with my family in Tianjin.I went to Hainan to go on holiday.I always felt a bit sad,especially on the New Year's Eve.
After giving my grandma a call,I missed her very much.I thought of my grandma's care in my daily life,then I couldn't help crying in the carridor.
Maybe I let out such a sharp cry,an old lady came out to see what happened.She was my neighbour in the apartment.She walked up to me,with pity in her face.She touched me by the shoulder and asked what was wrong with me softly.I told her the reason why I felt so sad.
She seemed to understand something.She held my hand and walked toward her room.I got a shock:nobody was in the room,but there was a great number of dishes on the table.She invited my father too.She said that her husband had died since several years ago and she had to spend the Spring Festival lonely,we were lonely just right,so she invited us.I was very surprised.
During the dinner,she raised me up all the time,served meals for me, and told me some of her interesting experiences.Soon, I felt happy and warm instead of sadness.We watched TV together on the sofa with luagh.
In this way,we spent a nice evening.I didn't feel sad any more.I was so moved by her behavior.She made me feel warmer than that I felt at home.
I can't forget her smile and the experience.This is the best Spring Festival which I have spent.This is my unforgettable thing during winter holiday.
my name is X.
Born on September,20th,1997, I was the youngest children in my family.
I have two elder sister.we love each other but we never said i love you.
I like listen to music and sometimes sing with the songs.
I like to watch movies.But interestingly ,i have never go to the theater.Is it funny?
I also like to play badminton .I think sport can let me relax and make me more healthy .
My hobbies are very common.
Do you think so?But the most different hobbies i have is that i am crazy about skating.I love skating,but i am afraid of hurt.
So,up to now,i can't play it.
But i will try my best to learn it .
In my future, i hope to become an office lady,like the woman in the movies.
Because they have regularly time to relax and i think they all have ability to deal with everything.Or i will have a cake house.Because i think sweets can make people happy.
I want to make more happiness to my customer and at the same time,making sweets can make me happy.It is a good idea to both me and my customer,isn't it?
In my college, i want to not only have a good grade in my lesson but also in my clubs.
I joined many clubs ,all of them are my love.I want to have a balance between hobbies and lessons.
As we all know, knowledge can make fortune.
Getting a good education can equip ourselves and improve our personal skill.
Now the competition for the job in the society is extremely strong and there are usually strict requirement.
So we should get knowledge broadly and learn deeply.
What we should do in our life is to adapt to the change of the society.
What`s more, getting a good education can offer us job opportunities more than others.
In addition, getting a good education can make a good contribution to society.
And we can use our knowledge to improve our world.
Along with the advance of the society, more and more problems are brought to our attention, one of which is that the Housing Problem.
As a result of the population growth,living in cities becomes a very big intension.
In the process of modern urban development, we often find ourselves in a dilemma.
The large population and expensive housing price are main accout to this problems.
Now that we entered into the morden age, we should use devolping foresight work out this.
As far as I am concerned, the goverment should undertake the responsibility to reduce the real estate price soaring sky-high and take effective measures and asign the policy to let the citizens live.Of courese, citizens also need to raise themselvse ability to find a good job to undertake the housing price.
As long as we goverment and citizens work together, any problems will resolve , a harmony and economy city will appear soon.
Most college graduates cannot find the jobs he or she major in college after they graduating from university because they want to live in big cities such as Beijing and Shanghai .
they thinks stay in the big cities can give them a bright future though they may have to live through a tough time .
Indeed there have.
In my mind , the majority of girls used to thinking more about their lover or family except a very few girls who want to be a super woman .
But boys always tend to find jobs which can give them good chances to develop .
I believe these situations are decided by the society , as we all know , it is become more and more difficult in finding an ideal job for graduates who leaves college not long , but they have a lot of stress.
They have to find a good job to live up to their parents' expectation.
Then I searched some picture on the computer.
"They are Eatern Royal Tombs of the Qing Dynasty.
They are the largest extant Mausoleum complexes in China.
He said, and became excited.
Of course, I took him to my hometown last vacation.
Nowadays,many people bagin to ralize the important of their health.someone think they only consider their food to keep their health.They eat less salt, less oil.Another people think they only consider the execise .They do execise every day,such as running,Yoga,training,and so on.But I think if you want to keep your body health,you should do both of them.
We eat food every day,and the food is the most important source of our bady.we can get energy from food.So,wheather the food is good or bad,it is ralated with our body.Thus,many people choose the "green-vegetables"or other green food to eat.In spite of having the green food,we also should consider the execises,it is nessary for us to fo it.It can petect ourself from disease and other serious sicks.So we can do it every one hour a day three times a week.And the last point,we should keep our emotion happy,and happy to do very thing.
So,in a word,if we want to keep our psychologically health,we should do everthing for it.it is not simpol and easy to keep it.We should pay a more pation and consist on doing it .Thus we can get our tagerts.
Everyone has his own dream.
I have my own dreams.
I have a lot of dreams.
In the past, I had a dream .
Nowadays, I have a dream.
In the future, I'll still have a dream.
As the time goes by, I changed my dream over and over again.
At the age of 5, my dream was to be a doctor when I grew up.
Neither did I know why I had such a dream like this .
But I think it might be a fancy.
It was a fancy that I made when I was a little boy.
At that time, I didn't know what a dream is at all, so I made the fancy.
A few years passed, I changed my dream.
When I was in Grade 6, my dream was to be an English teacher for the reason that I think it a great job to be a teacher .
At that time, I learnt English hard so as to accomplish my dream.
I used to remembere words and recite phrases.
I almost read English books every day.
Even I spent most of my time in learning it.
When I was in senior school, I changed my dream again.
I would dream of being an English translator when I grew up.
In order to realize my dream, I learnt English harder than ever before.
As I learnt it diligently, I did well in written English.
What's more, I often discussed with my English teacher about grammar and corrected some essays written by my classmates.
At that time, my classmates often said that learnding English meaned that I didn't love my motherland.
I sticked to learning English despite I was laughed at by others.
That's the power of dream.
After the college entrance examination, I chose Business English as my major because I dreamt of being an English translator in the future.
I believe that I can learn it well .
I believe I can achieve my dream some day, So I'll never give it up.
Whatever hapeens, I'll never give it up.
Nowadays, in college, my dream is still to be an English translator in the future because I like English and that job best .
I believe I can do it well.
Yes, I can.
However, I found out that I have a good command of written English and have a poor coomand of verbal English.
So I plan to practise speaking more .
In order to make my dream come true, I have got to make a perfect plan for myself.
Firstly, I should try to stick to having a reading every morning in spite of the cold weather.
Secondly, I must go to the library to study by myself when I am in my spare time.Thirdly.
I had better often chat with my friends who can speak English well in English online.
Fourthly, I had better keep an English diary every day.
Finally, I am supposed to speak English with foreigners more often.
Everyone's thoughts about their dreams vary from person to person.
However, not all people can keep on their plans.
I think we should make an attempt to achieve our dream.
And I believe that there is no better time to start than today with unlimitted enthusiasm and instistant on your dream.
Let's take actions to start and insist on our dreams.
Although I changed my dream over and over again, I'm still sticking to achieving my dream.
I'll never give it up and I will achieve it some day.
In Africa,every morning antelope open his eyes,the first thought is"I have to run faster than lions which run the fastest,otherwise I would be eaten by them.
".At the same time,the lion wakes up too.the thought that"I must catch up the antelopes that run the fastest,if not, I would starve"flashes his mind.Thus,almost in the meantime,both of them are jumping rapidly and running toward sun.
Life is like this,whether you are antelope or lion,when the sun rises,you should rush forward without hesitation.
In my mind,grasp now is she most important thing.Because we all know a saying that every journey begins with a single step.So if you want to be something important,just do it,just now,today is top concern.But in our life there are so many people don't like do this.they seem like have a kind of procrastination.They like make one thing to drag and drop in the future.In fact,it's a wrong thought.Today is top concern,so let's change our lazy just do it right now.From now on,I'm sure that if we can change it,we'll go to a better life.Whatever where and when, please remember that Today is top concern.
According to the picture,we can see that more and more food ingredients which are bad for people's health are adding to the food.It might seem that the new members are popular to the old member.Next,I give you my opinion about the reasons.
In my opinion,the main reason is that the producers want to gain more benefit.On one hand,they can use these ingredients to attract the attention of the people,so they can sell these food well.Finally they can gain more benefit.On the other hand,they can use them to lower the cost.The other reason is that people's need is imposing.They not only need more,but also want to taste more delicious food.To satisfy them,the producers have to take all kinds of measures.
In order to protect the health of the people,everyone should do something.As producers,they should raise their professional moral consciousness.Pay more attention to the food safety instead of the benefit.As the customers,we should not go for the taste of the food.When we buy something,please read the instruction carefully.The other way is the governments' measure.They should enhance the inspection and punish these illegal producers by enacting the new law.
Now,let's do it together and we can forgive disease well.
 Nowadays,with the rapid development of modern science and technology.Mobile phones are continually updating.Last but no least,mobile phones are building increasingly important influence on people's daily life.
 Mobile phones have became an essential part of our modern daily life .It has brought immense benenifits to mankind.Take a look around and you will find examples too numerrous to list.A good case in point is that brings convenience tp people like helping students solve the problems they are faced with.And what's more,it is helpfui for us to look for information we need.What's the most of all,it makes people quickly get in touch with their family and friends.
 However,mobile phone has also created many problems.For example,most people bow their head to play mobile phones in all day leading to eyesight drops.
 Confronted with such two kinds of consequence,we must learn the proper use of mobile phone.Only this way can we avoid the harm from the mobile phone.
Recently,lovers who haven't got married but habitation together is a unremarkable phenomenon,especially among the college students.
It's not only a sensetive topic,but also an important issue in our society.
When talking about this chart,different people have different opinions.Some people can accept it and think it's good for love's developing.But others don't think so.In their mind,it's foolish to cohabitation before get married.
It is well known that the food people eat goes into the body through the mouth,gullet,stomach and intestine.But how does the nutrition get to the cells?Dr.William Beaumont found out by observing a wounded stomach that what gave rise to digestion,a process of the changes in food as it went through the digestive tract was juice.And then Ivan P.Pavlov, a Russian scientist found out by an experiment on a dog's stomach how the juice was created.Now we know when food enters the mouth,a nerve impulse goes to the medulla.This is then "reflected" back by the nerves to the stomach.When the impulse reaches the stomach,the muscles contract and the cells secrete their juices, a hormone which makes the stomach's juice-secreting cells pour out more juices into the blood.So the food is made to keep changing from big ones to small ones.In four or five hours,it enters the intestine,which will bring out a whole new set of cells secreting in the intestine as well as in the liver and the pancreas.At this time the food has been broken down into molecules small enough to be moved by the cells of the intestine into the blood vessels.
SOHO lifestyle provides convenience and becomes popular among young people.
There are many reasons that can contribute to SOHO lifestyle.Frist,access to Internet enables people to do their work at home.And people prefer working at home to going to the company.Working at home also save time a lot.Second,people can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home.They can control their time freely.Third,people can have a well-balance life by taking good care of both their jobs and families.Then,people may fall relax and less stress to make full use of their talent.Talence is sometimes associated with mood.Fourth,people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about the complicated relationship with other people.
I am a red star middle school senior high school students Li Hua.I know you are still in the United States but now I have a very interesting activity that I don't know if you have the will to join us.I am now going to take part in the dragon boat training camp.This training camp will start and will be held in Wuhan during the summer holidays.Believe that this activity will be very lively.The participants of the event are some of the students who are interested in it.want to take part in this activity because I am very interested in the Chinese traditional dragon boat and have a group of friends to play together also very fun.This is all I want to say, I don't know if you are interested in this.I really hope that you can join me in this activity.I hope you can give me a reply as soon as possible.
Up to today, marijuana is prohibited by law in our state as a drug.
Nevertheless the contemporary online had a heated discussion about "legalization of marijuana should be or not" .The phenomenon was engendered by the entertainment circle's stars using drugs frequently.
Many people thought that marijuana is not a drug.They claimed that marijuana is not addictive and the harm is not more than drinking alcohol.Now many states have the legalization of marijuana.So our country should also legalize marijuana.Nevertheless in my recommendation,this is all for marijuana doesn't appreciate the ridiculous conclusions.
Cigarette and alcohol are addictive,but most of the harm have an effect on their own physical, while dreadful marijuana smoking more or was used for other purposes which can bring about a greater negative impact.
In reality, marijuana is a kind of drug.The major ingredient is hydrogen marijuana.If marijuana was overused for a long time,there is a variety of the unfavorable influence to the body.So even those states where marijuana was prohibited, it also remains as a drug.According to the police and the media,drug cases' research shows that although some drugs such as marijuana are seen as a recreational drug,and have some disparities with "extreme" drugs such as heroin.Nonetheless they can make smokers in a misfortune.
Once the legalization of marijuana that will make it easier for drug pushers to get more other drugs from marijuana.
Furthermore, there will be more young people that get stuck in drug problem because of notions and self-control's absence.Eventually they have a wrong life.
Marijuana should be legalized?We all have no concept.However, at this stage, I suppose marijuana should not be legalized.No one can foresee direct and potential danger which the legalization of marijuana brings us.
Nowadays,the problems of the food safety is ongoing concerns about.Although we did not directly affected by food damage,We also have the awareness of the seriousness of this problem.
It is the problem which we often ignore has influence on our lives and the social harmony.Some company with no responsible for people use illegal cooking oil or tainted milk to make products so that they can get more proceeds,however,we have to face those unhealthy foods on the grounds that we have little aware of the food safety.
We should improve the food safety awareness .For example,try to avoid contains unduly chemical additive of objects such as junk food.Make sure that your food is cleaned and have no pesticide on it before eat.
Whatever these forces may be,we should keep the food around us not contaminated,after all,disease enters by the mouth,we should Protect ourselves all the time.
The people who i love most is my father,with him i can got so many joys,he is a people who has left a deep expression on me .When i was young,he often played with me and bought me many kinds of good-tasting snack.
On my grade five,i was fond of playing computer games.So i failed to pass the finally examation.
It means i can't go to a good high school.Iwas regret not studying well .During this time,my father gave me a lot of courage.He told me"Nothing in the world is difficult for one who sets his minds to it.
"With his help ,i made great progress.
The next year,i was succeed to achieved my dream.
Please all classmates listen to me.I'm the propaganda department minister of the student union.
Now I tell you one thing.The Professor White in the Beijing university will have a lecture on "the importance of learning English" in the school gym from 2:30 to 4:30 on Friday afternoon on February 27.Please all classmates can arrive on the stroke.
At the same time, all classmates have to go back to the classroom to discuss the meeting and make your English study plan after the lecture.
Mobile phone that symbols the development of science is a tool to communicate with others.
Of course, it makes it possible to talk with persons who are not standing near you or even in a long distance.
With mobile phones, things seem to be easier to spread.
But we also face up with challenges.
On the one hand, phones make communicate easily so that we don't see each other for a long time and then the friendship between us will be lost.
On the other hand, if we live without mobile phones for just one day, we would be bored, because using them has become part of our life which influences us enormously.
In my view, mobile phones do good to us.
But we should know that it's also bad for communication.
So we have to use it suitable.
Meeting our friends and talking with them face to face are the best way.
Animals like human beings--- they live with their companion and family together.
They also have life.
To sum up, there are two types of animals---pets and wild animals.
Even though they all called "animal", they also have some differences.
Generally speaking, pets are gentler than wild animals.
So, we should treat them with different ways.
When it comes to pets, I think they are our friends or family.
We need to take good care of them, such as feed them food, take them a bath and take them out with us.
When we are unhappy, we can talk with them, play with them and put them in our arms.
As time goes by, we will have very deep feelings and they would be touched by us.
And I believe that they would not hurt us.
In my opinion, animals that are kept in the zoo live unhappy because they lost their freedom.
On the contrary, wild animals are more dangerous than pets, we should away from them.
However, their fate is tragic.
As we know, many wild animals are killed by hunters, their meats are eaten by people and their furs are made into clothes.
In addition, we can see many stray animals in the street.
They may have been abandoned by their owners or lost.
The correct methods are take them home or send them to PETA.
Namely, we shouldn't hunt them, life is precious.
We should respect the life, even animals.
In a nutshell, we live with animals in a same world.
Thus, we should live in harmony with them.
Protect animal duty of everyone.
Nowadays,social network websites have rapidly increased in popularity.People have different opinions towards them.
Some in favour of them hold the view that they can share joy and sorrow with their friends wherever or whenever.Moreover,people,especially the office workers,can escape from the enormous pressure and feel relieved for just a while when they play the interesting games social network websites provide.
However,opponents argue that it is the social network websites that produce the opportunities that neighbours drop in.To make matters worse,a great many people have been addicted to them and wasted a lot of time which they should have spent on their work or study.
As far as I am concerned,social network websites offer us a good platform to be informed of our friends and what's happening in the world.Only when the advantage are fully taken of can we get the most benefits from the social network websites.
My name is X and my English name is Eva,with the glass on my nose every.To my peased,l am come of age in this year.
ShanWei, my hometown,is surrounding by sea and mountains,where is the most beatiful region in my eyes.
As far as l am concerned,l am a strange girl.For example,l like singing but no dancing .l like seeing the sports games but no doing it.l like going to swimming but no closing it.
However,l am also a shy girl.Not only am l afraid of talking with the stranger,but also l fear to speak on the plate from.
By the way,l am as well as a pay attantion to my health girl,because l eat an apple every day.And,there is an old saying that one apple a day ,can the doctor away.
Now I have learned your letter and completely know which you are worry about.First,many people will meet the case like that,and almost everyone will go away.So you are just a student.Also you aren't so strong as them.Then you shouldn't have a guilty conscience that makes you feel sorry about the boy.Do not to fight with the three tough guys,that did no good.Finally you will be injured in this case.On the other hand,if you want to assist the boy,you should be clever that you can phone to the police or other people for help.I wish you can keep happy in your life.
My favourite animal is a leopard.
Becuase it's ferocious.
It's yellow and black.
It's has two round eyes, a sensitive nose, four legs, a long tail, sharp teeth and claws.
It can run very fast.
It doesn't eat grass, but it eats meat and other animals.
I like it very much.
The death penalty has a long history, playing a vital role in punishing the criminals in the old days.However,with the development of our society, it has become a step back .More harm than good has been done to our country.
Compared with other countries,our death penalty goes against with the international trend.
The death penalty is totally an ignorance of human rights.
More than half of the countries have abolished it.
It has a negative effect on the communication with the other fellows.
What's worse,it is in the way of the realization of the two purposes of our penalty .One of them is to prevent the criminals doing bad again.The death penalty has ended their lives as well as the rights to improve themselves to serve others.The other one is to keep other citizens from committing the same crime .As we can see ,in spite of lots of cases ending in the death penalty , criminals has not lessened.
At last ,the death penalty has brought lots of side effects .The most obvious one is the big influence on their families .Their parents feel heart-broken, seeing their children being put into the prison .Moreover ,their children suffer the lack of economic support and the discrimination of the society ,which affects their education ,relationships with others and even job-hunting .Meanwhile ,the death penalty has driven the criminals to be more cruel .For them ,they are destined to be killed .Nothing can be worse .Before being caught ,they dare to do anything.Also ,it is not good for the forming of the teenagers' value system .It tells them it is proper to kill others if you have legal reasons .This makes them become indifferent to human 's life ,the most valuable thing in the world .
Here,we can clearly know that the death penalty is a step back of our society .We should lessen or abolish it to a certain extent.
Peer pressure is really a kind of big pressure.
Because you have the same time and he/she definitely do better than you.
Someone may be having succeeded in their field.
But for the most time peer pressure is from those people around you, and strike you most.
When I just enter to my university, I was in the happiness of getting 140 in the University Entrance Exam and thought I was the best in our class in english.
However,there are allways something you didn't expect showed up.
There is someone who called Huang Jingyu, from Sichuan shocked me.
Suddenely I feel the confidence that I took over a decade to build up just broke down.
I feel big pressure from that guy.
That year we attend a speech competition, and he got the first prize while I just got the third prize whitch depressed me most.
Some times things goes that way that you feel pressure from your classmates, your friends, but you never think how others feel about you.
Just a few days ago I attent that speech competition again with another man who is senior student at this university.
We talked a lot on the bus, I was really suprised to know that I have got him felt pressed.
Last winter we have a presentation competition in our college.
I didn't take that seriously and so did he.
I remember I just put a few pictures on my PPT.
I just got an outline and things all depends on luck.
But I have never thought of the pressure I caused.
So we get peer pressure from others and we cause peer pressure to the others too.Don't look down at youself.
You are good somewhere may be you just don't know where.
You may feel bitter, You may feel uncomfortable, but that doesn't mean you are not good.
I once three months to go to the Paris on average, so I pick up not a few Fench.
Last month, I experienced travel which is worst ever.
When I arrived at the airport, I reminded suddenly that a case was lost in the hotel.
But, when I back to the airport again, the plane was taking off.
With the growing number of our neighborhood members turned to be isolated while some of our neighborhoods used to be good friend became strange.Careers and work do much more than communicating with others to provide oneself with what is necessary for life.I can't deny it.Nonetheless I think the happiness is also necessary.If you just only lived dependent on you material life,though you would be happiness,it's superficial.
As the chairman of our neighborhood community,I have many ideas to make this status quo better.First of all,we can hold some parties at regular intervals,for instance,dancing party,tea forum,or some mini-games to respond to the situation decreased of public activity.
The second,our community can take some money to build some public recreation facilities.We can swim together,play basketball together,play badminton together,which places can gather people,and these sports have one thing in common with,all demands two or more people in.
The third,set up newspaper about writing our neighborhood's something new,just as Bluce's son graduate from his college or Lee got a promotion.
At last,the sense of all members of our community is the most important is hope to connect with the others.In the modern life, the concept of neighborhood not only living in a community but also means a friendship as a saying goes distant kinsmen mean less than close neighbours.
Currently, it is reported that an army of people enjoin dancing in the square to relax or kill their free time, especially for the old people.
While at the same time, the issue whether the elders should dance in the square or not has immediately sparkled a heated debate among the public.
Attitudes towards it vary from person to person.
As far as I am concerned, I will put my view on dancing in the square.
Here are several reasons accounting for my viewpoint.
To begin with, it is extremely impolite to dance in such occasion.
The morning is the most important time to each person.
If you you are enjoining the beautiful time in sleeping, while there comes a loudly music, which can nearly kill you.
What' more, dancing in the square maybe will trouble a sea of people, maybe their time or their life style will be disturbed.
All in all, it is not a good way for the elders to dance in the square, because it is really impolite.
Another equally important reason is that the square is not the dancing room.
The old dancers get up early ever morning , get together in the square and dance with the loudly music just want to do some exercise and make their more healthy or long life.
But in other hand, there's so many way to keep healthy or long-life.
A good case is that they can climb mountains with their friends.
Or do some other quilt activities.
Even though they can turn down the voice of the music when they are dancing.
In addition, they can also choose the park to dance, the reason is that the air in the park is more fresher than the square.
The most important reason is that there's a few people in the park at the vary beginning morning, that is a good place for them to dance and do some exercise without disturb any one.
This is a win-win thing for the elders and the citizens.
Last but not least, thinking for others is the Chinese traditional vitul we should followed.
The elders and the citizens should be respected, they should think for each other.
On the one hand, the elders should make their music more softly and not more loudly.
On the another hand, the citizens should think for the elders, too.
Maybe they can give the old dancers some advice and communicate with them.
Only in this way, may they understand each other well, alone with a happy life.
From what has been stated above, we can easily draw the conclusion that dancing in the square or the house people live in is should be forbidden.
What's more, some effective measures should be taken by the government.
The government can build some buildings for these kind of elders.
And they can talk with the dancers and the citizens , and build their relationships.
Only in this way, may they have a harmonious relationship, alone with a beautiful life.
The sodium cyclamate is greeted to the melamine,the taint steamed buns and the clenbuterol's .This picture show us that our food have many insecurities.
These additives state that people's understanding of the food's security risks is not high.It even can indicate that people's qualities are dropping in some aspects.
In now society,these peddlers seek excessive profits by using various means.They even hurt people's health.Melamine,the taint steamed buns,clenbuterol and the sodium cyclamate sodium one by one appeared.These peddlers even add additives to baby formula.These shocking and heinous acts brought huge damage to the health of the people.
But I think the reason that lead the food unsafely is not only the peddlers' greed.It also include people's less acknowledge about the food security problems.
So,in order to assure our food safety,we should improve our protective measures.We should eat more green food.We also need to know how to identifying safety food.Of course,in other aspect,our government should give these peddlers severely punish according to the relevant laws.
According to the graph from above.78 percent of TV viewer watch Sports.which is far ahead of other TV program.
News is in second place with 68% viewers.
While 54 percent of viewer watch Movies.What's more, documentary and specials are less popular,with 42 percent and 20 percent.
As we know.sports are popular throughout the world.
It occupies the market.Why do viewers like watching sports programs?There are several reasons.
One of the reasons is that we can relax ourselves via sports.
We are always under the pressure because of the busy work, also.we can get the pleasant from sports.
People will release the pressure through the excitement from the sports.
Generally speaking.sports are a way for people to take away the tension as well as the tiredness.
Secondly.sports will bring us enthusiasm.
Besides, people can know the culture .A lot of viewers are attracted by the landscape or history in other coutry .
Not only can they meet their aesthetic desires.but also they can rich theirsleves.
Thus.sports become a common interest for all of the people in the world.
Winter vacation is coming but that doesn't mean to stop learning English.
So I make a plan of learning Englisn every day.
Stick to make use of all can use the time to learn English every day.
First, daily dictation article and in this paper as the center, I heard that reading and writing practice.
All carry MP3, once I have the free time to listen to this passage.
On the weekend, I will watch a foreign movie and the important thing is listening, listening yo the countless times.
Besides, I should read and try to retell the passage dictation, then note that in the process of reading correct pronunciation.
Next, I will read a newspaper in English weekly.
Finally, I think I can translate the article into Chinese every day.
If I am earnest implementation of this plan, I believe I can learn English well.
A harmonious dormitory life is of vital importance to college students.
According to a recent survey by China Daily, a high proportion of students believe that they can have a good rest and put full heart into study in a pleasant dormitory atmosphere.
Following ways can be adopted to create and maintain a harmonious dormitory life.
To begin with, we should get rid of our bad habits, such as staying up late for nothing.
By doing so, nobody will be affected by others, and the chances of possible conflict between roommates will be reduced.
In addition, we are supposed to develop and establish friendship with our roommates by sharing our happiness and sorrows with them.
Finally, we should try our best to help the roommates in need.
To conclude, a harmonious dormitory atmosphere can be gradually created if the above steps are taken.
As a harmonious dormitory life plays a significant role in college students' studies and life, it is advisable for every student to contribute to an enjoyable dormitory culture with openness and tolerance.
As a student ,I think ,we should devote more enery to our study because we have much to learn .So I have been prepared for it .First ,I must make a good and useful study plan which I can follow all the time.
Second, I should follow our teachers' advice .Third, I should be confident and cheerful all the time before difficulty.
I must tell myself in my mind that I can make it .I believe that only by this way can I succeed.
The time for me to study English has become less and less since I got in university.
It has been a such short period of only two lectures of 4 hours a week.
But I always appreciate for teacher's efforts which led me that never stop English studying.
It is my honors of knowing you the such wonderful teacher and to be your student.
During lecture, you were not just reading thought the testbook, but always motivate us and that provided so much interesting of studying to us.
This is the most successful point and also why you're different from others.
Here, I would like to have some suggestions -- as the English to be our second launage, I hoped that if teacher could also show us some movies and have a little talks about culture difference and so on in middle of lecture, that will surely highly increase our interesting of study.
The term is ended soon.
I would like to take this opportunily to say "thank you", and apologize for those fews times of lectures which I missed.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.It has aroused a fierce discussion over whether private cars have more advantages or disadvantages.
From my personal experiment, I consider that private cars have more advantages than disadvantages,which will be introduced in the following paragraphs.
Admittedly,there are many disadvantages of using private cars.
For example,nowadays,traffic jam which caused by private cars is becoming more and more serious.It seems that riding bike is going to be much faster than driving cars in the near future.It can be imagined that overmuch private cars may become an encumbrance in the future.
but also maintain the social stability,therefore,private cars cannot be repalced.
As a conclution,private cars have more advantages than disavantages.
With the development of economics ,the number of Internet users is increasing.
So the Internet on interpersonal communication plays an important role in our daily lives.But there are many advangtages and disadvantages towards it.
Maybe it is convenient for us to have communication through Internet.We can save much time .Moreover,we can say what we want to say on it.We do not to care what others think about.
However ,there are also many disadvantages about it .firstly ,if we always use the computer to communicate ,which will do damage to our system.What is more ,if we have a deal on the Internet,some bad man maybe steal our information ,so it is unsafe for our account.
All in all ,if we use Internet to communicate properly ,which will benefit for our lives.
Along with the advance of the society, more and more controversial issues have been brought to our attention, one of which is that reading effects on people.
For that, different people have different views.
Just as the saying goes:"so many people so many minds".
It is quite understandable that views on this issue vary from person to person.
In my opinion, I think that it is absolute significant for people to read.
Therefore reading is an absolutely meaningful thing and the reasons can be as follows: for one thing, people can acquire some information from books is where in other places they don't know and accumulate their own knowledge.
For another, books not only give us knowledge but also give us eudaemonia, because reading can enrich our life, let our life become colorful, not plain.
What's more, reading can purify our soul, it can let us know what we really want.
As we all know, the history of a great man all like books, the books so that they embark on the road to success.
If you also like reading, maybe you will become a celebrity in one day.
Well, just kidding.
Anyway, we should read more books and read goog books and a good book is a treasure house of knowledge,we can all learn from the books and you will find that how wonderful about influence of reading.
Nowadays, many students do not pay more attention to the English spelling,this phenomenon is increasingly common, after investigating, I think it is because of the following two reasons.
Firstly, many students think that good test scores is a master of English, therefore, they tend to accumulate the knowledge for the examination.
Secondly, more and more student pursue oral english as pure as BBC, VOA broadasters'accent.
I think this is a misunderstanding for the english learning, the word seems like the skeleton of english, it is very important to grasp them, which will also help us to grasp the relation between pronunciation and spelling.
Nowadays, human activities result in the serous pollution of marvelous cities and worse air quality.
The causes of the phenomenon are that poison gas is produced by cars and factories and the forests are cut down as well.
As a result, we inhale the poison material which will cause dangerous diseases that like lung cancer into our body and blemish our health.
To prevent the severe results of these environmental problems, we should control the numbers of cars because of the production of carbon dioxide and take buses or out on foot as often as possible.
What's more, only when the pollution of the factories is prohibited can we live a healthy life.
In 1973, Family Planning is implemented around the whole land of China.
The main subject of the policy is having child at an older age.
It is further intensified in later 80s.
The policy only permits couples who is living in city giving to have one child.
China has been improved because of the policy.
Chinese people has been enjoyed of more resources, such as education, medicine and transportation.
The Chinese economy grows fast and people lives a more wealthy and faddy life.
Nonethless, every coin has two sides, including the coin 'Family Planning'.
The policy also produces some problems.
It enlarges the gap of the wealth and the poor.
Imaging that, two children both from one infant family get married, so the new family have both thier parents family's property.
It is universally acknowledged that Chinese like to marry someone whose family is almost the same as themselves.
For instance, two wealthy families have money 10 each, poor family 1 each, so the gap turn to 9.
And at present two wealthy families get into one, the property will be 20.
Two poor family get into one new family, the property will be 2, the gap turn to 18.
So the policy can expand the gap of the wealth and the poor.
As the policy announced that to have only one child, to fully teach child excellent.
But the situation now seems on the contrary.
Children from one child family has been spoiled.
They turn to less competitive and categorically depend on thier family, even that can't live without help of parents.
All above mentioned, we can safely conclude that it is absolutely a problem to China.
Of course, there are a lot small problems caused by the policy.
For example, new couples both from one child family don't know which family should have lunch at Spring Festival.
It is extremely a dispute.
The relationship between teachers and students is very important, not only in the study, but also in daily life.
A good relationship between students and teachers makes the classroom a very attractive place.
It is vital to build a friendly relationship between teachers and students.
Firstly, they should respect for each other.
Trust is based on respect.
Only teachers and students respect for each other, can they believe in each other.
If so, students could follow the instruction teachers give willingly, and teachers will spare no effort to show positive attitude and enough patience.
They are equal in society.
Corporal punishments to students and slander for teachers are forbidden.
Secondly, they should understand each other.
Communication is the bridge connecting relationship between human beings.
There are many problems in the process of teaching and learning.
They should learn to replace thinking and communicate more.
Thirdly, teachers should give credit for students.
All the students yearn to be praised.
Teachers should speak highly of them in time when they do something well, which could stimulate the growth of students' learning.
In a word, both of the teachers and students should make efforts to keep a harmonious relationship between them.
Actually, it is very easy for them to develop a friendly relationship with each other.
Indeed, both of them could enrich their knowledge.
I am writing to apply for a position.when i notice the advertisement form your company in the newspaper,i think it is suit for me.
it is really a great honor to have this opportunity.
And,i absolutely need the job.In the one hand,i want to improve mysalf in practical work.In the other hand,i should lean more knowledge about my subject.
In the university,my major courses made me be good at communicating and computer.
I was especially fond of the communication skills which enabled me to deal with people and thing around well.
I have abundant exercises in university.I passed CET-4 with high marks.
My spoken English is also fluent enough to organize meetings in English.
Most of my paterners were presented in English , as my roommate is a native English speaker.
I would be pleased if you could offer me an opportunity to interview me.my phone number is 2222,my e-mail is 2222@qq.com.Looking forward to your reply.
As an English learner, using a good dictionary is very significant.
There are different kinds of dictionaries.
From my point of view, a bilingual dictionary is superior to the latter.
The former has at least 2 advantages over the latter.
At first, a bilingual dictionary gives us specific explanations.
Although normal one can tell us the meaning of a word in Chinese, it can not clarify the meaning clearly without the English explanation.
Secondly, utilizing a bilingual dictionary provides us with an effective way to practice English.
The explanation may conclude some new words.
As a matter of fact, we can acquire more knowledge by consulting a bilingual dictionary.
Compared with the normal one, the bilingual dictionary which motivates learners to study further is surely desirable.
It can not only give us overall analysis, but also help us obtain the proper method to learn a foreign language.
Generally speaking, both dictionaries have their pros.
However, the bilingual one is just my favorite.
with the development of economy,a lot of people have their own cars,especially in Beijing.But with the increase of the number of cars,Beijing's pollution is more and more serious.
Facing this problem some people think that it should be control car Numbers, some people think that it should be less a month having a car.In my opinion,Drive one day less a month car Suggestions and no long-term solution to the problem of pollution,First of all, should advocate low carbon life, let everybody have low carbon life consciousness.Second, we should take the bus or walk instead of in their own cars.
Finally, should improve the productivity, much less the pollution that car.We hope that the society more and more good.
look at the table, we can know that is about staff recruitment and turnover amongst departments.
In 2008 there are 10 person in R&D department ,there are 20 person in Adminstration, there are 30 person in the marketing department, there are 80 person in the production department.
So the total number is 140 in July 2008.
The same as 2009 there are 1 person in R&D department and there is no one in Adminstration deparement ......The source from Human Resource,January 2009.
In the world,lots of persons enjoy reading.they think read can enrich themselves.In my opinion,reading is good for our study.
First,we can acquire more knowledge,and know some useful things.second,reading can also improve our diathesis.Finally,we can enrich ourselves by reading.Reading is a kind of comprehension.Books can tell us a reason that we wouldn't know ordinarily.Read good books,we will be better.
As we know,reading would change our world,change our sight,improve our skills and make it.Books are not only knowledge of treasure,but our mentor,it can teach us how to do it.When we feel aloneness,it will help us and give us strength.
The road of life, everywhere step thorns, with all kinds of setbacks.
People walk in the rugged life on the road, if he does not have a strong will, then he will have no real life, mediocre life.
If a person has to catch a strong will, even in the face of setbacks and failures, never stop, fell to climb up, fell to climb up.
In this way, he obtained the real life, and to the success of the other side.
It was so we encounter setbacks, to be strong to face, to struggle, it will be like second people to get a real life and success.
Strong will is the psychological pillar.
In people, does not have a strong will become a lifeless body, a dying soul.
Difficult examination, heavy labor, great life pressure, as well as a variety of social activities, make the pace gradually fast modern people numbness and weakness.
Therefore, as a man, must have a strong will, unlimited power, dauntless spirit and indomitable fighting.
Life of the roaring waves surging waves, and current carrying the victim 's body.
If you are a strong-willed man, then congratulations, you have a successful capital, hope you can keep it; if you are a man of weak will, you often feel regret for their actions, and hope to adopt certain methods to train their own willpower, so please go on reading, you will get what you want.
With the science developing dramatically ,we have had "foreigner" from Venus or even other planets.As the society on our earth developing,more problems are now uncovered.
I'm concerned about one problem most.That's the pollution.For instance,the river are polluted.As a result,clean water is no longer accessible in some area,and many people are ill.Forests are damaged on a large scale.Many forests've been destroied,thus unique animals fade out.On top of,the air condition is also terrible.
To say the reason for this problem,I think it's the factories' aiming at only profit.On the other hand,there're too many cars and people in the world.We consume much and make much rubbish.However,we never think of protecting our environment.
We must take actions now.I suggest improve people's awareness of environmental protection first.As for governments,they should encourage behaviors that are good for earth.Whoever do bad for the environment should be punished.
I hope we can see a wonderful earth again in several years.
Nowadays,after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high school.
In my opinion,high school students should take part in after-school activities frequently,because it can help students fit into society better.Students can join many kinds of clubs that they interested in.There are many communities in the school for example,music community cartoon community and chess community.To participate in extracurricular activities can add life experience.And take part in after-school can relax ourselves in order to study better.In a word ,take part in after-school activities is good for our study and it is a good way to experience society.
My name is X.I'm a freshman who major in English.
In response to your advertisement, I am writing to apply to be a volunteer at this international meeting.Now,I'm very glad to introduce myself to you!
I am an outgoing and friendly boy who like English very much.When I was in high school,I received foreign visitors as a volunteer.Now,I take part in Volunteer Club in our college.I really want to be a volunteer at this international meeting.I think I can do this job perfectly,because I can talk with foreigner in English fluently,and the most important is that I am very self-confidence,and I believe I can do well it.If you admitted me to be a member of volunteers at this international meeting,you can give me a call,my phone number is 123456789,or you can write to me.
I know how to make a impression.Maybe some people will feel difficult to make it,but as long as we try your best,we can impress others a lot.
Firstly,we should be confident.Confidence will make you look energetic and optimistic,which also affects people you are talking to.Even if you don't have a good appearance,you can leave others a good impression.Apart from that,we are supposed to mind our words.When we talk to people,especially at the first time,it is wise of us to speak politely,and when we ask some questions,we should also say it in a correct way,which can ensure that what we say don't hurt others.Lastly,body language is important as such.We cannot stand too close with people,or it will make others uncomfortable and nervous.Besides,we can make some gestures to help people understand your words.
To sum up.making a good impression is worth enough practice.However,just as a saying goes"No pains,no gains.
"As long as we try our best,we can finally make it.
Nowadays,with the expansion of the scale of the enrollment,the quantity of postgradua-tes are also increasing.The consequent pressure on postgraduates arise.We are faced with four major pressure.They are job pressure,learning pressure,economic pressure and psychological pressure.
Job Pressure.Every year there are millions of students graduating from universities.So it's very difficult to find a job, especially in Beijing,Shanghai,Shenzhen such big cities.As a postgraduate, we are more picky in finding jobs.Hence,the situation for us to find jobs become more serious.
Learning Pressure.During our graduate's study,if we want to get the Master Degree successfully,we must publish at least one article on the core journals.So,most of us have to pay more attention to our papers while we have little time to acquire other knowledge.Finally,we just get a degree certificate and have no improvement in our major.
Economic Pressure.According to the rules,academic type of postgraduate students have the subsidy about 200-300 yuan each month and a part of students need not pay for tuition while professional type of postgraduate students have no subsidy and need to pay more money for their tuition.We are all adults,we will feel embarrassed,if we take money from our parents again.So we need to do something to make money to support ourselves in our spare time.
Psychological Pressure.Above pressure will lead to mental stress.We often ask ourselves whether we can find a good job when we graduate from university.As time passes,we will feel anxious.If some one can't deal with it correctly,they will have extreme behaviors.
Every one will face different pressure.As a postgraduate,we should have a positive attitude to life and when the pressure comes,not retreat but face it.
Nowadays,there are more and more people take civil service exams in China.And many people want to know that why do they participated in civil service exams.There must be many reasons.
Every year hundreds of thousands of students have graduated from University.They don't know what kind of job suitable for them,and they are very confused.In this time they found that many students participated in thecivil service exams,so they also went to join in it.In the one hand collage students face great employment pressure.The pressure from their family and society.Because they just learned little knowledge but charging too much money.In the other hand ,the reason why did people take participated in civil service exams is that they want to becoming government employees.Because they have fixed the work time and money,and they can enjoy their holidays.
In my opinion,we can't follow the crowd.We need to have their own goals,and following our hobbies.As far as i am concerned we should learn more knowledge in college.So that we can realize the dream.
When it comes to my secrets of study,I will always admit that there are no very effective ways to adopt to help us to get good marks if we don not want to spend time and energy.Therefore,my secerts of study may be common to everyone,such as hard work,a suitable plan and a healthy lifestyle,frequent communication and so on.
I think al of these so-called secrets are useful to me because I can enjoy my study and colorful life with their help.As you can see,working hard is essential to study.A suitable schedule and lifestyle will balance our life,so we can have enough rest when I can finish my task to meet the deadline.Besides,frequent communication can benefit me a lot.So I can get through comprehenson of new knowledge and promote the friendship at the same time.
As far as I concerned,my secrets of study are so common to all of us that even students in the middle school know the importance of them.However,how much you stick to them decides how much value you can get from them.In my opinion,all the things in the world are changing.And sometimes we have to change our plans to adapt to new situatuons.Therhfore,we should stick them flexibly which does not mean losing our principles.All in all,sticking to the secrets and making flexible changes accordingly are equally important.I believe my secrets.
Dear Peter: I am glad to hear that you want to know something about spring festival.
So let me tell you.
Spring festival always on January and February and it is an important festival for Chinese people just like yours Christmas.
On that day we usually wear new clothes and children get luckeymoney from them parents oh right we clean the room before spring festival to get rid of bad luck we watch spring festival gala.
We do not sleep on that and we eat dumplings on 12:00.
I think it is very excited on spring festival.
Today,with the development of society,we pay a lot for the economic increasing,such as air pollution ,water pollution and so on.As far as I am concerned, we should reduce emission and conserve energy.
We can use different ways to solve the problem,such as going to work by bus,switching off lights when not around, Less use of disposable chopsticks and so on.
There is no doubt that it can cut down the pollution and improve our environment.
And than there are different kinds of trees which can absorb carbon dioxide, so we also need plant more trees around us and reduce cutting trees to reduce the emission.
It is our duty to reduce emission and conserve energy, but it is also a long way for us to achieve it.
No matter how hard the condition will be, I think if we try our best together the world will be better.
As we all know, with the development of internet.network already has populared in today's society,Internet reai name has be hot topic.
Anything is really pros and cons:network really name also was its advantages and disadvangtages:such as,It may be good at making of safe environment and reducing internet vilolence and crime,so that people more harmonious friendly realize each other ,form a goood atmosphere and orderly enviroment.
But it has a lot of disadvantages,people not freely communicate with other people,at same time ,people's privacy suffred from baring.
Above all,we clearly see :Internet reai name a little more well than bad .I believe:in the economic globalization today, internet is everywhere ,the use of a real network will be better and better !
live in the city is I want to life.
There are many advantages living in the city.
As we know, many people appreciate the conveniences of the city.
For example, living in the city is convenient shopping.
And we can easy access to entertainment facilities and other amenities.
People in the city can see films, visit exhibitions and watch games every day if we like to.
We can find what we need in the city, libraries,colleges, museums, and so on.Furthermore, children are able to attain better education in city than suburban.
On the one hand, city supply more job openings.
On the other hand, the traffic is conveniences.
The last but no the least important thing.
Of course, live in the city have also bad place.But on balance, I prefer to live in the city.
In this several decades, there are more and more teenagers have jobs while they are still students.
And it has not only benefits but also bad influence.
Firstly, work will make teenagers have a better understanding of the society.
As most students immerse theirself in studying, standing by the society, they may be unfit the society.
Working is a good way to experience the real life of the society, not only hard but also cruelly, without their parents protecting.
At the same time, as students begin working, they will find that how hard to make money which will make them understand their parents' love and their hardness as well as saving is a good habit.
So the students may study harder than before in order to be grateful for their parents.
However, it may affect students results.
There is no doubt that working will take up a lot of time.
As students, the most important task is to study hard,get better results.
But if students spend too much time on working, it will limit the time we study, which may lead to our setback.
In my opinion, every one varies from any other.
If studying is a piece of cake, working at the same time may be a good choice;on the other hand, if you can't study well, you had better not work.
That is ,every one of us should keep a balance between study and working.
Death penalty is a savage punishment; a sensitive problem; a deprivation of human rights; a means to be difficultly civilized .
Thus, the death penalty is a step back.
In the first half of this year, sentence for Yao Jiaxin events aroused discussion.
However, so many people are cheerful to the results of the sentence to death.
But thinking about the death penalty is a contradiction of accumulation, then expansion, lastly the outbreak .So more cheerfully the people feel, more savage the sentence is.
Generally ,The death penalty is to solve the serious problem of vicious crime.
However, the death penalty itself is a sensitive problem.
Therefore, whether to restore or abolish the death penalty is worthy of considering .
the statistics in June 2009, 139 countries have abolished the death penalty , accounting for 70% of the total number of countries worldwide.
Currently not abolished the death penalty in the world's 197 countries.
The countries restoring the death penalty are mainly in Middle East, North Africa and Asia.
We can see that a considerable number of countries hold a negative attitude to the death penalty .
deprivation of human rights.
what's more, it is difficult to show fairness and justice.
Data show that In 1999 to 2009 ten years period , corrupt officials who were vice ministerial level and above were more than 100 people, among them, only eight people were sentenced to death, the rest were mostly execution or life imprisonment.
In addition,someone has been punished unjustly.After many years, the confession were made.But the death penalty has been unjustly to accuse someone , how can the human rights be guaranteed?
Death penalty,also can be said, is a kind of violence with violence, not enough to deter criminals, and even increase the criminals.
There are many robbers, with this mind of challenging death penalty, regardless of his own life, which increasing crime.
are on impulse to crime, so it is difficult to deter criminals and be truly civilized with the death penalty.
The death penalty is a step backwards, will increasingly intensify contradictions , deprive the human rights, difficultly make civilization come true.
So we should reform the penal system to be civilized.
I have two best friends:Peng Rei and Bai Junhao.
Peng Rei and I have many similars.
So we are both tall,and both outgoing.
sports,because it's very interesting.
But we are both like plays computer games,too.
But Bai Junhao and I have different hobbies.
I'm taller than him.
I'm more hard-working than him.
But he's smarter than him.
Although they are the same with me and different from me, it's not necessary.
Because of we can help each other.
Different people have different views on cooperative learning.
It is held by some people that cooperative learning is good.However, it is held by others that cooperative learning is bad.
Those who hold the first opinion think that cooperative learning could improve the effciency of study and promote to exchange emotion with others.
What's more, it makes students know the strength of unity.
In contrast, those who hold the opposite view think that cooperative learning is bad.
In their view, cooperative learning will make the classroom's order chaos and won't guarantee each student participated in study and discuss.
Last but not least, some.
Students who have poor foundation were in a lost sight condition.As far as I am concerned, I agree with the first opinions.
Because it will drive the atmosphere of study.
In conclusion,cooperative learning's benefits are more than harm.
In the real life,as everyone knows, "Good things never come easy".It remains us that our life is filled with difficulties,so we must establish confidence to get over these difficulties.
As a college student,there are enormous opportunities to enhance ourselves so that we can make a good step in our life.Inaddition,we should take advantage of these opportunities to create much more good things.Furthermore,as the saying goes"nothing is difficult if you put your heart into it".Apparently,it tells us that if you want to make a good thing you must have your heart put things you are doing.Take my classmate for example,she always bring her books to library study very hard,finally,she obtains a good grade.What is more,team cooperation also plays an important role to make good things,which may test everyone on the team.Moreover,it is vitally important for a person to have a persevere quality,for one thing,faced with so many difficulties,a man who can persist in something and never give up probably lead to success,for another, in our life,almost everything is based on persevere,so we can easily find that persevere is a necessary quality.
Additionaly,we should learn some skills and adjust ourselves to the life,otherwise,we are unable to get over the obstacles.
As far as I am concerned,on the one hand,if you want to make something good you should set a goal and continue doing things according your goal.On the other hand,you make preparations to solve problems which prevent you.Last but not least,confidence not only can make you success when you do some difficult things but it can also bring you a good mood.Only in these ways can we get good things.Also,only when we get over all the obstacles can we realize "Good things never come easy"as the title says.
In modern society, many students lack social practice, so I think university students should participate in social practice.
Firstly, social practice can offer students an opportunity to contact society and meet different kinds of person.
In this way, students can add some valuable social experience, which will be useful for their future career.
Secondly, students can apply what they have learned in class to practical work, thus knowing themselves more clearly.
Thirdly, social practice can bring them some financial reward and make them more independent of their family.
However, students should first know its objective.
They should put their studies in the first place and see social practice just as a useful supplement, so they ought to try to strike a balance and their studies.
Finally, students in order to smoothly into the society, there should be some correct guidance, in case of affecting their future learning.
At present,in china the English learning has two different points of opinions.
In my opinion is that English learning shouldn't overheating.Because learning English in a very large and have low energy.And ever if learn good English but not to play abroad,said somehing foreigners are differ in learning.Many students learning English in china in order to test, to turn itself into the machine learning has no enthusiasm for English learning.
For most of us, we are just doing it for all kinds of exams.
So I don't promote learning English is overheating, the Chinese shouid be proud of his native language.
Riding a bicycle is better than taking the bus .One reason is than taking the bus is crowd in the bus .Another reason is that taking the bus is usually slowly than riding a bicycle.
This is because traffic heavy , and it moves slowly .
The most important reason is that more riding a bicycle is more enjoyable than taking the bus .Taking the bus need waite for the bus every morning .
It is a waste of time .I think riding a bicycle is more comfortable than taking the bus .
And riding a bicycle can reduce weight.
So, i prefer to riding a bicycle .
BEIjing,also known as peking, is the capital of the people s repubilc of china and one of the most populous cities in the world with a populiab of 19,612,368 of 2010. the city is the contry ,s polit ical cultural and educational center, and home to the headquarters for most of china lar gest state owen companies.
the metrpoolios n, located in nor them china, border hebei prvince to the north west south and a small section to east and tianjin Municiplay to the southe east.
BEIjing is a beautiulful city in china .
My hero is my dad and he is a soldier.
You may say, he is cool but I don't think so,he just is my father now.
I love my father, he is my hero because he is so nice and love me.
Although he is so strict with me, that I must get a good mark.
He wants me to have a good future.
When he has something good to eat,he will leave it for me,although he like enjoying it.
He has deft hands and can do many things,such as some simple handmade,or paper folding and so on,I never see a man so attentive.and he often finds out ways to make my life better and spends time with me.
I am going to take advantege of my holiday to have a tour around the town.
I have two hundred yuan in my hand.
Here below is my plan for the travel.
I plan to go there by train and back by bus, this will cost me fifty yuan, Besides.
I will stay there for about three days, in other words, I need to live in the hotel for two nights, This will cost me forty yuan.
Also I need to pay about forty-five yuan for my own meal.
With the computer technology rapidly developing, computers are getting into hundreds of thousands of people's house.
It seams that we cannot get away from computers.
But there are some problems coming up while computer brings convenience for us .
Gradually, computer games become more and more popular way that people used to release or entertain themselves.
But a big problem appeared: more and more children are addicted to computer games.
Those children who often lost in the computer games do not want to go to school or even forget to eat and sleep.
After playing for a long time, they would be exhausted or even sick.
They lost themselves in a fantasy online world by playing games.
They have less and less chances to contact the realistic society, people and things.
It would appear a lot of troubles if children are addicted to computer games.
It must be solved instantly.
Parents should in charge of the time when children are playing the computer games.
To have a talk with children regularly is very necessary.
Not only the teachers but the parents have the duty to guide the children to a wonderful life.
Above all,I want to say I am lucky i have a kind and integrity father.
I learn a lot from him.
I can always depend on him.
As soon as we were born we might had leaned on father's arms.During my childhood lots ofthings'decisions depend on father.
Father set a good example to me.
I learn his integrity kind and saving and so on.
Were it not for him i would not be good as now.
Father's love I'll keep in my mind forever.
Even though, now I am a university man I am superior to my father in many things.
I' still depend on my father.
In a word the love of a father is as strong as mountains.
There are many things I still need learn from my father.
I can always depend on my father.
My name is X. I come from a beautiful city, named Y. I am a quiet girl.
In my free time, I like watching tv, chatting on the Internet, reading and shopping.
The Korean television is my favourite television and I love the Korean artists.
I also like to eat the delicious food, but I don't like the pepper food.
I am the only child in my family, so my family loves me very much.
I think, I am so lucky.
But I want to have a brother or sister, because nobody can hang out with me in my childhood.
So, I feel so lonely in my childhood.
I don't have dream job, because I often change my dream.
So I will follow my heart to find the job.
I am so happy to studying in Guang Dong Polytechic Institute.
But when I arrived here, I am so afraid.
Because I have never lived in school.
Luckily, I met 3 nice roommates, we got along well with others.
In the next 3 years, I want to make a lot of friends here, and take part in some extracurricular activities.
What's more, I hope my college life will wonderful and unforgettable.
I will enjoy my time in here.
Our college has an unbelievable thing,It will meet plenty of new teachers in every new term.
At first,I couldn't stand it .Nonethless now,I think how marvellous it is.We can benefit a lot of things from a variety of teachers.
Now I can clearly recall my writing teacher,She has black eyes and long brown hair.
At the first time ,I thought she must be as usual as before others ,Neverthless actually,I'm totally in the wrong .She was just making a brief introduction about herself at that time.To my surprise ,then,She said:You and I am friends ,we aren't just teachers and students ,All of you are my pals.
"After hearing her sentence,I've transformed my idea about her.She was different from other teachers.She also reminded me of that day .She asked us to hand in ours'own writing books,But finally,I forgot it and told her .
From now on ,I enjoy attending her classes just because of her expression ,her carefulness,her words,and most of all,her enthusiasm made me a deep impression .With the help of her , my english writing improves promptly .I'm lucky for becoming best friends with her,my writing teacher.
Nowadays,one of the universal issues that cause growing concern is whether it is wise of consumers to shop for sales and group-buy deals.As we all know,students are so careful about pocket money in their daily life that they try their best to look for discounts.However,such as,coupons,they can't bring us profits.Therefore,if we want to become a real smart consumer we should consider why prices are low.
A good case in point is that of my once shopping experience.When I was a senior high school student,You know,my pocket money was not enough to buy anything I want to.So I always bought cheap shoes and clothes,which always fell apart after a while due to its poor quality.But after a case I was totally changed this habit that love to buy bargains.One summer,I saw a pair of leather jacket,great design,of good quality which costs 700 yuan.I made the painful decision to spend the money.Now,many years later,it's still in good shape.That it's really a good investment!
Generally speaking.Buying that group-buy deals or bargains is really can save money,but it's quality cannot be guaranteed.So I think the truly smart consumer should consider more factors than just cheap or expensive price when deciding where to spend their money.
In the past,person communicated with friends very inconvenient.
Because they have no enough advanced science and technology,connected way more backward .
A lot of people usual wrote to friends talked about something.
So they needed to spent much time in wrote,and led to reduced their free time.
What's more,when you a great distance off friends,and it's difficult to you desperately need helps.
On the other hand,with people have no time to contacted each other,their friendship will be affected.
Nowadays,technology and science are becoming more and more advance,it is convenient for people to contact with companions.
They can get through many ways to communicate others.
Such as email and cell phone and messaging.
Because communication mode more convenient and quick,they can have much time to exchange each other.
Also,they can always to together.
Whereas,because the communication undeveloped,it is difficult for you to contact to others.
What's more this situation will affect your normal life.for example,when you suddenly got sick,so you could not got timely treatment that your health maybe got hurt.
in my opinion,modern communication is benefit to our life.
On the other hand,the communication become diversification,people contact to others very convenient and quick.
Also,when you need your friends to help,you can call them by cell phone very convenient.
Free time,people can contact to others by message to attend some activity,and they can get through talk about to improve friendship.
So,people become rich and colorful in life.
30: Get up and brush my teeth,wash my face .
45: Have a healthy breakfast.
00--10:30: Do my homework carefully.
30--11:30:Go to the park and do exercises.
00: Eat a delicious lunch.
00--15:00:Have computer class or English class.
00--18:00:Read different kinds of books.
30: Have less dinner.
00--20:00:Go on the Internet to search for the information or watch my favourite programme on television.
30--21:00:Put things away.
30: Go to bed and have a sweet dream.
Now,I think Daming spends less time studying and plays a lot.If he does one hour's homework and has a ten minutes' break between two hours' working.It must be better than that.
As we all know,earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need.Earth helps people more.Of course,people has been depended on it.And everyone becomes greed.
People have been polluted air,soil,water source.The sky becomes grey.Then the river becomes dirty.people are cutting down trees.And man waste water source and metal source.To not every man's greed,we should plant more trees and flowers.Then we shouldn't waste water .I think the government should publish law about protecting environment.
Let's go.We believe our sky will be more bluer,the trees will be greener.I hope our earth is better.
Mom, is a sacred and great word.
In my eyes, my mother is the most beautiful woman in the world.
Since the childhood, mother selfless care of me, helps me to solve any difficulties, never say any complain.
I have a great mother.
She cares much about me in my life and study.
In the morning, she gets up early to make breakfast for me.
When I was little, she prepared my schoolbag.
nonetheless now, she tells me to do it by myself.
Because she thinks I have been old enough to do it.
Besides, she always examines my homework.
When I finish my homework, she checks it and makes out the mistakes.
She is very careful and assist me a lot.
I love my mother.
Life is a box of chocolate, Forrest.
You never know what you're going to get.
His mother said to him.
I like this sentence very much, actually such is life, you never know what will happen, but I know that my mother will always accompany in my side.
I love my mom.
Nowadays, there is a widespread concern over the issue that if students can take phones in classroom.
In reality, there are both advantages as well as disadvantages.
Generally speaking, it's widely believed there are several positive aspects as follows.
At the first, you can get the last information in the world that is of great use for you.
Using phone is useful for you.
Just as a popular saying goes that every coin has two sides, which use phones in class is no exception.
In other words, it still has disadvantages.
In the first place, some students can't help themselves mind in learning, which causes an appreciate conclusion.
In the second place, many students can't keep seeing the phone.
In conclusion, I think students don't use phones which belong to them in classroom.
Although it has many benefits, students don't have a strong them own binding to keep themselves in learning.
Once More to the Lake is one of the most enduring essays of E.B.
White, a notable American writer in 1920s.
In this essay, the author went back to the lake in Maine, which gave him the best memory in his childhood and made him feel the flying of time and cruelty of human life cycle by comparing, consciously or not, the memory and readily of nature and human beings at the lake.
"Children of Gods, Scions of Apes".
The understanding of the passage of time is the main theme in the essay of "Once More to the Lake" by E.B.
White.
"I took along my son, who had never had any fresh water up his nose and who had seen lily pads only from train windows.
On the journey over to the lake I began to wonder what it would be like.
I wondered how time would have marred this unique, this holy spot--the coves and streams, the hills that the sun set behind, the camps and the paths behind the camps.
For the Chinese, the wild camping may not always experience, but the lotus and the lotus leaf may be very familiar with.
They went fishing the first morning, the author says that "The small waves were the same, chucking the rowboat under the chin as we fished at anchor, and the boat was the same boat, the same color green and the ribs broken in the same places,......I looked at the boy, who was silently watching his fly, and it was my hands that held his rod, my eyes watching.
Here, the author describes his childhood with the precise words, seeing that dragonfly as same as today's dragonfly, "darted," "poised," "ducking," and so on.
Looked at the little dragonfly's performance, even as if time had stood still, we are on the lake of the summer in forever.
Generally speaking, they had a happy week and life went on as usual.
Everywhere they went he had trouble making out which was him, the one walking at his side, the one walking in his pants.
At last he felt the time went through several generations.
Close to the lake he knew the meaning of the life and time.
"Once More to the Lake" is an interesting essay, it is a masterpiece.
The tone is very exquisite, clear, and a word is often rather than a phrase.
Text expression in article is quite rich, which makes me really feel the essence of English prose.
I think some English prose, especially some famous works, are not too deep to understand, and very worthy of our high school students to learn from.
Before we begin our speech, I would like to introduce our team members.
Firstly, the leader--Zhang JingYu, is responsible for our work allocation.
She makes the first part of the PPT-the introduction.
Then Lin Zhen qi.Wang Fei and Li Zi Wei are in charge of searching information of "The Salvation Army" and making the second part of the PPT.
Ling Qing ,Chen Shuying and Li Jiayi do the similar work .But they are responsible for the second phrase -"US personal income tax" At last ,Wu Jing Hang and I will show our team's achievement to all of you.
Now ,let Wu Jing Hang introduce "The Salvation Army" to you.
The Salvation army ,in Chinese is an essential part of Christian Church.
The doctrine of it follows the mainstream of Christian belief and it's articles of faith emphasize God's saving purposes.
It's objects are "the advancement of the Christian religion, of education ,the relief of poverty and other charitable objects beneficial to society or community of mankind as a whole.
The movement found in 1865 by William Booth, has spread from London , England, to many parts of the world.
Responding to a recurrent theme in Christianity which sees the Church engaged in spiritual warfare.
William booth personal originally is a methodist pastor, but because he wanted to Christianity to those poor people who are not able to come to church, so he resigned and observed the poor people's life in London.
Later, he found that the poor are gathered in drinking in the pub, so he decided to do something.
He began to encourage those poor people to repentance, to listen to the local church, but the church didn't welcome the poor, so they are not in the church.
So William booth set up the "Christian" .
In the first world war, the salvation army's contribution in the service work,.The organization as a member of the world Christian church also received the social recognition.
Christmas kettle is The Salvation Army's most famous street campaign.
It is most recognized during the Christmas season through its volunteers who stand outside of businesses and play or sing Christmas carols, or ring bells to inspire passersby to place donations of cash and checks inside the trademark red kettles.
Us personal tax is also called 1040 Form .The standard Form 1040 is the basic form used by united states citizens and residents to report their personal income to the Internal Revenue Service.
From 1040,the form 1040 can be filed electronically .And every year is the dead line to report the income and tax and previous year.
Filling out these forms correctly can be a real challenge for people.
For example, A couple and their children can fill in one form or write separately .
Actually , the way people choose to write considering the tax you should hand in .
So, the choice is not easy to make .
And that's why there is an entire industry devoted to preparing other people's taxes.
But professional tax preparation service can be quite expensive .So, many people in American choose to prepare by themselves.
And believe it or not, the form 1040 Instruction are very comprehensive and do provide all the information needed.
All in all , Basic Form 1040 instructions come in a PDF file and last 102 pages of detailed information.
And in this picture,we can see the personal income tax account for 41% in US taxes.
Although American's federal tax code is famous for its complex and difficult .In developed countries ,its tax rate is almost the lowest .
The principle of tax is based on these features, we only list four here:first , lower income , lower tax you should hand in,Second more children, more preferential treatment on tax affairs.
That is to say the government encourage you to deliver more babies; Third, the tuition fees can replace the tax.
That does good to educational program ; Forth, you can get free of duty by buying environmental -friendly product.
Let's look at the method of US personal tax.
As present ,American personal income tax by category six extra progressive tax structure, six rate respectively is 10%, 15%, 25%, 28%, 33%, and 35%.
People whose incomes are between $0~$8350, the tax rate is 15%, just look at the PPT.
And the tax rate of the couple in charge of tax together is different.
We can see it from PPT too.
It's different from our personal income tax.That's all.
Thank's for our team's hard working .And this is the end of our speech.
Thank you.
My father is the one who I love deeply.
My father is a very gentle and greatness father.
I am proud of my father.
My father loves me deeply.
Also I love him most.
From I am born, my father have give me many, like physical and mental.
When I was a little boy, my father would buy what I want, play games with me, and so my father gives me a plenary childhood.
I learn most from my father.
When I little, my father taught me, everyday I should study hard.
With Iam growing, I begin know what my father said is important, the advices he gives me let me growing smoothly.
So I learn knowledge by heart.
What I gain also let my father and my mother happily.
From father, I have learnt a man should live like a man.
He tells me, when I come across troubles, I should think I am a man, I can't give up.
I should have a good mood whenever.
This is my father who I love very much.
I'm writing to tell you about the discussion we've had about whether an entrance fee should be charged for parks.
Opinions are divided on this issue.Sixty percent of students think the entrance fee should not be charged for parks.Because the parks are places for people to relax,it's built for the public.Besides,if we take entrance fee,there will be doors and walls for the park,as a result,the imagine of the city will be hurt.
However,the other students hold the opposite opinion.They prefer to charge the entrance fee,but not too much.So that these money can be used to pay for the gardeners' salaries or to buy some new flowers and saplings.That's a good idea,isn't it?
In a word,every coin has two sides,everything has advantages and disadvantages,too.What do you think?Let's chat together!
April 22nd, 2011, the Intermediate People's Court of Xi'an City makes the first-instance judgment to Yao Jiaxin, who was sentenced to the death penalty for crime of intentional killing.
Meanwhile, he was deprived political right for life and was seeked redress demand satisfaction for 45498.5 Yuan.
October 20th, 2010, when driving on the way to city, the accused person Yaojia Xin ran over the victim Zhang Miao.
However, at that moment Yao Jiaxin smited Zhang Miao under the fifth rib in order not to be recognized by Zhang.
Much more unfortunately, when running away from the spot, he once again contused two people.
This event matter creates a great sensation for a moment and causes a hot discussion about the death penalty.
Some people suppose that the death penalty is a step back.
There is nothing more antithetical to social civilization.
The victim could not be rebirth by executing the slayer.
Moreover, statistics show that over 70 percent of the countries have abolished the death penalty.
While others may believe that "if there is serious injury, you are to take life for life".
And this notion is sinking deep into the hearts of the people, especially of our Chinese people.
As far as I am concerned, there may be indeed some deficiencies in the judgment of the death penalty.
But we cannot just focus on the death penalty itself.
In my views the existence of deficiencies does not mean a step back of it.
What is more important is the influence that it brings us.
Taking the event of Yao as an example, we can make two main conclusions.
Primarily, the deterrence of the death penalty is beyond compare.
It lets the people pay more attention to the rules and laws.
It is just like an alarm, ringing around the ears.
In addition, the influence it brings up could not be ignored.
More and more people follow closely to the social issues, which lets our civilization get more focus.
As a result, the socialist law construction can reach a higher position.
At the same time, common people become the master of the laws.
Every citizen should play an active role in the ocialist law construction.
So it may lead to the High Unity of virtue and law.
At this moment, death penalty has its own reason to exist and we should accept it.
I'm L. I went to climb Hua Shan with L and W whose are my classmates on July 1st.
During the climbing, we met Mr. and Mrs. Smith who had missed handbag.
They were worried and upset, so we decided to help them find it.
Fortunately, we found the handbag easily.
The smiths were happy that found the handbag and they thanked us as well.
I think we should help everyone that in trouble.
We also should help foreigner because they may know little Chinese.
When we give them a favor, we will fell happy and give others a good memory.
Recent years witness some languages die out because the whole world is becoming smaller and smaller.
Some people hold the notion that it will be easier for us to communicate.
However, I do not agree with them, I reckon that it necessary to protect our original language.
The reasons for my reasons can be threefold: first, we need protect our native language to keep world culture various.
For instance, though most Irish people speak English in their daily life, the students must study Irish seriously because it is listed as a compulsory course in school, and they have to take exam of Irish before they enter college.
They treasure their culture and they are proud of it.
Only in this way, can they make their culture various from others.
Second, it can strengthen solidarity of its peoples.
We know that people sharing same or similar culture are more likely to unite together when facing danger and fight against their common enemy.
Last but not the least, it would be difficult for us to learn another language because if all people have to speak the same language, then they need abandon their own language and learn another, which is difficult for us, especially the old people.
To sum up, we are supposed to protect the variety of languages, which can strengthen solidarity and make it easier for us to communicate.
The whole living room is neat,commodious and comfortable.As you walk into the living room,you can see a dark gray rectangle of the tea table in the centre of the living room.More specifically,tea table on the left is a sofa that accept three seats.As well as,the top right corner of the table is a purple for two sitting sofa,the sofa against the corner.Furthermore, the low right corner of the table which is a light green sofa for one sitting sofa,it faces the corner of the tea table.In addition,the left of the blue sofa with a purple pillows,behind of a lilac curtain,right with a table lamp in a gray stool.Under the tea table with a light brown cushion that is soft just like a young's skin .The floor of the living room is loog wooden floors.On the right side of the wall is a closet that burning with fire make a living room more warm.As you walk in the living room,in the middle of wall hung a beautiful vast sea picture.
I am Z, the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.
I'm writing to inviting you sincerely to attend a lecture about how to improve our English composition, which will be hold at 9 a.m. on next Wednesday, June 17.
A majority of students who are conscious of English writing have problems in common, as a result of which, we need your help.
The reasons why we have a variety of problems need to solve as follows.
There is no doubt that the lack of vocabulary has become our main matter.
Furthermore, grammar is also of great importance for us.
I would appreciate if you can reply soon.
It is apparent from the line chart that the rates of smoking in Someland among women and men presents different changes from 1960 to 2000.From the chart, we can figure out the difference in smoking between two genders over time.
In 1960,600 men in every 1000 was smoking.
This number decreased gradually to 500 by 1974 and continued to fall but more slowly to 250 in 2000.From 1960 to 1975, the number of men smoked dropped year by year while the number of women smoked increased.Especially from 1970 to 1975, the rates of women who smoked went up sharply.The number of female smokers rose to 300 per 1000 until 1975 and afterwards it tends to move slightly.The rate of female smokers remained stable at 320 until 1985 at which point the figures began to slump and plunged to 200 by 2000.
In conclusion, it is obvious that there are lots of differences between male and female smoking.The difference lies in the trend.Women smokers increased while men smokers decreased.However, in 1975 the trend changed and two genders kept quitting smoking.In 2000 the number of male and female smokers became equal with just a little more men smoking than women as before.
After going through one year's college life,I have met many friends and find many interesting things.The interesting things happen in the days that I stay with my roommates.
We usually eat and walk to class together.And we also sing songs when we are happy and sad.What's more,we go to visit some attractions.The most interesting one is that we often cook delicious food at our dormitory.I feel happy and contented.
I'm a mouse and no less happy than grieved.I live at bottom of an old orchard below the green house which used to be an ice-house.
There is a pleasant yard to move about in,shaded by an apple tree that overhangs the low rail fence.
All of those belong to me.However,i feel lonely as nobody knows me except for my enemy--the master's dog Fred who is always showing up plentiful food.
Until one day,i have a premonition that my situation will change.The master comes into my house and cover with the sawdust on the ground.
Then, i meet with my best friend--a pig.He is so good that shares food with me.We even plays a game called 'hide and seek'.
We think we will live in such a happy life until he is ill.Before that day,we always eat together and comment on the taste.But that day,at four o'clock,I wait for him to have supper,my dear friend does not appear at the trough and stretches out in the sawdust.Immediately,I go to see him but he has not have enough power to tell me his feeling.
It happens so suddenly and then i ask Fred for help to make the master know.
Few minutes later,the master notices that there is something wrong with the pig and goes to the phone.
From his words,I know the master is able to save my guy and go to prepare.For a while,I decide to take care of my friend who looks better.
While I stand beside him, he says that he wants to take a fresh breath.
After one hour,he stands in the middle of yard listlessly and then the master and his son turns up with a small bottle of castor oil and a length of clothesline.
The following scene happens quickly: the master's son reaches down,grabbed both front legs,upset him quickly,and when he opened his month to scream,the master turns the oil into his throat.
In no time,I hears his screams that are pitched in the hysterically high range of pig-sound as if torture are being carried out.Afterwards, God seemed to hear my prayer and he rights himself.In addition,he gives me a grateful of look in the eyes.
Shortly after five o'clock,he thanks to me when we are together alone.After a while,he vomits and falls in a deep sleep quickly.
I also feel uncomfortable because of the strange weather--hot,close days,with the fog shutting in every night.
Next day is another hot one and we have a substantial breakfast which including a little milk.
However,he still feels a revulsion to it.
As my spirits declines along with the pig's,the spirit of Fred rises.The frequency of his trips down the footpath through the orchard to my house delights him,although he suffers greatly from arthritis and moves with difficulty.
Since then, He joined our community.
When the enema bag appears and the bucket of suds,he assumes full charge of the irrigation.He even drinks a few mouthfuls of the suds to test their potency.
It is believed that he is the savior.
Time passes quickly but things changes worse.Several people come and go in the day.
I hears few words like erysipelas,deep hemorrhagic and infarcts.
As time goes on,I look at my friend being more and more weak and I'm afraid of losing him.
At last, I witness his death: He lies in the yard which is not far from the door.His face is mild,expressive neither of deep peace nor of deep suffering,although I think he has suffered a good deal.
It was a Saturday morning.
His tomb is at the foot of the apple tree and Fred patrols around in simple but impressive circles.As I stands and stares,Fred claps eyes on me and keep silent.
As a friend, I climbs to the top of the apple tree and give my guy last gift--a small green apple.
Above all, I will remember our friendship and shall often revisit him with Fred.
From her nest in the oak tree, the Nightingale looked at the Student whose beautiful eyes filled with tears, looking through far away and wondered if any roses in the garden.
Everyone here knows that the Prince will hold a solemn ball, and the young Student's lover will attend the party.
"There must be a very enjoyment, my lovely girl dance with me, where her feet will not touch the floor, and I could see her so closely ,hold her hand tightly, but- but-"the young student cried again, buried his face in his hands.
With the development of our society,more fuel is needed to improve the industry.As a result of this,much gas has been released into the atmosphere,especially Co2.This leads to today's most serious environmental problem-Global Warming.
In the past,people are not aware of this threat to our earth.But now,an increasing people begin to realize the grave.As the studies conducted by massive gathering of scientists from all over the world,points out,if the global average temperature rose over 2 degree,global climate will be self-sustaining.
Global Warming can cause many other problems.With the temperature rising,the sea level will rise,too,and finally submerge coastal cities.Global warming will give the air and ocean huge power.
Thus making large or even super typhoons, hurricanes, tsunamis and other disasters.
Many place will flood.What's more,the glacier in high latitude will melt and due to this,some animals there lose both their home and food and eventually die.
More than ever before,the basic survival of our species is threatened by the danger of a no longer stable climate,which will destroy the regularity of almost every part of our lives.
Global warming will make trouble with physiology.
People will become more easily ill and even breed new diseases.
People will pay more and more money for health care but more and more people die.
No amount of money or even the best doctors, will not be able to save your life.
As the situation entails,every one of us has rebonsibilities to protect the planet and ensure the survival of our species.In daily life,try to fulfill the concept of reduce,reuse and recycle as much as one's ability allows and the concept of zero carbon emission.Using this as these ultimate goals and goodness,one should try these actions in every means possible.Beside these,every one should remember not to cut down trees and plant more trees as we can because it's known to all trees can take in Co2.
Not one person but the whole globe should unite as one to the task.We have only one earth,so,no matter how difficult the future problem may be,try our best to make a better planet to life.
Uncle behind from the home, the change of hometown is very big.
Persons the condition of life are more and more good.
The house is big and spacious.
Many peple lived into the installation.
Insqtall the television.
Xian machine of clothes.
Ice-box and town.
There is tractor.
Truck and car.
School is good to educate.
Government pays great attention to the urbanization of villages and build.
In our life, there're lots of overweight children.
I think they are supposed to take steps to lose weight.
The main cause of that is too much food.
Besides, they are used to eating extra food such as snacks.
Eating too much makes them fatter and fatter.
exercise too little so that they can't stay in shape.
First, they should eat less food.
But don't go on a diet.
harmful and unnecessary for those children.
keep healthy.
Then, they should exercise more to lose weight.
fleshiness in the future.
With the development of economy and technology, people's living condition has improved a lot.
They are able to choose different kinds of ways to relax themselves during peak travel seasons.
Among them, quite a number of people chose to visit famous sites of historical interests.
However, according to a recent newspaper report, many famous sites of historical interests in China have begun or are considering charging tourists higher entry fees during peak travel seasons, which has aroused a lot of public attention and also public debates.
As far as I'm concerned, charging higher entry fees not only benefits to tourists themselves, but also to the sites as well.
It is known to all that during peak travel seasons, tourist sites are crowded with people.
The more people there are the more harmful gas they will produce, which is bad to the scenes.
Large amounts of people will also reduce the security modulus.
Thieves are easier to steal things, conflicts and quarrels are easier to happen.
There's another important fact is that, you can't enjoy the scenery and relax yourself while there are too much people around you.
You need to line in a long queue for an entertainment facility and you just needn't to walk, because others will push you forward.
All you want is to end this over as quickly as possible instead of enjoying the process.
A pleasant trip becomes a miserable experience.
What a tragedy.
Luckily, higher entry fees can totally solve all these problems above.
While higher entry fees reduce the number of tourists, it also helps to protect the famous sites of historical interests.
No one can deny the importance of protecting historical relics.
By doing this, we not only preserve the natural treasures and cultural resources to our next generation to let them see how wonderful our mother land are, but also show our respects to our ancestors.
It is a truth that to destroy a good thing is much easier than to build it.
So, higher entry fees will change the serious current situation.
Besides, higher entry fees provide the relative departments sufficient funds to protect the historical sites.
From what have been discussed above, we may easily draw the conclusion that, higher entry fees are necessary.
With the new policy come into implementation, the advantages it brings will gradually show up.
For the people, they improve the quality of their travelling, for the historical sites, they expand their life expectancy.
With the popularity of the Internet, there seems to be a trend that the traditional reading is being replaced by online reading among people, especially among students.
Now more and more students like reading online because they think read online is very easy.But some people still prefer traditional read,there are some result.
