A survey proved that most of university students, whether they come from city or countryside, choose big cities instead of poor areas to work.
ea can neither adept talent man nor attract talent man.
No wonder the gap is increasing largely.
Hence, The government ought to knock itself out to decrease the gap as soon as possible.
First, balance the investment between city and rural area.
In addition, the education level should be improved, especially pay attention on raising high quality people.
Besides, let more people realize the latent capacity of rural area in order to attract talent and investment.
The set up of CCTV channel12-western region channel is a good example.
Only when the ways mentioned above are realized step by step, can the gap between the cities and the countryside be bridged.
Today is my first day at my senior high school ,Yizhong.Because we were not familiar with new school,the teacher showed us around at first .That is a morden school which has a gymnasium and a classroom for art.
After checking out the new shcool, our teacher told us some rules in orther to make our school life much safer .
At class breaks , I made a great deal of new friends which are all kind and enthusiastic gay.
That made me very glad.
Finally, we received our new books.
As we all know, we will face more challenges in senior high schoo.However ,I will dou my best.
I enjoyed the first day in my new school.
At a sunny day, Little John was walking on the street with a big smile on his face, for he got five hundred dollars from his mother just now so that he could buy what he want, such as candy, junk food, or toys.
Right on his way to the market, he spotted a beggar sitting on the ground, trembling.
Out of his sympathy, Little John gave the beggar the money so that he could survive for few days.
Then the beggar agreed and took the money, walking away slowly.
Although John didn't buy anything for himself, he did helped someone who was in need.
About two months later, John saw the guy on TV because he successfully started a company and made a fortune.
After knowing that, John's mother was so proud of him.
And since then, after knowing how happy it is to help people in need, John had helped so many people.
Now he become very famous around the world for what he have done and so many people was encouraged by him so far.
Imagine, the clock was ticking and you were anxiously squeezing out any words that possibly fit for your essay while your well-prepared classmates was having a sound sleep.
Obviously, the clock reminds us that the deadlines exist in every hour of every day.
People react differently when they suffer from deadline stress.
For clarity, I mechanically divided people into two groups--one called "the planners", the other called "the procrastinators".
These two groups behaved similarly after the first impression of the deadline stress, but significantly differently considering about the emotional changes followed and the transformation between the deadline stress and motive power.
For both the two groups, the first fight with the stress can leave us the same first impression that it brings anxiety, uncertainty and tough situation out of our control.
After a long period of evolution, our brains remain weak in dealing with the stress.
Our will-power can easily collapse at the first blow in the war with the deadline stress.
Psychologist Michelle confirmed that there were two systems in our brain-- the "cold system" and the "hot system", which were exactly the battlefield for the will-power and stress.
The "cold system" is located in our forehead, which is rational, self-controlled and farsighted.
It considers for the overall situation.
As for the "hot system", located near the hippocampus and limbic system, it will be activated once we encounter stress which may make us rash, shortsighted.
We care only for immediate interests rather than long term ones.
The extremely active "hot system" is the reason why we were impatient, anxious and restless when we hear the deadline in the first time.
Then the two groups of people started to react to deadline stress in different ways, firstly in the mental part.
People will experience a series of ups and downs and uncountable psycho fights in mind under deadline stress.
On the on hand, the planners tend to define the deadline stress as challenging and force themselves to accept it in a positive way.
After having a deep breath, they will come up with a strict plan and encourage themselves by telling themselves" I can do it".
Energetic but also nervous in mind will make them highly concentrated in their work.
On the other hand, the procrastinators cannot even dare to have a try on the things that are out of their comfortable zone.
What they usually do is simply a deep sigh, filed with unwillingness and fear about the missions.
Doubtful about their ability, they tend to tell themselves not to care about the issues.
As the deadline was drawing near, they become desperate on completing the missions and finally give up.
It cost most of their energy to condemn themselves for the delay.
The lazy self, still takes its ease and act in its way, continuing to be delaying without single progress.
So, they reproach themselves, simultaneously delaying.
In what extent can people convert the deadline stress into motivation is the most significant difference between the two groups.
The relationship between the motivation and the deadline stress is an upside down "U" curve graph.
The planners will control the intensity of the deadline stress to fall on the turning point of the curve, where the deadline stress can convert into the motivation to the utmost.
At this point, the human potential is easier to be inspired than ever.
In contrast, the procrastinators tend to get the intensity even higher where it will produce more negative moods such as anxiety and depression.
To deal with the negative moods needs large amount of will-power and mental resources.
Therefore, they fall into such a weird circulation--the higher stress they are under, the more time and energy they need to relax themselves.
After all of the process, they suddenly find out that the deadline is imminent which directly lead to higher pressure and they can do nothing but relax.
There is accurate analysis on the psychology.
When one is under excessive thrill, one can easily suffer from the "acquired helplessness".
In an experiment, once dogs believed that "I can do nothing" in one intense electric shock, they will not attempt to revolt or escape in the followed electric shocks.
The deadline stress sometimes can lead to the same situation--there is nothing I can do to catch up with the rate of the progress.
At this point, the deadline stress can produce nothing but anxiety, not to mention inspiring people's desire for winning.
With the anxiety transforming into the depression, human's social function can be destroyed.
However, none of us entirely belongs to one of these two groups.
We are, indeed, the mixture of these two types of person with different proportion.
These two groups have a vague boundary which means we can change our roles from a procrastinator into a planner with an accidental enlightenment or change inversely just because of a slight blow on the confidence.
Only after we have a clear picture of the deadline stress can we manage the deadline stress in an effective way.
Recently, the issue of the death penalty has been brought to popular an Italian jurist, Beccaria , whose most famous action is that firstly put forward a systematic theory of abolishing the death penalty .
Since then ,general contend about this penalty has never concluded .
With the development of our society , It is proverbially acceptable by human-beings that light punishment in criminal sanction system , on the other side ,the applicability of the death penalty has been queried by man of insight .
In accordance with a statistic , there are 111 countries or areas abolished the death penalty in law or in fact all over the world .
The penal code is aimed at protecting human rights as we all know, while the right to life is the basis of human rights .Even though the law , is not an out-and-out infringement of our rights .
The death penalty isn't the most effectual means to civilize and caution masses .
In accordance with one survey , some American states have abolished the death penalty , and the others are not , but what is surprised is that the crime rate of the later is no more than the former .
This shows that the death penalty is feeble and futile .
An penalty can not settle anything.
Finally , it is scarcely irreversible when there are a miscarriage of justice .
To the litigant and his family, a miscarriage of justice signifies irreversible misery of losing .
To the government and law enforcement agency, it signifies judicial query .Which is a blow to public credibility .
As a social phenomenon, Penalty has objective law instead of human will .With the civilized development .
penalty will be more relieved, from body penalty to soul reformation , from negative penalty of the past to positive transformation in the future .Abolishing death penalty has been a significant symbol of human civilization .
It would be adequately reasonable to believe that ,with social progress ,the death penalty will be faded away all over the world .
No one knows for sure,and do predictions is a risky business.
I predict that I will accept a good future and I will have house in the future.
The kitchen will become the most important room in the house!we will still be cooking,and we will probably be using the kitchen more as a family room.
In my working that I will be working on the biggest company I will become the boss of company where I will handle the hundreds of person.
I hope my dream will be realizing in the future.
Everyone has hometown in the world.
My hometown is Beijing.
It is my pride.
Bejing is the capital of China.
I lived there since I was born.
There are many places of interest in Beijing, for example, the Summer Palace, the Great Wall, the TianAnmen's Square, etc.
Where I like very much.
There are a number of mountains and river here.
Different season has different view.
At the same time, the people in Beijing are friendly .
There are a lot of places where I can play.
In addition, it is the capital of Beijing, many important meeting of the world was held, such as, the APEC, it has influence in the world, etc.
From my point of view, .At the same time, I am going to be a adult who is valueable, I will try my best to build it better and let more people know about my hometown---Beijing.
Nice to receive your email.
I know you are interested in Chinese traditional art.
so I'll tell you something about the art classess in your school.
The school have opened many curriculums,such as calligraphy,sculpture,painting,music and so on.
What's more,the curriculum is divided into theoretical and practical courses,so you can choose the one you prefer.
Every month,a large number of artists are invited to give lectures and we can get lots of knowledge from them.And we can also enjoy some famous works.
The students' works are often exhibited in school art exhibition hall so that students can learn from each other.
Looking forward to your arriving.
The tranquility and the peace shrouded the night.
There was no spirit in the empty street.
Looking up, the soft moonlight slipped into my heart, like the feeling of my mother's hand and the kiss of my loved person.
Walking lonely in the street, listening to the song Moonlight Shadow, I noticed the light of the thousands of families.
Suddenly, a woman attracted my eye.
She stood in the balcony, with her chin cupped in her hands.
Looked from my position, she was like a fairy from heaven with her long hair flying in the wind.
I made a guess that she was waiting for someone, no matter how late it was now.
The one she was waiting for was the most lucky guy in the world because there was always a person expecting him.
She disappeared.
Maybe it was too late to wait any more and she went back to go sleep.
At that moment, I was a little disappointed: in this world, there was never forever waiting.
a sweet sound came to my ear.
It is that woman who were speaking.She had went downstairs.
I turned around my head and was touched by the scene: he held her tightly in his arms; she was smiling.
"You do not need to wait so late.
"Never mind.
"Well.
They disappeared happily.
At last, I was not disappointed.Forever waiting existed.
In my life, many things touch me.
I do not know which touches me most.However,this little thing is like a flower in my heart, never withering and falling.
Nowadays more and more people pay attention to eating,so how to have a healthy diet is a proublem.So we made a class survey.In our class,most students eat healthy food.However,a lot of students don't have healthy snacks or drinks.
Most students drink some water every day but lots of students have more two drinks with suger.Seldom students drink at least 8 glasses of water a day.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.Most students have breakfast every day.However, few students have breakfast.
Lots of students eat healthy snacks,they eat some fruit every day.
There is an old saying'An apple a day keeps the doctor away'.It is good for your health.But most students eat junk food for snacks.Such as fries,chocolate and so on.Junk food is bad for our health,because most junk food contain much fat.We'd better get away from it.
we own your company name to Anderson&Co.
, Ltd. through whom we learned that your company mainly specializing in exporting various of plastic toys.We are writing to you in the hope of establishing business relations with you.
We are a cooperation specializing in the Export&Improt various of plastic toys, including plastic building block, water pistol, toy cars, dolls and so on.
What's more,we prefer developing new items which can be made with customer's own logos according to customer's requirements.Besides, what our focus is not only to make sure that we provide the highest level service for the customers but also provide the good quality products for them.
We will send our latest catalogue and price list for your reference.
Samples are available upon the receipt of your inquiry.
If you interested in any of the items, please contact us as soon as possible.
We would appreciate it if you give us an early reply.
Beijing Opera is China quintessence.
As an ancient art, Beijing opera costumes, facial mask are more likely to be loved.
Different types of clothing to reflect the different characteristics of the identity of characters.
Rich clothing decorated with exquisite embroidery; poor clothing is simple, less elemental.
Facebook is an important means to create characters in Beijing opera, it is a different color on the face sketch out.
Facebook's color to see at a glance the role of good and portray.
Liu Wei is an armless piano player.11 years old,he lost his arms,but he did not give up life.
Because he like piano,he decided to practice with the feet.
Afew years later,he realized his dream in"China's Got Talent"His piano level has already reached seven.
He was optimistic,the spirit of hard woke is worth us to learn.
I think everybody must have a faith to be successful.
All this needs to be their own,and he insist on it,the success of the.
This tells us that as long as we insist on the things we can't do.
He was my hero,and the hero of all.
Different people have answers of their own.
For kids, happiness means toys and games; for the youth, happiness means success and love; for adults, happiness means careers and families; and for the elderly, maybe happiness means health.
Happiness cannot be defined easily; it is a pretty natural feeling which shows your attitude towards life.
If you are the person who can be satisfied easily and realize how to feel grateful, happiness may not be far away from you.
For instance, I think I am this kind of person.
When I was in high school, my dad always got up early to get my breakfast done in order to make me prepare well for the new day; my mom brought the lunch from home to school just wanting me to have a nutritious meal; when I was sick, I even enjoyed being looked after by my parents.
I am grateful for my parents and it is them who make me a happy boy.
Also, I want to say, people who can do things which they are really interested in are also very happy and lucky.
It is not easy because there are so many difficulties you have to surmount.
Like Van Gogh and Beethoven.
One has a gift in drawing but no one can understand him at that time.
He finally chose to commit suicide.
But he never gave up drawing owing to his affection for drawing.
Beethoven is a deaf but a great musician.
When he is wondering in his own music, he is the happiest person.
No matter if you are poor or rich, sick or healthy, you can find happiness as long as you are willing to.
British writer George Bernard Shaw talk: "you take an apple, I take an apple and we exchange with each other, or an apple each.
However, reading is the best way to get ideas.
Reading is a great power.
First, its resources are rich and colorful.
Second, we can get never had the knowledge by reading, it can open up our horizons to better understand the world, but also promote the development of our brains to our development, so that we benefit from it.
A Great man has become a great man, not only because of the success he achieved, but also because he can indulge in a sea of books among the accumulation of knowledge.
To sum up the experiences of failure from the reading, builds a fearless confidence of experience, laid a solid foundation for his success.
To his success in practice, it has become a great man.
We are what we read, reading achievement dream, I believe that one day reading will help me realize my dream.
Let's pick up the hands of a book to read to achieve your dreams.
Nowadays the information folw is very fast .Social networks are groups of people who share interests and who interact in a variety of ways via software on websites .These include file sharing ,chatting,messaging,exchanging photos etc.
Social network sites are usually free to come in .Include Myspace,Facebook,Bebo and so on.
On the one hand,some people difine social network sites as web-based services that allo indiciduals to construct a public or semi-public within a bounded system,articulate a list of other users with whom they share a connection,and view and traverse their list of connections and those made by others within the system.The nature and nomenclature of these connections may vary from site to site.
On the other hand,others agree Social Networking is important.Social networking can help a business gain contacts,clients,and increased public awaeness.Even enterpreneurs who run samll business from their homes can take advan tage of this resource to set up a global presence.
As far as i'm concered,Social networking is making its mark in history these days.In fact, is is progressing so fast, it is leaving the news media in the dust.Everyday people are reporing news faster than a whole newa team.
Nowadays many students do not take the oral English in English study, it attaches great importance to the reading and writing.This phenomenon has aroused many people's attention.
Parents do not have any English foundation and family education are almost zero.Many children don't like to speak English, this is a sickness.As far as I'm concerned,there are possibly two reasons contributing to this phenomenon.Why does such a phenomenon emerge?As far as I'm concerned,there are possibly two reasons contributing to this phenomenon.
In order to change this situation, I think we should communicate with foreigners.
The ministry of education should strengthen to the attention of the English, strengthen the English using path and exams should be modified to make students pay attention to their spoken English.
Hello, my name is Y.
Today I want to tell you the things about my pocket money.
I know everybody has the pocket money.
The survey shows that 90% of the country's lack of pocket money, only 8% of people do not lack of pocket money.
Obviously, I am a member of the poor people.
but no money is not enough.
My mother gives me $700 every month.
Some people may say that there is a vast amount of pocket money.
So now I will talk to you from another Direction.
As far as I am concerned, I am a girl so that I don't eat so much food.
Even so I have to devote $3 in the morning.
The milk is $1 and the two pieces of bread are $2.
$1 plus $2 equals $3.
For the lunch, I devote $6.
The premise is that I can only eat less meat.
The dinner is the same to the lunch.
Therefore, I need to adopt $15 about eating for a day at least.
So I pay the $450 for my eating a month.
Obviously, it's a big number for me.
Most just is only to eat.
But in the real life, we still have to buy many things like the beautiful clothes, the nice shoes and the good-looking bags.
This is something that a girl must have to buy.
So I would also like to buy some daily necessities.
Beyond reproach, a month's pocket money is not.
Accordingly, I recommend that some measures be taken.
I have to make a plan about it.
I also want to write down the cost of the day.
I think I can coax mother into increasing my pocket money.
Money is life.
With the money, you can not use too much, still can not be too stingy.
My city decides to add some taxis.People's minds are different.
A number of people agree to increase taxis.They think taxis are too few.And wait taxis need to spend too much time.Others think add taxis is a bad idea.Because more taxis would cause more serious traffic accidents.The thing is also may cause more serious traffic jam.
My view is add taxis.I think more taxis can make more easy to our lives.And don't make people wrangle because taxis'question.Add taxis make our lives have more harmonious.
It should be disscussed.
There is an interesting sentence: "One who was born in 1970s has deposit, and who was born in 1980s has loan.
I can't refute what the sentence says, but I can't accept it either.
Maybe your parents leave you a lot of wealth.
In any case, it will be spent up unless you earn more.
we can infer from this sentence that it is important for you to earn money by yourself.
In addition, you should accumulate so that you can live a better life.
On the one hand, you should earn money by yourself, on the other hand, you should never forget no matter how rich your parents are, it' s not yours.
To tell the truth, true wealth does not consist in what we have, but in what we have.
This morning, when I got up.
I could hear birds singing on the tree and it was pleasant to hear.
I was surprised to find that it was snowing outside.
I was very excited and it was very heavy.
Not only roads were all covered with snow, but also trees were all covered with snow.
I wanted to take some photos to preserve the beautiful scenery.
So I took my camera and I went out.
When I went out, I took many photos and they were very beautiful.
Suddenly I looked a man full down in the road.
I decided to clean the road to let others not full down.
So I went home and put on my camera.
I took a broom and went out.
T thought if I don't clean the road.
It would be very dangerous.
I cleaned the road as clean as possible.
I thought that nobody would full down.
I was glad about it.
When I finished cleaning the road, there were many people that praised me about clean the road.
I will help others as much as possible.
To the word "loser", every one of us may have a different understanding of it.
Loser is a person who fails to do what he has planned to do.
Relatively speaking, loser is the opposition to winner.
But sometimes,a loser can be a winner.
Loser can appear everywhere in our life.
As a child, there are losers when playing a game.
To us, there are the losers in an examination.
To the countries, there are losers in a war.
In a word, where there is a competition, there is a loser.
Generally speaking, a loser is supposed to be the person who fails in a certain competition, game, examine, etc.
On the contrary, the one who succeeds in doing it is called the winner.
For example, in a football game, the team which scorns the most is the winner, and the other is the loser.
However, a loser sometimes can be a winner in some respects.
It depends on whom do you compare the loser with.
Say a student who always be the last in examines in a class, he can be called a loser in study.
But if you put him in the whole school, there may be some students who do no better than him.
So compared with them, he can be called a winner.
Besides, even if a person who gets the worst result, he can still be a winner if compared with him in the past.
So, there are no regular winners and real losers.
A loser can be a winner if we see him in a different view.
So, never lose your confidence when you fail, and be arrogant when you succeed.
From the chart given above, we can observe that the number of people traveling abroad experienced some changes during the past several years.
From 1993 to 2003, the number of Chinese people choosing overseas destinations for their holidays increased rapidly from less than 5 million to 20 million, and then to 70 million in 2011.
Reasons can be listed as follows: for one thing, the authorities have issued some preferential policies to promote the development of the overseas tourism industry, which encourages a sudden emergence of travel agencies that can provide customers with convenient overseas tourism services.
For another, with the improvement of financial status and purchasing power, a considerable number of Chinese people can afford the once-deemed-expensive traveling expenses.
By observing the past trends, we may forecast that the growth tendency will continue.
However, it is also a highly variable industry which is vulnerable to seasons and climates, international political situation, fluctuations in exchange.
Nowadays many college students have a bad habit, they often cut a class, anyway their teacher don't remind them to come to the class or call their parents like the high school teachers.
Some people believed they were right, because they were adult not the child, and they have their freedom to go anywhere.
But as college student I think the college students should be required to attend classes.
There are three points to explain my opinions: the responsibility of the college students, the tuition in the college, our purpose in the college.
When we went into the college, we have the responsibility to study as a student, because the college was a school which can teach us something we can use to support our family in the future.
We studied the skills to live by ourselves.
So when we came to the college we have a good chance to improve our ability, we should not wast the time when we were in the college.
The tuition of our college was expensive.
Because the college divided into three kinds.
Undergraduate the first to the third.
And most college students were the undergraduate third, so the tuition was expensive.
Maybe many families have not had the ability to make their child study the undergraduate third, but for their future, they borrowed the money for their child to go to the college.
So when you want to cut a class, thought about your tuition.
The purposes why we went into the college were very important and may be the same, we want to get the undergraduate diploma, because nowadays whatever what job you want get, they will see your diploma, so if you can have the undergraduate diploma, you may get a good job.
In the other hands, we went into the college we not only want to get the diploma but also we want to improve our selves.
Well these three points are the ways shows the college students should attend in every class, because they are all important for you, when you met some class that you do not want to learn, you should think about the your responsibility, because you are a adult, and your purpose, your dram, what you can get in the college.
Oh, don't forget the tuition you paid for your college.
Learning is extremely crucial in our life.
Everyone has oneself way to learn,More than,I have myself's way.Therefore, it's important for us to learn English well if we want to be a global man.nonetheless many people claim that it's hard to learn English well .
Today, I want to introduce some good way for English learning.
Firstly, fall in love with English.
There is a good saying that interest is the best teacher.
As long as you love something, we would like to figure it out deeply.
So does English.
Once you development your interest in English, you definitely will want to learn it by heart no matter how many difficulties you meet.
Your interest is the biggest motivation to learn, which will force you to find some effective ways to learn.
Secondly, make a good plan for your study and practice it strictly.
Learning is a long and tough journey that needs patience as well as methods.
A good plan is one of the most effective methods.
Learning schedule, content, step, target and so on are included in a plan.
Besides, you should pay attention to the mistakes you make.
Finally, make good use of all materials you can get.
Nowadays, there are plenty of materials for us to learn English, such as newspaper, magazine, radio, TV, the internet and many other media.
They contain almost all information in the world.
We can get news as well as knowledge when we use them.
Besides, the knowledge we get in class is far more enough, so that it's necessary for us to broaden our knowledge after class by using various learning materials.
I love discuss the study with the other student,sometimes,I'd love to read some English books,listen to music and see English subtitles film,they will be making study much better,but I don't like rote the text,I think that it's boring.
The film is about the banker Andy because his wife was having an affair.
After a drunken wanted to killed his wife and her lover, but he did not start, the coincidence is that night, somebody shot his wife and her lover, he was accused of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment, which means that he will be in the Shawshank prison through the rest of his life.
My favorite character is Andy.why is he?
I ask this question again and again.
He is handsome?No,I think one of his most attractive points is his persistence.
He spent 19 years,use a little hammer broke the wall, successfully escaped.he always have hope.Like the movie say: Fear can hold you prisoner.
Hope can set you free.Andy did not fear.
Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things and no good thing eve .
It takes a strong man to save himself, and a great man to save another.
"this is why I like Andy.
In modern times, raising kids has become one of the most important and urgent issue.
Considering the common method of upgrading children, which means parents overly involved all activities of their children, i think parents should have certain reservations in giving their love to their children.
The social competition is becoming more and more sharp, it is the same among children.
Since it is not good enough for their children just get the college degree, they try to give their kids a little of everything that's available.
And now the social living condition for children is unsafe, such as the high divorce, job hopping problem.
In order to protect their children and secure them a good future, all parents are intend to take charge of everything for them.
However, all those called "good things" in the name of love have become killer of the future of the children.
So it comes to that all parents have become a daily frantic rush from school to hours of homework.
In my humble opinion, it is wrong for parents to sacrifice their free time to make sure their kids are safe and want for nothing.
While their kids are not supposed to pleased under the control of their parents.
They have no time for their own space, as they are robbed of the opportunity to have little fun of life.
Even the sports and music that supposed to be fun experiences for children are overly involved with their parents.
On the other hand, the experience of life is more useful and important than the knowledge learned from books.
All kids are living under the protection of parents so that have little ability of learn and live on their own.
Even we can say that parents are robbing kids of the opportunity to learn from failures.
As for me, i think the parents shouldn't worry about how they do leave a little space for their kids just hanging out.
For children, living independently and freely, they can learn to make their choices instead of feeling lost and confused once they get to college.
In one word, i want to reinforce that all parents should have certain reservation in giving their love to their children.
I am from F University.I'm very happy to stand here.
I am very happy and through this interview can show you myself.
My name is S.I'm 22 years old.
I like sports very much.
I'm full of confidence for life.I am very hardworking and friendly.
I try to do.
Sometime I have patient and grave.
I like children.
To be a good English teacher is my dream.
If l were a teacher I would build a close relation with my students helping them not only on their study but also on their lives.
I can expand children's horizon.I can teach them to sing songs.
I will try my best to achieve further success.
I like work because of my heart.
I believe l can do.
I think l best.
I'm very friendly l think, so l will chant with them and make friend with them.
I also tell them some useful knowledge to give them.
I leading them I get a good future.
I can teach them more and more knowledge.
I like to study.
And intornet get information.
All rivers run into sea.
Hope everyone supports me.
Think you.
I hope you can remember me.
In the past two years, much thing was happen.
Some was interesting, for example, we had an activity about flash, every classmate in our class tried our best to dance, although we were not the best, I think we were the most serious.
Some is shocking.
two years ago, I was very down when I knew the score of final exam, I knew that I can't graduate to high school, but thankful, I felt happy and I thought the knowledge in vocational school is more useful than before.
And the classmates in our class is every friendly and unity.
I don't know what will happen in the future , but, the last two years had happt, down, sadness.
In recent years,scientists usually major in fields related to our body's health because that is connected to our health and majorly useful for us.This time we are researching this part:knees.Why are we interested in knees?
The first reason because knees has very important effect which supports people doing exercise.And I think this is because knees have a lot of soft tissue in it,so knees are worth exploring so that we can learn more interesting things about it which we don't know now.
The second important reason is that many athletes knees have different problems and for their knees are very important.For example,some famous athletes like Li Na,can not go back to play tennis anymore because of their knees being old and tired.Two years ago, the famous basketball player Kobe Bryant,because he hurt his knees,was unable to play basketball for the entire year,so I think that our knees healthy that very close to our body healthy and it is more important for athletes and I think in our life,knees are a very sensitive part of our body.If we get injured in our knees and they can't heal,we will not be able to walk easily.
Kness has many little but important linkages which can affect our nerves and many of these can break easily,and if I describe the knees I will say as looking like a stone,but it breaks easily.In the sports world,many players have gotten injured in their knees before,but their injures were different.So we may think that different people's knees are different.I know that the color of people's knees that different and the speed of recovery from knee injuries is also different.So we can find that many small areas work together in the middle of our legs so that we call them "knees".
Now,we still have many questions,and we need to discover more and more about the organisation of our sophisticated knees in order to help us be healthier.
The Spring Festival is the most important traditional Chinese holiday.
the family get together to celebrate it.
The celebrations used to be very grand.
But now it becomes more and more boring .
The Spring Festival in my childhood was very interesting.
We prepared for the celebration over a month before the beginning of the Spring Festival .My family and lots of my relatives went to my hometown to spend the festival together.
On the day before the Spring Festival we wore new clothes and exchanged our gifts with each other.
We made and cooked dumplings together.
When dumplings were cooked, Spring Festival Gala Evening was beginning.
We watched this TV programs together and I think it is really warm.
But this year we won't went to my hometown and I don't know why.
The fireworks became less, the evening became more boring, even the dumplings are not as delicious as the last year.
Compared to then, now the Spring Festival just as comfortable as in heaven.
But it seemed like all the fun have gone away.
The only reason I think is because my heart was too busy to feel the fun of the Spring festival.
I want to become a child again and spend an interesting spring festival in the next year.
Hello Eric, I'm L. I know that you are interested in the Chinese ancient people, so I'd like to tell you a story about Sima Guang, a famous politician in the Song Dynasty.
One day, when Sima Guang was a 7-year-old boy, he was playing the hide-and-seek in the yard of his house.
All of the children were scared.
Some of them cried and some of them ran to the adults to ask for help.
But Sima Guang was very calm.
He found a big stone and used it to brake the tank.
In this way, the water ran out and Sima Guang saved the child's live.
I hope you will like this short story.
For the seminar in next week,I booked a room in DR hotel.The room was 2816.I wish both of your can confirm the schedule with security and to avoid some errors.
And please note that a participant has some personal affairs need to deal with in this day,maybe he will be late for the seminar.
HI,I'm Tom.
I have some good habits I read books every day,I like to read English books.
I always get up early,so I am never late for school.
And I hardly ever eat junk food,so I'm very healthy.
However I have a lot of bad habits.
I exercise once or twice a week,so I'm thin and short.
I usually drink coffee.
I sleep only six hours every night.
Anna and Linda are competing for a position as a saleswoman in a cleaning supplies company.
The interview was made up of two parts which are the written test and the ability test.
Luckily, both of them passed the written test, and then they faced the ability test: they should sell the toothbrushes of the company brand as many as possible within a week.
After knowing the title, Anna began to think and make the sale's plan.
She went to the store to ask for information of the sales of this toothbrush, investigated that how often customers change the toothbrushes and whether they are used to preparing more toothbrushes at home.
At the same time, she found the advantages of the toothbrush and advertised the toothbrushes by her contacts and network technology.
Although there was only a week, Anna didn't waste a portion of a second.
She thought that how to make the toothbrush sell more and how to maintain a certain number of sales every day.
Linda is a girl from a rich family.
This job can be considered to a chance that her family want to make her exercise her ability.
She had done it as her thought.
After her parents' friends heard this assessment, they all bought many toothbrushes to prepare to use at home.
What's more, they introduced the toothbrush to their friends.
Within a week, her sales were considerable.
It was time to show their sales performance.
Linda is very proud of the number of sales this week.
She thought the position must be her.
Though Anna was not more sales than that of Linda, her work is not only these this week.
Together with the sales table, she also handed in the suggestions of the toothbrush after her investigation and the sales proposal in the future.
For example, they can cooperate with tobacco companies to have activities such as giving toothbrushes when buying tobacco to remind the smokers to pay attention to dental health.
The result was so clear--Anna got the position.
And the company also gave her a new business: she should relate to the tobacco companies to discuss cooperation matters to achieve her plan.
Anna was still careful and hard to do the job.
Soon after, in her efforts, a tobacco company accepted her advise and hold an activity.
This time, the cleaning supplies company sold a lot of toothbrushes.
Later she became a sales manager, and went toward a higher peak step by step.
As far as I'm concerned, many conditions are those that we can't change.
But I want to say, don't envy other people who have better condition.
We should know that success is 99 percent perspiration and 1 percent inspiration.
If we can grab the 1 percent inspiration, and stick to struggle hardly for them, we will also be on the road to success.
Nowdays,with the fast development of information technology ,new information has won wide attentions.Therefor,many people are worried about whether young people has lost mang of the traditional values of the old generations.my answer is no.
by a few old people.As we know,young people are usualy curious.They want to know everything.
With the development of internet, young people can easily obtain various knowledgesand values.
These knowledges and values consist of traditionnal values and modern values.
can notgo out far from their parents.Nowdays it is impossible.Young people must go out for job and strive forward.By contrast,when one reaches an old age,he/she tends to be more conservative and reluctant to acceptnew ideasand innovations.They are likely to adhere to past practices and old days.
To me,young peoplehave not lost many of the traditional values of the old generations.They have just lost those traditional valueless valus.I do not think one will replace the other.
These days,a reality tv show named the voice of China,achieving a huge amount of praise whether in teens or in adults.
What attracted thousands of people is the special part for the famous singers who plays in the judges in this program,they are asked to be back while the perfromers singing their skillled songs ,if their songs catch the attention of the judges,the judges put the button in front them ,so they got the chance to have a look at the singer' appearance.
This program satisfies its name---the voice of china ,neither the appearance nor the family,the judges make their descision without knowing anything.As a result ,this program provide a large number of singers with fantastic voice into music circles .
Another point is that when more than one jugde choose a singer,the singer gets the right to follow the master he or she want to be coached by .At that time ,the music masters will try out everything they can think of in order to get a strong singer for the final contest.
This show has turn out to be an unexpected success,and I am quite sure that it will keep attention rate.I my view,what impressed the audiences is not just the audition type ,but also the fair.In addition ,the tv show focus on the common people who are actually out of common.
Words and actions are two kinds of behaviors.
However,some people are always talking but they are doing nothing.
I hold the view that actions speak louder than words because of the reasons presented below.
For example,there are two people who say they love you.One takes good care of you.When you feel at a loss,he gives you some suggestions.When you are in trouble,he always does you a favour.The other are saying :"I love you"all day long.
If somebody just talk without taking actions, he will become an unreliable person .
People cannot trust him.
Easier said than done.We ought to do more and say less.If we do so, we can become intelligent people.
In conclusion, words is nothing but words.
Actions is the measures to make people admire you.
Do not talk much, just take actions, in that actions speak louder than words.
With the growing popularity of the internet, more and more people pay attention to get the news on line.
It has recently been bring into focus.
Quite a few people think the internet get the news effectively and conveniently.
But anothers, in contrast, againt this ideas.
As for me, take newspaper as a better source of news as a premier choice.
Amony many factors which influence my choice, there are two conspicuous aspect as follows.
For one thing, I think newspaper is more of a reliable source of news.
First of all, the newspaper must through out the examination by test authority before come out.
The false information will be relieved effectively.
We can get the news correctly and quickly.
Secondly, Internet is always associated with politics and current events.
It is beneficial to us to know the social change.
For another, although using the internet is more convenient and efficient, it has some disadvantages.
First, people spend more time to the internet.
It will alienate human relations.
we should manage time properly.
Secondly, our sight will be weak after use the internet overly.
Therefore, for the above reasons, I think newspaper can provides a correct and fresh news for us as a better source of news.
I'm a 20-year-old college student, I want to find a job and guides related.I can go to work next month.
I can say at least three languages: Chinese,English,French.I think I can take this job.My personality is outgoing and I like to communicate with others, I also like travelling very much.I tried to do a tour guide before but because there is no more time to do the job espect learning,So I quit.
I want to ask if I get this job,where is my work place,when I will work and How much is my salary.
I really need this job, I will be grateful if I can get this job.
I look forward to hearing from you.
For all of the junior student, the college is a kind of goal.
But I, successfully achieved this goal, into the university campus.
In has not entered university, my teacher think we describe a free and happy life at university.
But on a semester at the university of experience.
I can only use two words to describe our current situation---The helpless.
I remember many of the teachers said that the university is a miniature of the small society, what happened in the real society is likely to happened here.
But more than one semester contact, I have deeply felt the existence of this kind of atmosphere.
College life, however, is not all of there.
More often, club activities more attract the attention of people.
Also make me feel in this time of college students has different from the smell of junior school students, let me see the college life is also colorful, as long as you are active, enthusiastic and brave.
All in all, university life will be because you better change and become more colorful.
It is known that with the rapid development of information technology, internet and electronic commerce is getting more and more popular in our daily lives.
Currently there is an ongoing discussion about whether we should go shopping online.
Personally I believe that by making good use of online shopping, we can get various products that are possibly not available in a traditional store.
By browsing the products online, we can easily and conveniently choose the ones we like and get them paid and delivered without going out of room.
In addition, the products are always cheaper than the ones in a traditional store.
However, the disadvantage of online shopping is that sometimes we may not actually see the products until we receive them, which I think we may have the chance to buy something inferior.
Although sometimes there may be potential risks for online shopping, there is no doubt that it is of great benefit and convenience for us to go shopping online.
Recently a servey has been made to find out about musical interests of senior school students.
The survey is made among 400 senior school students of Grade 1 in our school.
About 60% of them love pop music.
% of them love classical music, while the rest 10% love opera music.
Wecan tell from the result that most students love pop music while fewer love classical music and opera music.
The reason for this kind of situation is that most students think that pop music is fashion while classical music and opera music are old and out-of-date.
So they love pop music instead of classical music and opera music.
But pop music just last for a short time.
As for classical music and opera music, they are the tradition of human being and will last forever.
So we should do something to make a difference, to make senior school students love pop music and opera music.
Here are some suggestions: First of all, we should teach more about classical music and opera music in music class.
Secondly, we should play such music in TV programmes and radio programmes frequently.
My room is small but it is beautiful.This is my bed and that is my bookcase.There is a hat on the bed.There are a clock and a photo on the table.
There is a sofa and there is a desk.My schoolbag is near the sofa.There are a notebook and a pen on the desk.There are a tape and a tape player on the desk.There is a CD on the desk.
There is a chair near the desk.My room is wonderful.
Thought I also like to watch the movies sometimes,this is the first time to watch an English movie once a week from March to June.To be honest,it's a wonderful experience to share every movie with classmates and teachers at class.When we see the moving screen we will cry.Instead,we giggle together when we hear funny conversations.Anyway,we share the happiness and sorrow together on Sunday afternoon.
Let's review the movies first of all.The first movie we appreciate named Truman show,which is the movie that have impressed me most.It tells a story about a set world,which is manipulated by a director.Truman is the chief actor who doesn't know the fact that his life is on the live day and night.As an audience,I wish I could have told him the truth that he is being deceived by all over the people.In reality,I hope that I will overcome fear then choose to face the cruel world bravely just like Truman.
In my point of view.The graduate talked about a topic on"No confusion,No growth".Nevertheless,Once graduated,Maybe we still feel confused for a long time,but there is no doubt that without problems we can't make progress in life.What the similarity between the King's speech and the great debates is that they both reflect how the language can change life.I learn that the importance of the confident.Kramer Vs. Kramer,a common meddile-class family,tells the love to family members even if make a divoce.
To be frank,I don't like One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest very much.I even can't undersant what the director want to reflets until I discuss it with my friends.I think that the movie is too exaggerate about free spitit VS authority.
I was stimulate by The Hours.
Feminist development was a long period,on which woman challenge the states.In other words,it's far away between men and women equality.
I enjoyed the process of film rewiew,because I thought more about the meaning while I was writing.I have written the themes and background at class.Combined with the prompt given by Lucy Liu,I was being motivated.It was an exciting moment when I provided reflections about submitting assignments through the website.On the one hand,I felt disappointed if my grade wasn't well.On the other hand,I had opportunity to correct the mistakes according to the website.In the end,I suggest that teacher can play movies in chronological order.It's a way to let me make clear the whole history of England or American.
To sum up,I was glad that I have seen so many good movies during this semester.Sometimes,the great movie just like a teacher who share life experiences to us.As far as I'm concerned,the different movies open a vatiety of windows towards lifeitself.Therefore,I love movies!
I'm a Grade Two student from L High school.Today my topic is The J Library.
J Library is an outstanding work.There are over 32000000 books in it.About sixty thousand CDs and DVDs are collected in the library.The last magazines and newspapers that you can find in it as well.In this place,you can enjoy the Internet Suffering everywhere.
You can immerse yourself in books from 8:30 to 19:00.And you should know it isn't open on Monday and Friday morning.
It takes you to get there conveniently by bus.TianJin Library is located in 15 K Road.47,48 bus direct here.
In recent years, with the rapid development of science and technology, it brings us much convenient to our life.
At the same time, it also produces numerous waste.
Consequently, waste sorting is highlighted by human beings in deal with rubbish.
First of all, waste sorting makes for saving resources, and some waste could recycle to our life, such as a piece of scrap paper.
In people's life, if they sort the garbage in recyclable waste and non-recyclable waste, the recyclable waste will become the useful goods, it named turn waste material into things of value.
In addition, waste sorting is very helpful to environment pollution.
Many abandoned batteries contain poisonous materials, which do great harm for people and animals.
And if the batteries are abandoned by someone in soil, the soil would be polluted.
It not only influences the growth of plants, but also influences people's life.
What's more, waste sorting helps decrease the cost of disposal of rubbish and the amount of work of the cleaner.
Thewaste sorting will be great beneficial in the long run.
If everyone pays attention to waste sorting, we will have a new environment.
Nowadays, with the development of Internet technology and an increasingly number people using computers, online shopping has become a common part of people's life.
However, different people have different views on online shopping.
Some believe that online shopping can be convenient for our life, while others believe that it has many disadvantages if we shop on the Internet.
As far as I am concerned, online shopping is hard to say good or bad.
On the one hand, there is almost every kind of goods we need in the online shopping mall.
And if we shop online, we can buy goods wherever we have a computer instead of going out for shopping.
It means we can save our time when we choose shopping online.
These are the convenience of online shopping can bring us.
On the other hand, online shopping really has some drawbacks such as the security issue and the quality issue.
Therefore, while we enjoy the convenience that online shopping brings us, we also have to improve our discrimination.
As a college student, it goes without saying that I like online shopping.
I believe that online shopping will become increasingly popular in the future.
As everyone knows, parents' education is very important to children.
People often say that parents are children's the second teachers.
Because they are children's closest people, they are families and they have been with children a long time.
Their words and actions will have a deep influence in them.
Some people think that if the parents give their children a higher demand, they will more likely to succeed.
But the other people think that if the parents give their children too much pressure, they will hardly to succeed.
Children need more encouragement from their parents when they are young.
They hope to be sure from their closest families.
If parents give them too much criticism and negation, they will become no confident and self-abased.
Finally, these children will hardly to succeed.
However,pressure is necessary.
Strict requirements for children will push them to work hard to get good grades.
My opinion is that parents should give their children a certain pressure.
Children need encouragement as well pressure.
They are all important in children's growth.
Before winter comes, swallows fly to the south.
Many animals are looking for a large amount of food for the winter.
The tree leaves change from green to yellow, then fall to land.
Many of the trees are bare.
It was as if the whole world suddenly became very quiet.
The weather is getting colder and colder.
People wear thick clothes, and people use thick quilt in the evening.
I think it is good for us.
It is suitable for us to do sport.
It is colder than summer, and it is warmer than winter.
And this is the time, harvest corn.
Getting up in the morning, people will feel very cold.
And with a cool rain descended to land, make people realize the winter coming.
Recently, teenagers like fans very much.
Some students are crazy about celebrity worship.
So, here are some views.
First of all, I think teenagers shouldn't celebrity worship.
and make our study become worse and worse.
their money.
But it can also make us work hard.
true.
Everyone has their own thoughts.
Money may be many things to be many people in their life.
Some may see it as the most of life while others may view it as a piece of cake .As far as I am concerned, however, I would take a correct attitude towards money.
Money means something but not everything to our life.
There will be more essential than money.
My insight into life is bound up with three majors.
Primarily, we need a smile in our life.
Secondly life needs to be taken enough time and energy to keep going on.
And most of all we should work hard and try our best to guarantee a colorful life.
I have much freedom in this matter, but I have never found any other way of seeing life, more reasonable and acceptable reasons are following.
We all know that we must undergo different ages in our life.
We can do different things during different ages.
At the same time, we may face many challenges.A Smile through any challenging situations, for smile is the best medicine to ease you an anxiety and stress.
Of course fight with the fate can gain much respect in our life.
Above all, your life will add color and variety.
Nowadays more and more social events uncovered modern academician'the problem of qualities.which made us feel the shock,so it is necessary for us to think of this problem why the students who received advanced education cannot make us satisfied in some way.
From where I stand.on the one hand,now students are usually the only child who can be easy to be spoted.On the other hand,the school education just develop the student's learning skills but ignore thier moral learning.such as ,why be honesty and how to filial piety.
What'worse,when they leave family and school,the importance of moral would be seen.For example,they may cant't find good jobs,and they would have difficulty in adapting to a new circumstance.So it's time that we should take action to solve this problem.Personaly,,the government should encourage school to put the moral learning on the agenda.
This is my desk.
This is my pencil.
This is my sheep.
This is my computer.
This is my book.
This is my dog.
That is my cat.
That is my ruler.
That is my sister.
That's my printer.
That's my mirror.
That's my door.
That's my family.
This is my water.
This is my mom.
This is my father.
This is my mother.
This is my car.
This is my picture.
This is my photo.
This is my pen.
This is my pistol.
This is my bullet.
That is my cannon.
That's my shell.
That's my blood.
I own you an apology for absenting myself from the meeting been held yesterday.
My flight from London was delayed for over two hours because of the heavy fog.I do wanted to make a telephone call to you to explain the reason of my absence,however,I was already on the plane and the plane was hoping to take off any time,so the airline attendants forbade my phone call because of the consideration of safety.I will read the meeting summary carefully by myself and do the things which were arranged to me.
Your understanding and patience in this matter would be greatly appreciated.I hope I could have a better performance in the future work.
The promoting of "fast track" trade negotiating authority should be suspended since the US has suffered from massive trade deficits and job losses due to NAFTA and the WTO.
Between 1994 to 2000, gross US imports rose much more than export and unemployment increased rapidly and swept the country, especially in the manufacturing sector.
Besides, thanks to the movement of FDI and the sustained appreciation of the US dollar, US markets have been flooded with imports from developing countries.
So NAFTA and the WTO should be repaired and build a win-win trade relationship.
With the development of the society, people pay more and more attention to education, students may be tempted to cheat in order to get into top grades.
Then nowadays, it is common either in high school or in university, cheating on exams has become a problem we have to face.
In some exams, a large number of students copy others' paper or prepare Cheat sheet by themselves, and because of the electronic products, they even through the phone to check the answer.
About this behaviour, it brings a lot of problems.
First of all, the teacher could not judge the students' real grades, they could not help students to make progress.
Secondly, it could make influence with other good students, they could not focus on exam when other students copy their paper.
Third, this behaviour is wrong, it is a cheating, not only cheat others but also cheat themselves.
From this, it must be realized that we should resist the behaviour.
In conclusion, cheating on exams is a despicable vice.
To Prevent students from cheating is beneficial to students' moral cultivation, and then promote the development of students' body and mind.
Let them develop the good habits of honesty is very important for themselves.
Nowadays,our society has developed faster and faster.Meanwhile,more and more problems have been seen.
One of the worest problems I care about is the environment.It's a fact that our air is no longer fresh again,our rivers have been polluted with the waster water.Trees on our planet are decreasing rapidly.Our sea leaver is climbing at a terrible speed.Totally,the global environment has changed and toward a bad side which makes us at risk.
Except for the environmental problems,the relationship between people and people is changing as well.People seem to hardly trust each other and an increasing number of people become cold-hearted.It's not just a small scale of people who appear to act like this,but a large quantity.
On balance,with the development of our society,our people,their minds,our civilization all have changed.When we look back on,it's not hard for us to find out that our splended traditions are fading out.
In twenty years, I will be thirty-four years old.
I think I will be a successful and happy person.
I will be a doctor then and will help more patients.
I will live in Beijing near my parents and I will visit them often.
Every year, we will have a family trip together.
In my spare time, I will play computer games.
I like sports, so I will also play tennis with my friends and go swimming at the swimming pool near my home.
I will enjoy my life a lot because I will spend my time how I want to.
Life will be so exciting and comfortable.
Every day, when we go along the street, we always see both men and women hold their phones in their hands, with eyes focusing on the screen or listening to the music.
As we all know, in the 19th century, cell phone had boomed rapidly, spreading to every corner of the world, not only among youngsters but also in old people, especially in the developed countries.
Although people can communicate with others by utilizing cell phone, many problems gradually begin to emerge.
From my viewpoint, to some extent, cell phone is a curse rather than a blessing.
Usually, for those who support cell phone is a blessing, the most widely held the point is that it's very convenient for us to exchange information with others.
We don't have to talk with people face to face.
Meanwhile, we play games and listen to music by phone so that we can relax ourselves.
Undoubtedly, cell phone has numbers of advantages, but we can't ignore the opposite parts.
First of all, cell phone results in less communication between people.
While going out or dining with friends, people often pay their attention to cell phone instead of chatting with others.
The relationship between residents becomes more and more indifferent.
Furthermore, people are used to read news and novels when they walk, without concentrating on the condition of roads.
A report convinced that these years at least 1000 people per year lost their lives because of using of cell phone, and the number is still sharply increasing.
To sum up, cell phone indeed becomes an essential aspect of our lives, despite it has some troubles, we shouldn't deny the importance of the small machine.
It all depends on how we take the advantages of this blessing.
What we can do is that we ought to cultivate correct habits of using cell phone, for instance, to avoid playing phone in the busy street.
If not, adversely, it seems to be a curse.Do you agree with me?
When I was a senior,I had my dream university.That is University of International Business and Economics which is locked in Beijing.
The school has a long history.Especially 1988,its MBA was admit-ed by New York University.By many years,it built a relationship with many universities and achieved lots of honors in many internatianal matches.
At UIBE,there are 12 colledges,1500 staff,10000 students from everywhere.Its motto is "leaned,honest and seeking'',the school spirit is ''union,dedicated and innovation''.In 1985,Nixon gave a speech in the school.
I loved the school.Although I am in SOUTHEAST UNIVERSITY now,I still want to go there.
I was quite happily .
Congratulate with you very much.
different from ours in the middle school , I believe .
In the university , there is no long forced to learn by teacher , no longer so many lectures to have to learn.
Please introduce some of your learning method .
e very colourful .
And if you want, come to China.
you deserve to come .I am waiting for you .Your pen friend ,Li Hua.
This is a fun speech of articles by the president of Stanford University, at the opening convocation on September 21.
In this passage, the president not only welcomed new freshmen to Stanford, acknowledged whoever helped the new students so that the students can be admitted to the university smoothly, but also put the best hope on the students' shoulder which means that pupils are the future.
As an undergraduate, I am willing to meet the challenges and chances which wait to me.
In recent years,with the development of technology.China has witnessed a dramatic increase in the number of private cars,which has caused many problems.Now,this issue has given rise to a heated discussion.Should we put a limit on private cars?My answer is,Yes!
First of all,the soaring number of private cars exhausted a mass of gas emission and the environment has suffered greatly from this gas.For example,the blue sky became feculent,the air was fill with PM particulate matter.Sometimes,you can see the flowers covered with thick dust.The more emission gas be exhausted and the more air be polluted,What's more,the emission gas was harmful to our health.Therefore we must limit the private cars.In addition,too many private cars would block the street.It is inconvenient for us to go work and school.When I went to hometown in the holiday.I had to wait for an hour even long time to go to the bus station,it is quite a misfortune.Last but not least,there were many car accidents happened in our life, if we did not limit the private cars,more and more accidents would happen.In our society, a large number of drivers drive a car after drinking and always cause an accident.In this way,a life would disappear.So we must give strict policies to limit the number of private cars,besides,we also need raise people's awareness of environmental protection.
To sum up,in order to let our country become more and more beautiful,it is necessary for us to put a limit on ptivate cars.Finally,it will be of great benefit in the long run.
I spent half of my childhood in my school,so I love my school rather than my home.
I love lab building best.
Actually, I like everything in school,except the classroom.
In my mind, lab building is the most beautiful place,there were two trees in front of the door so we can enjoy ourselves under the tree.
On the first floor,there is a lab which can do chemistry experiment.
I like chemistry just because of the experiment.when we burnt Mg,the view we see is amazing:it just like firework.
On the other hand, we also mix the different things in a small bottle.
It is so dangerous that we must be careful in every minute.
On the other floors,there are many interesting places as well.
I love lab building because it is beautiful,amazing,quiet.
No one knows for sure, and I am a sunshine boy, I think my life in the future is wonderful.
In the future, I will study on the computer at home, so I won't go to school, I can send my homework to the teacher by computer, and teacher will be relaxed, and it is convenient.
At home, I will have a robot, it can help me do the housework, then we will have less work to do and will have more free time to relax.
I am going to be a good doctor after I graduate from the university.
I believe I will bring everyone health and happiness.
I am sure dream will come true and I think my life in the future is wonderful.
For this part, you are allowed 30minutes to write an essay commenting on the remark "Good habits result from resisting temptation".
You may cite some examples support you view.
You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
A Rose for Emily is a story about life and death of Miss Emily Grierson which happens after the American Civil War in Jefferson Town.
Emily Grierson, an eccentric spinster, is embodiment of tradition.
She is obstinate and determined woman as well because when a new mayor asks Miss Emily to pay taxes, she refuses.
Her father is also an incarnation of the South, but he is fastidious about her marriage.
After her father's death, Miss Emily falls in love with Homer Barron, a day laborer, whose social position is apparently lower than her.
Therefore, the town can't understand Miss Emily's relationship with Homer, and then, they start saying "Poor Emily".
However, their relation is short-lived as Homer becomes tired of her and intends to get rid of her.
Finally, Emily kills him with arsenic and sleeps with his corpse for decades.
When we entered the college,we would go through an identity crisis and many developmental changes will occur to us.
On entering the college,we should leave our warm house and parents to a strange place.Without parents'care,we could feel lonely,but we must keep going on living.We must do everything by ourselves when we face some challenges and setbacks.Gradually,we will get used to solving our problems on our own.Experiencing more difficulties,we will perceive the meaning of life and become more and more optimistic and mature.What's more,we are no longer called children,and we will be the young adult.
Maturity is a symbol of a person who moves from adolescence to young adulthood.So if we encounter some problems that we hardly solve,don't be afraid and everything will be all right.
With the development of technology ,Internet plays an important role in our lives.It has also effect on interpersonal communication.
Some advantages of the communication by the Internet can be listed as follows.First,people can use the Internet all over the world to meet a lot of people and let people know about more imformation.Finding people that have the same interest is convenient.Besides,people can communicate with each other by the Internet,such as blog,QQand so on.People can look on dates through the Internet.
Most important of all,people can make friends through the Internet.However, the disadvantage that the Internet brings to us.If people spend too much time on the Internet ,they will slip into the Internet.They have no chance to have face-to-face communications.
In a word,every coin has two sides.The Internet does good to our daily life.But it has also a negative part.We should do our best to deal with the disadvantage of it.
As is well known,many students cheat in the exam.It is obvious that faced with the exam some students are anxious and not confident.Because they don't study hard l.Additionally,the students are lack of honesty which will limit their development.So how to eliminate students cheating is worth paying attention.
First of all,students should learn of the harm of cheating and realize that honesty plays an important role in their future development.In addition,school should punish the students who have been found cheating.What's more,students also need a good social environment.Society should appeal to people to build up the consciousness of honesty.
In fact,ways to eliminate students' cheating in campus are countless.It is necessary that students are aware of the importance of honesty .
There's no that mobile phones today are increasingly building an important influence on people' daily life.As a tool of connecting people with each other,mobile phones can effectively close the commuicating distance between people, which makes people's life more convienient .With the development of sicial sicence and technology,mobile phones'fuction also make further development,such as the touch-screen phones and smart cell phones .Not only do they make more convienient in people's life,but also they can be offer some more imformation we need,like shopping online ,surfing,playing games ,ect.
However,everything has two sides.Apart from their advantages, their disadvantages can be obviously found.
For example,many people, especially those teenagers who over rely on their phones to play games, surfing or read novels,distracting them from their schooling as well as doing harm to their health.Besides,people gradually not to focus more on communicating with others face to face but on their screen on hands.
Thus, how to balance its influence in some degree depends on how we use it.
This is my school.
My school is big and beautiful.
There are thirsty-three class rooms in my school.Our classroom is on the fourth fool.
There is a computer room on the firty.
There is a Conference Room on the second fool.
There is a science room on the second too.
is the art room on the second fool too.There is an Art office beside the art room.
There is a music room on the first fool.
There is a PE room on the first fool too.There is a library on the first too.
This is my school.I like my school.
Recently there has been a hot topic about migration issues, which arouses a heated debate among people.
The phenomenon is that more people are migrating to other countries than ever before in order to adapt to their adopted countries,nevertheless, opinions differ from one to another.
Some hold the view that they should abandon their old lifestyle and adapt to local customs and codes of behaviour for the purpose of better interaction into society.
Others, however, are opposed to the point of view, they firmly think that people in foreign countries should also insist on their old ways of living and keep their traditions in mind,because they're Chinese and cannot forget their origin forever.
In my personal opinion, I'm in favor of the front one.
Among many factors,which influence my opinion, there are there conspicuous aspects as follows: Firstly,people in foreign country need to get accustomed to the new life they choose,thus, there will be many problems for them to face and try to solve the problems in time.
Therefore that they make some changes to the new environment makes sense,which is of great importance for their future settlement.
As an old saying goes:Do in Rome as Romans do,if the immigrants would like to enjoy the life there, trying to integrate into the society in their adopted country is necessary and understandable.
Secondly, immigrants in foreign country will encounter some unimaginable difficulties,such as the lifestyle,about eating or the concept of time.
As you can imagine, if we know nothing about the local life and customs,life there will be really hard for the immigrants.
They will be in plight easily and without any helps from their old friends.
Take one significant point, for example, when we're in a foreign country, eating is the most necessary thing for us, however,as a Chinese, we have our own customs and thinking about eating, we always treat our friends in a restaurant or invite them to our family dinner.
However, in the manner of a foreigner, they have different views about eating, for instance,you should be invited in advance and make it with agreement of both sides.
In addition, learning the local customs and codes of behavior doesn't mean that you're not patriotic, in contrary, it's our chosen method of interaction with others, which is the basic need of the foreign life and a necessity to get along well with foreigners.
Culture diversity exists all around the world, hence we should strike a balance towards the phenomenon.
From what I have mentioned above, we can safely come to the conclusion that different country has different ways of life,taste and sentiment, social customs, mental outlook, what we should do,as an immigrant,is to follow the new ways of living, only than can we really enjoy the life we ever choose and never regret what we have decided before.
The culture around the world should belong to everyone of the world,which is more than skin,color or physical characteristic.
Just keep it in mind and live a good life.
From your letter I konw that you are interested in Chinese Spring Festival.I'm glad to introduce some essential parts of the centuried festival.
The Spring Festival is the grandest festival of all year for Chinese.It has a long history,which can date from Han Dynasty.Generally ,Spring Festival refers to Chuxi and Chuyi.But traditionally,it lasted from Laba to Lantern Festival!
Before the festival comes,people always sweep dust--which means sweep the misfortune away,paste couplet and paper-cut--which adds happy festival atmosphere and represents good dreams for the next year.
On Chuxi(Chinese New Year's Eve),people stay up all night to welcome the new year.We call it Shousui.During the eve,people get together and enjoy a very hearty dinner.What's more ,watching Sring Festival Gala is also a tradition that almost everyone won't miss.When twelve o'clock gets close ,we let off firecrackers for celebration.
The next day Called Chuyi.On this day's morning ,people dress themselves and visit friends and relatives to pay a New Year call which called Bainian.However,the Spring Festival doesn't end until the Lantern Festival.
Now,I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
As is known to all,had it not been for the earth,we human beings perhaps would never find a suitable planet to live on.While,with the rapid pace of development of modern society,our mother earth is under threat.
All over the world,industrial waste water let out has seized homes and even lives of marine animals.Seeing along the road,sedans,which are running all the way giving out waste gases almost make us out of breath.Plastic bags are thrown everywhere,and at the same time,animals are hunted for their meat and fur.
So,finally,the earth came to the end of her patience.Wildly do sandstorms blow that trees are uprooted.As the ozone gradually becomes damaged, humankind's survival is threatened.Also,extreme weather that turns up frequently brings us in popular anxiety.It is just what we human beings did that reacted up on ourselves.
We all should treat nature with respect and put enough emphasis on daily life to avoid destruction to the environment.Only in this way can we promise ourselves a brighter future!
Today things are different,the earth has become too crowded.We are using up our natural resources,and polluting our environment with dangerous chemicals.With the carbon dioxid being made more and more,the temperature of the earth is much higher than before,it's a big problem,on account of other serious problems it will cause ,such as sea level rise.
The earth is not as well as it was before ,but it always our home and our human have the duty to take care of it for our later generations .Fortunately,more and more people have realized these problems,measures have been taken to cope with them ,so the earth is getting better!
If life is a book, then the university life is the most beautiful of the book; if life is a drama, then the university life is the most wonderful scene, if life is a long journey from the cradle to the grave, then we can see the most brilliant scenery.
We all have our own dream, don't give up because of the difficult journey.
Our dream is far away, but only through the efforts of life to be meaningful.
Don't let the heart be impetuous occupy, we should strive to acquire knowledge, learn to be a better person, four years of time in a very difficult to adhere to, but it is easy to give up.
We firmly believe that winter is coming, spring is not far, did not spend warming time of the winter Zhichun, have not passed through the desert in unknown water sweet, no after failures don't understand the joy of success.
Because we are young and frivolous, we may fail.
Nonetheless it is young to give us the courage, let us bravely into the future, as long as we persist, we will eventually win.
University is a small society full of competition and challenge.
Leave your figure in the activities of the organization, show your style in the community activities, in the volunteer activities to contribute your strength.
Here you get not only a kind of knowledge, but also a kind of life wealth.
Let the young students because of energy and talent, make life more colorful.
University is the palace of our dreams, in order to come to this hall, we have experienced many difficulties.
Since entered this threshold, so let us in the dream palace asperses personality.
Finally, the civil servants in people's minds have higher social status, no matter where, civil servants will receive the respect of people.So, this is also one of the more important reason.
But now, the civil service exam also has some disadvantages, and people who war,not the purpose of serving the person, so I hope to improve more.
We live on the same earth and all of us are members of the marvelous family.In my opinion,I think we should try our best to support them in some situation.There are plenty of cowards everywhere including here,but there are also plenty of courageous person who will risk their lives to complete strangers.
First,helping others are to help ourselves.Everyone will come across lots of difficulities in our lives.When we met difficulties.We also hope others to help us.And those whom choose to be happy must happy others to find happiness for the welfare of all.I think in our life,thereshould be no fear nor mistrust between us.
In my opinion,we should still offer what we cando to help those needed strangers.Meanwhile,we should beware of getting cheated and use our common sense to tell whether the strangers are real needed people or just professional cheats.Detecting anything unusual,we should defend ourselves or turn to the police.Random acts of kindness are great if you're in the habit of showing kindness as part of your daily life.Help people get rid of the pain,will experience a joy to help others.
My parents knew me about my dream many years ago.
When I was six years old, I just wanted to be a good teacher.
I like playing with children and teaching them English.
I hope become good friends and buddies with my students.
If they have problems, I am really happy to help them to solve them.
This is a beautiful dream, but I must work hard now.
So I have to listen to teachers carefully.
I am also pleased to make friends with my teacher.
In the future, I think my students all have different abilities each other.
They are very polite.
And the students are best in the school.
And in the many poor places, there are also a lot of students there.
I want to go there teach those children.
They hope to be great persons.
They study harder than the students in cities.
So I want to be a good teacher.
This is a great job, too.
During the study, each person has a preference for the type of learning.
Actually,everybody learns by different methods.Learning styles is different between person and person.Do you know which learning style is best for you?
In the morning,I recited some of the need to remember the lesson and memorized English words.After all,morning is the best time to remember some thing.In the spare time,I listened to some English songs to improve a sense of language.I often read some English novel and see some English movie to learn English.As much as possible to communicate with others in English.To get good grade,we should listen carefully in class,after class,we should review.
All in all, Favorite and the most suitable method, in reality, is most concerned about, is the most interested in learning.Do you find a suitable learning method?
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new school and checked everything for the new term.
I was excited as well as worried.
I was excited because I will become a student of a high school.
I was worried because I did not know about the teachers and the students.
I was afraid that I could not make friends with them.
When I got school, I found everyone was very friendly.
Teachers were kind too.
I suddenly forgot my nervousness.
I felt that I was at home.
At the end of today, I felt very happy and I believe I will have lots of fan at the new school.
This week, I saw a movie Corpes Bride.
The story happened in a town, there was a man called Victor and a woman called Victoria.
They are going to get married.But Victor is too nervous to speak to Victoria.
Then he walked and came into a gloomy forest.
He tried to speak to a tree and succeed.
At the same time, a dead woman climbed out of the ground.
She supposed the man is talking to her and accept.
So she has become the man's wife.
Then he got off the ground with the woman.
They came to a hell.
There are some dead live in the hell.
And there isn't any alive person before he came.
He went to many parties.
In the party, many human skeletons sang and danced.
Gradaul, he was familiar with the dead.
He lived happily.
One day he eavesdropped that the old man gave the dead woman a medicine.
The medicine can let Victor die.
So he can live with all of the dead and got married with her.
He came out and said that he decided to drink.
But the woman stopped him drinking and helped him find victoria.
In the end, Victor and Victoria married.
This movie is wonderful.
And Victor, Victoria and the dead woman are very good.
I like the died woman, through she liked victor, but she still helped him find Victoria find Victoria.
Because she knew that he belongs to the living people's world.
And she is not selfishness.
She did well then any other people.
I like this movie.
This is to certify that Miss Susan Hobson has been employed in our office to be a secretary for the past two years.
During the past two years,she has proved herself to be hardworking and reliable and devoted to her duty.She is really a competent secretary.She has a good command at English and German.Her English and German speak very fluently.She can do a competent job on general interpretation.
This is my friend.
This is your quilt.
This is his name.
That is your mother.
That is my father.
That is his grandmother.
These are they teachers.
These are your oranges.
These are his pen.
Those are we keys.
Those are her cups.
Those are my maps.
Some people believed that school only should make students get good grades.
And they only teach students subjects.
From my perspective, it is ridiculous for us to blindly follow trend.
So if we don't have dreams and goals, we will become confused.
It is necessary to teach students about specific careers and jobs.
To begin with, schools should prepare their students for life after graduation to find jobs.
They need to be ready to enter the job market to find a job after graduation.
They need to think about the future about their students.
If a student only studies at school, he will have no dream.
They only know how to study, but they don't how to plan their future and how to choose job.
So the school should make students know how to choose the job which they are good at.
For example, my friend--jack,he has good grades.
And he is good at some subjects, and he takes part in many activities.
He doesn't have dream or he doesn't know which job he should choose in the future.
In that case, school should take some ways to help may friends so that he can have a better future.
Furthermore, when students know which they should major in, they will know which should be given up, and they could have a basic direction to choose which subjects they can do.
Students can save a lot of time and aviod some unnecessary information by learning major subjects.
You can practice again and again, and you don't need to choose some optical subjects.
Lastly, as long as school tells students which accurate job they should choose, students will make more preparation.
They could have more time to know this job and they can get more experience as an internship.
Only do they have more experience, they could stand out in the careers competitions.
In summerize, school always needs to give us some knowledge to become a successful person.
But they also need to help students find the direction of future.
This is summer at six p.m.
There is a car accident.
This some old men were playing sports and the young men were singing.
That some boys was skating.
The girl was taking a dog for a walk,and some students were practicing the guitar.
My father and my mother were working.
My grandmother was watching TV shows.
My grandfather was looking through my math homework,while I was finishing my others is homework.
While my family were listening to a car accident near our house,we were looking out the window and realized that it was true.
Nowadays, more and more people would like to move to other countries and settle down for better natural environment, and more educational opportunities.
Whether these new settlers should accept new countries' values and lifestyles has become a public focus.
Before presenting my own opinion, I think it is essential to analyze both sides of the issue.
People in favor of acceptance to new values claim that once you live in a new environment, you have to adapt yourself to the new community.
If not, you would feel psychologically isolated.
Moreover, getting yourself in the new environment, you can develop a better career, for your employer will consider you to be an adaptable person.
And your family also can get themselves involved in the new community.
Last but not least, as you accept the new values and lifestyles, you can learn something new apart from your own culture.
Those who are against, however, argue that if the settlers accept new values and culture, they are considered to betray their own countries, so they no longer belong to their countries.
Furthermore, new settlers are supposed to keep their own styles.
For instance, their eating habits, religion believes, and so on.
Last of all, it is a good way to preserve their tradition and culture, especially the ethnic, who are in minority of people.
Personally speaking, I tend to side with the former view.
Though people should have their unique styles, it is crucial to adjust to the new environment and community.
An old saying just illustrates my point: When in Rome, do as the Roman.
In traditional opinion, men are responsible for earning money.
They are the source of financial.
We call them bread-winner.
And women are responsible for caring the family.
They care for children, clean the house, cook meals and so on.
However, with the development of our society, there have been more and more women working outside.
They do many jobs which were seen as men's peculiar jobs.
And in some fields, women even do better than men now.
No, men and women play different roles in the society.
There are different abilities between men and women.
In some works that need much logical thinking or more physical power, men can do better than women.
In some jobs which require more care, women are more welcomed.
Works have no boundary.
The appearing of successful women doesn't mean that women are stronger than men.
It just indicates that women are excavating their potential abilities.
The other reason why many people think women are stronger than men is that the public are used to thinking men taking up jobs.
In this condition, when some successful women appear, the public would think too highly of these women, making people engender illusion.
In fact, men and women are equal.
It is wrong to make women stronger than men.
I have a small but perfect room.
On my bedroom.
You can see a green sofa and a big bookcase.
The bed is near the bookcase.
Reading book is my hobby.
So I have lots of books.
I have a red clock.
We can see the time.
These are a CD and a tape on my desk.
And my keys are on the desk, too.
This is a hat on my bed.
This is my room.
I love it.
Recently years,with the development of the internet,blog becomes more and more popular.Many people use blog to express feelings and exchange ideas.
Blog is short for web log.Compared with dairy,blog is more convenient and not easy to leak privacy.It's one of the reasons why blog is so popular.The second,there are many resources on the internet.People can insert interesting picture and nice music in the blog to make it more attractive and get high hits.And they can also read other blogers'article which holds different opinions,with whom to discuss current affairs.The third,a quite important reason,many stars use blog to record their daily life,so fans will give attention to it and comment on it.And the fourth,just like fashion,maybe you don't know it clearly but you'll still follow it.
On the one hand,blog which provide people with social interaction and self-display platform is contributed to the communication between people,on the other hand,it also give others chance to spread bed information.And many reports in the blog is unconfirmed.It's one resource of rumours.If those rumours spread,it can cause adverse affect.
Whatever is good or bed,blog plays a very important role in people's daily life.
Last week a quarrel occurred in my family.My roomates wanted to study street dancing and asked me to go togeher.Then I told it to my parents to ask their views.What made me depressed is both of them strongly opposed it.I argued with them and asked why.Finally they still forbid me to do it.They think it is a bad thing.
In my opinion,although they are all for us,they don't know what we really want.The times is different and parrents' values and beliefs should be changed so we can have a better communication.
And we can know Generation gap is very common at present.
A man in the Internet makes up some words and the two person are running away with frightened face.This picture shows that online rumors make people scared .What is worse,this will disrupt our normal work and life, and bring us a great deal of troubles.
care about the things that around our life.A a result, the malicious people make the online rumors at random.In this occasion,we woule rather believe it.So,they achieve the aim easily.On account of online rumors,we feel anxiety and worried.
Therefore,it is time for us to take actions to avoid and stop the online rumors.First,the government should enhance the legal disciplinary system.Once they break the law,they will get more punishments.
Only by these two ways can we reduce the harm and avoid it.
Some of us think that it is better to see the film than to read the original work.Each has its merits.For example,the movie has three advantages.First of all,it will save time.
In addition,it is interesting than reading.
Finally it will be more easy to understand.
However,read the original work also has advantages.
It has more details.
In fact,the language in the book is possibly more lively and beautiful.
As for as I am concerned,the original work more real.For bad understand literature I like watching movies.
One of the luckiest things in the world for me is that I have caught the last bus,which is one of the most anguished things for me too.This February I came back school,seeing the bus full of people driving past the street,which recalled me the memory of my special experience on the bus this winter holiday.
It was 9 o'clock then.After an afternoon of shopping and eating ,my parents and I luckily caught the last bus.The scene was horrible.The bus had already carried too much people,while there were still 15 people outside who were waiting to get on the bus.I tried every effort and got on the bus from the rear door,hoping that I would not be swing out when the rear door was open.Besides,It really made me uncomfortable that my head had to against the bag of the young man in front of me.
To my despair,another group of people appeared in the next station.Pushing and shaving,I had to stood on tiptoe to regain my balance.When we were all safe,I tried to put down my feet while I found another shoes under my feet!And I had to maintain my pose all the way since I didn't know whose shoes they were.Holding the post tightly,I felt both funny and annoying.
Exhausted,we finally got home and all of us went to bed immediately.But I couldn't fall asleep for several minutes.What happened that day made me think that it was never a good idea to play outside with my parents too late and it is high time that our bus company take measures and shorten the time between two buses in rush hour.
Tourism is a really good way to earn money for those tourism firm or agency, or those place.
Tourism can bring a lot of profit more than we expected but cost less than other kinds way.
So now no matter domestic or overseas, all is fond of investing money in tourism.
I thought it is good before, but now I don't think it is a good thing anymore, because more and more pollution that is also out of our expectation.
To attract as many as tourists, many park places changed the present nature place, which makes the entironment broken and cause the lack of water and farmland.
In addition, plenty of visitors travelling, some of them have very low quality, throwing much rubbish in the attractions, which makes much more pollution to the local environment.
Everything has a limit, when we are beyond the limit, it will bring disaster to us.
Tourism seems like cost very little, but in fact cost much more than we can afford.
The wise way to develop environment is to find a balance between environment protecting and tourism developing.
Regard to the heat debate whether should famous Chinese sites of historical interest charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons.
I suppose that it's reasonable to raise the price in the rush time.
There are three reasons to support my point of view.
First of all, most sites of historical interest in China are under the control of the local government.
Therefore, as the historical and cultural heritage, these sites are always being maintained periodically which leads to a great expense to government.
Although the entry fees of the sites share a part of the cost, it's still a large project.
Thus the higher entry fees during the peak period are benefit for officials to gather fund so that government could divert the money that used to the sites to other public facilities.
Secondly, the original fees are very cheap so that the raise of the price can't cause too much trouble to tourists.
Besides, the improvement of people's material base makes it urgent matter to enrich their spirit world.
Tourists are willing to spare their money on traveling meaningful historical sites.
