What is a true friendship is not based on who is useful for you, telling yourself that who is really helping you out of the difficulties and reminding you to follow the correct road.
What's more, who is the one you really want to move close to, and who make you feel comfortable.
Books play an important role in human's developmental process.
The development of society, the progress of mankind cannot do without knowledge, books, the libraries.
In USA and western country, almost every town has free libraries.
But in China, different people hold different views about government establishing free libraries in each town.
In my opinion, I really think that the government should establish free libraries in each town.
There are several vital reasons for my opinion.
First, in Chinese towns, after working, people have nothing to do but gambling and watching TV.
If government established free libraries in town, the people would have more entertainment of culture and it would enrich and animate people's cultural life.
Establishing free libraries benefits not only people's life but people's job.
Library assumes the duty to educate people about scientific knowledge and other culture, so people can taking more labor knowledge and work skills.
Once they cannot solve the problems they encounter at job, they could find the solution on books.
What's more.
Books are the most significate friends and teachers of children.
Kids who born and lived in a small town couldn't gain adequate knowledge unless there is a library.
Zhang Dejiang has said that "if we built a more library, we could build a less prison".
From that we could draw a conclusion that free library is so important that it is about the time for government had to put a lot more of energy and fund to construct free libraries.
As we all know,most college students fall in love after they enter college.In fact,It's natural for college students to make boyfriend.But there are more and more people thinking about whether falling in love will have a bad influence on students' study.
Some people,especially college teachers and students' parents,think that students should give up love and concentrate on study.They say that campus love is not lasting and most of loves may break up be after graduation.If a student falls in love in campus,she will concentrate all of time and energy on her love so that her study may fall behind.
It is of great significance for a college student to know how to copy with something in college .For example.
Firstly, how to be faced with your life problem .Secondly, how to arrange the time of study.
Additionally, how to get along with your classmates and roommates.
Many bests ways of can be taken by ours to confront difficulties in college life.
In the life, You should learn to independent in your own life, you need to have the ability to do with life problems by yourself.
In the study, Except for playing you need at least to least two hours in studying .In other terms of, your have to help your classmates with a sincere heart and more communicate with others.
To this issue, I am convinced that we have to independent and try to make lots of friends, Because after graduating from the college, friends are a big fortune..
So I'm hardworking every day.
Yesterday is April Fool's Day.
I didn't do my best at the English test.
Yes, don't worry about today's false.
Now global warming is becoming more and more terrified.Our environment is comforting an extremely difficult challenge.I think the most significant problem of today is what we human beings are doing to save our environment.If not,I think we are going to face an unclear catastrophe.
Well,I have been reading about the problem of landfills,and it worries me a lot.Of course,no one intends a tremendous landfill anywhere near their neighborhood.There is no easy way out.So many cities are trying to do more recycling so that they can reduce the amount of stuff that goes into the landfills.
Sometimes we always here about air pollution,but not many people are aware of the problem of water pollution.It is a problem in almost every major city in the world.Almost all our rivers and lakes,where we get our drinking water are being polluted in some way by businesses,farms,homes,industries and other sourses.Although the water most of us drink has already been treated,it is still not 100percent pure.I think we must do something to save the complicated problem,but basically what is involved is treating all the waste products more carefully so that dangerous chemicals and bacteria will not find their ways into our water supply.
In accordance with, a recent report,in the Amazon rainforest,trees of an area about the size of a football field are falling every second.Apparently trees in the Amazon rainforest are disappearing at an alarming rate.As a result,rare plants and wildlife are being destroyed and the whole ecological balanced is being upset.So we can see our environment is being fragile.We should try our best to protect it from being treated badly.It is not only for others,but also for ourselves.
By the way,climate is useful for weather forecasting.It also helps determine when the most positive time would be for farmers to plant their crops.It could even be helpful for you and your family to plan a vacation.Put it another way,look out of your window any day,any time and you see weather.Look out of your window every day for a month or longer,observe the weather each day,and you can determine the climate.
Finally,I must say,our home is being more and more fragile,so let us do something to save our home.
As far as I am concerned,friendship is when you are in trouble,your friends can help you get out from it,and when you are happy,your friends can share happiness with you.In a word, the friends can share happiness and sorrows.
As for me,I know the true meaning of the friendship is the time that I study in middle school.
One day,it's the time that we came home from school, but it had rained too heavily,so most of us waited in the classroom,and every one of us wanted someone could send an umbrella in the situation.
Suddenly,someone was calling my name from the window,Oh,it's XIAO MING,he was studying in the next classroom,he asked me to go home with him,and we shared the only one umbrella,Even though most of us clothes were wet because the umbrella was so small,we felt very happy,and we smiled at each other at the end.After the thing,we are in better friendship.
It's a simple accident that happened in my childhood,but I remember it now,and I think I would not forget the thing that moved me.
In my opinion,we should learn how to pay,not barely hope get from our friends,when our friend in need,we should try our best to help them,and support from the spirit.Only by this,can we develop a good friendship with our real friend.As the thing goes,A friend in need is a friend indeed.
The 2014 World Cup FIFA is the twentieth World Cup football match, this is the second time held in Brazil.
football star is Neymar.
I hope the Chinese Team can take part in the World Cup.
won a World Cup.
When the match begins.
I hope I can watch it.
But I need to go to school.
I wish one day China can hold a World Cup.
Then our can watch the matches without going abroad.
My school is big.
There is classroom, Art room, Science room.
and there is playground.
On the first floor , there are six classrooms.
Beside the western stairs, there are PE teacher's offices and a library.
Beside the eastern stairs, there are some teacher 's offices.
On the second floor, there are eight classrooms.
Biside the western stairs, there is Art room .
And there are headmaster's offices.
On the third floor, there are nine classrooms.
rooms.
Beside the eastern stairs, there are some teacher's room.
On the fourth floor, there are nine classrooms.
eastern.
And there is a chess club.
Beside the western stairs, there is a computer room.
some people are playing in there.
This is my school.
I like it.
In China, English is taken to be a foreign language which many student choosed to learn.
They begin to studying English at a early age.
They use at least one knowledges a day.
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words.
That's a good phenomenan, for English is essential nowadays.
In addition to, some people think English is .
In me opinion, though English is for great significance, but English is after all a foreign language.
it is hard for people to see eye to eye.
English do help us read China.
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance.
Learning a country's culture,English do help us read China.
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance English do help us read China.
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance.
I intend to launch a new series books for you.
And I will list the most important advantages.
Above all, it has more comprehensive and more exhaustive contents than before versions.
In addition, after every chapter, it adds appropriate tasks which can improve your ability to solve problems that you may meet in the fact.
Most and not the least, in this series, you will broaden your horizons about logistics.
Because it has gathered amount of professors.
You can harvest beyond book prices.
The most attractive things is if you buy the whole series before 20, September, you can enjoy a great discount.
Time is running out.
You should buy it quickly.
I attended the college this years, then I got to know some habits of college students.
They own mang healthy habits,but unhealthy habits are also existing.
Mang students go to sleep very late in the evening.
So they always feel very tired.
They might fall asleep in the class.
Some of my classmates will read novels when we are having classes.
It is also an unhealthy habit.
We should listen to the teacher carefully.
He or she will teach us a lot of knowledge that we did not know just before.
Some of them always cost lots of money to do something ineffectual.
We are just students.We have to get money from our parents.
Playing computer games could distract us from our study,So we should not use too much time to play games.
Because it is an unhealthy habits,too.
As a college student we should pay attention to our goals.
We should build up our dreams.
All of these unhealthy habits will not be helpful.
So try our best to achieve our goals in life is the most important thing.
Everyone has difference opinion for happiness.
Some people think their happiness is that have a lot of money.
Others think that there are cars and houses is their happiness.Some people think ordinary is happiness.
In my opinion, I think happiness is the family happy and healthy.
Even if one have money again, if he be disease all day long, he also won't happiness.
Even if some people have a room and car, but he is a person alone, no one to play together and talk together with him, he also won't happiness.
On the contrary, if a person has a family that the family is health and happiness,the he will be very happy.
On the first day when we went to school,our teachers have told us that we must to study hard and should stick to study everyday.Since study is a process not learned by a short time,That is to say,we should have a strong will to do everything,and everyone knows "NO PAIN,NO GAIN",so strang will is a important guarantee os success.
On our school life,we less difficult to find that the excellent student is whom usually study hard everyday instead of the one who work by fits and starts .
so the work life does,the success always belong to the one who persist in working hard.
In words,nothing succeeds without a strong will,i hope we can remember this sentence by heart and also encourage ourself at all times.
As Poor Richard said:"The art of getting Riches consists very much in thrift.
"We know, the practice of hard work and frugality is a cherished part of our tradition.
That is what Benjamin Franklin wants to tell us.
Put another way, we should learn to build a diligence and frugality.
Where there is a Will, there is a Way.
If we want to get money, we should try our best to pursue it.
Besides, it is also essential that we should learn to thrift.
Thrift is the key to open the wealth's door.
In modern China, many people seek money blindly, and waster of money intemperately.
Naturally, no matter how wealth he is, he will become more and more needy.
In conclusion, to get riches, we should cultivate the good habits of thrift and diligence.
The Dragon Boat Festival is one of the important national festivals in China.
It is a traditional Chinese festival on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month.
This festival is to commemorate the death of Qu Yuan, a romantic poet who finally suicide by drowning himself in a river.
There is an important activity of this festival -the Dragon Boat races.
In the past time, the Dragon Boat races aimed to save Qu Yuan from fishes.
Now these races also show the virtues of cooperation and teamwork.
In addition, the festival has another activity which is making and eating zong zi.
Zong zi is made of rice stuffed with different fillings and wrapped in bamboo or reed leaves.
People who mourned the death of Qu threw Zong zi into the river to feed his ghost every year.
With the changes of the times, the memorial turns to be a time for protection from evil and unlucky for the rest of year.
People will hang healthy herbs on the front door to clear the bad luck of the house.
Above all, the Dragon Boat Festival is an important festival for Chinese people.
As we know, college life is extremely crucial for us to study.
But, the dormitory life is as crucial as the college life.
A harmonious dormitory life can make a positive environment for members.
Howerver, the harmony always be disturbed by someone sometimes.
For example, some members make the noise after others sleep, different habits make the war from members of the dormitory.
Although, the dormitory life have some blemishes .
But, we have to admit it, a harmonious dormitory life is essential for college students and benefits all the members.
Harmonious dormitory life not only can help us improve our result, but it also changed our unfavorable habits.
In my opinion, it is necessary for us to keep the dormity'harmony.
In order to your college life, change your shortcoming.
Try your best to create the harmonious dormitory life.
l think there is some love around me.My mother is an ordinary person.She is always busy with work,but she still cares for me very much.When l meet difficulties,she encourages me to face them.Besides,she passed a cup of milk when l was still doing homework.l think mother's love is the greatest thing in the world.lt was the sun that keeps me warm all the time.l will put my mother's love in my heart,forever.
Because of our company has won a large export order,we need to organize foreign language training to all of you.The meeting will be start at 8 o'clock on 29th October in the conference room,please announce all staff attend on time.
Being kind to others has been inherited in our culture for centuries.
Nowadays however, this traditional value is challenged by a negative phenomenon that some should take advantage of people's good hearts, which gradually damages the public's belief of holding the tradition.
Having been told so much negative news, some of the crowds spontaneously have a second thought of offering a helpful hand when they meet someone in need.
To be honest, I am one of them.
The cause of the phenomenon is seemingly from people with unkind motives.
Whereas, I think the real one may result from the government, for there might be legal loopholes for them to utilize.
What we ordinary people could do is be careful to avoid being cheated.
But by being cautious could only ease the problem but would never work it out.
Only the government takes actions to complete the law and the press report positive news to encourage the public to help others.
On the other hand, not only should we take care against being trapped.
Furthermore, we ought to maintain our kindness instead of acting like a frightened rabbit despites of what we might ever suffer or hear.
Many families only have one child in China.
Their father, mother, grandfather and grandmother always love them.
They are usually not allowed to do anything and are sent to school every morning.
They still can't do anything when they grow up.
Look at the picture, the girl want to learn to ride a bike but her grandmother and parents help her carefully.
I suppose that her parents should let her learn by herself.
It is bad for children that parents love them too much.
They can't do their own things if parents always help them do everything, and it will be difficult for them to find a job when they become men or women.
So, parents should let their children do something by themselves.
According to the report,more and more people turn to online education.Well, then why is this new education mode so popular?What are changes it compared with the traditional classroom education?
Actually,education on the Internet which was great hot way at American from 2012.And after a year ,it spread to China and accepted by many Chinese .In face of the phenomenon, I suppose that the advantages are the principle reason why most people choose online education,it is also the potentiality of this fresh way.
So,what are they?First,anytime.
Whatever you are student,officer,teacher or boss,etc.Modern people always busy, usually they want to go classroom and listen teacher,but they have no time.Study on Internet can break down these barriers.
Second,anywhere.Whatever you are in, school,office,home or outdoor,only you have a computer,can you easily learn the courses that you are interesting.It is really convenient.
Third,there are a lot of courses by famous professors,ordinary people can also enjoy excellent educational resources.Besides,we can discuss own views with others around the word.Not also equitable but free.
Even so,online education still existing problems such as some web's curriculum just are simple video which not solve students' doubts.And some distance learning platform can't recommend suitable courses to learner,may well students spent lot of money but nothing to their study.
There was an appreciated thing which happened in our school on last Friday.
A girl that is in poor condition fainted between classes.
Three students who wanted to help her closed to her as soon as they saw that.
One of them stooped down and the other boy put her on his back.
Another students called 120.
They made concerted efforts sent the girl to a hospital.As a result, the girl was treated in time.
Her parents are very appreciated for the three boys and all the students take pride in them.
I wonder your school life now,so I tell you my school life.I usually get up at 6 o'clock.
After breakfast I go to school immediately.I often ride to school and it takes 30 mintues.
At school,classmates and I hand in homework before class.I usually have maths lessons as well as have seven lessons during the weekday.I don't like physics,because I think it's so difficult to learn.I love biology as I like animals and all kinds of plants.
have free time,I will watch TV until go to bed at about ten.
On Friday,I stay on at school in a mintue and I'm running on the playground.This is my school life.
It is no denying that China boasts a history over five thousand years and of course, Chinese traditional characters play a significant role in this process.
Generally, traditional characters are regarded as the carrier of civilisation and the manifestation of its culture.
In terms of this issue, I harbor the view that traditional characters outweigh simplified characters.
The reasons are as follows.
Primarily, traditional characters are the vivid demonstration of Chinese ancient civilisation for some characters symbolise lifelike animals, some imply subtle interpersonal relations in diverse situations and others are bestowed with our sincere wishes.
In this case, they are not only the carrier of information but the messenger of Chinese culture as well.
Additionally, traditional Chinese characters are still widely taught and used in Taiwan, Hong Kong and chinatowns worldwide, which shows the necessity and reason-ability of traditional Chinese characters.Furthermore, it will result in tremendous inconvenience or even trouble in international communication if traditional characters are replaced by the simplified characters someday, .
Ultimately, traditional Chinese characters should be inherited and handed down through time.
Thus, only by doing so, the awareness of our descendants can be raised to protect the legacy of our precedents.
In a nutshell, we can safely draw the conclusion that the simplified Chinese characters have their outstanding merits whereas I am in favor of the traditional ones.
Hopefully, it could be acquired and used by a growing population in no time domestically and internationally.
Let me show you something about my school life.I usually get up at sixo'clock.I have brackfast at home.I usually go to school by bus.The journey takes about thirty minutes.
At school, half past seven I have my first lesson.Before the class,we have tohand in our homework on time.after first lesson,we have to do some excreise.I dont like physics,because it is diffcult to me.but I like English very much.we have lunch at eleven o'clock and we have a teast after the lunch.The class is over at five o'clock pm.
Iusually do my homework and I like my school very much.What about you.
Hello, I am a student, today I will tell you my free time.
As a student I often do my homework in my home, but after my homework time, I used to help my mom's housework I usually make the bed and clean the living room, and sometime I will do the dishes, before I have lunch, I will take out the rubbish.
In the afternoon, I often go to the library, I will stay there for a long time and I forget the time is coming.
When I go back home in the evening, I will sweep the floor and have a discussion with my parents of my day life, I am so happy to spend my free time, I wish I can study hard, and get more.
Nowadays, The appearance of waste is more and more serious in university.
to.
Along with the advanced economy and living standard promoted.
The traditional virtue of conservation have been forgotten .Compared unrealistic waste in current, the appearance is particularly in campus.
For example: a lot of food is wasted in the canteen; tap always being switched on ,flowing alone; Classroom lights on all night nobody switches it off.
By and large, waste phenomena are universal in campus.
From my point of view, Creating Conservation-OrientedCampus is exceedingly important to be considered,which needs we effort together.
We can start from trifle such as : switch off the light when you leave the classroom;eat up the food in your bowel ; switch off the tap .
As we know, too much pressure makes the smartest student a fool.With the development of society, the college students are always under pressure.
Firstly, they are more easily face the pressure of learning which makes they must work very hard to get the diploma and find a good job.Secondly, it is common that the college students are also suffering from emotional confusion and crisis.
The number of college student does not how to handle these problems, and because of that, a few of students choice the wrong ways to solve his problem, which decides to suitcase himself.
Lastly, many university graduates witch comes from countryside find themselves sort of sandwiched between the urban areas and the rural areas.
Most of them do not want to go back to countryside, but they do not have the sense of belonging.
They work for longer hours with income.And college students are more vulnerable to job losses.
To start with many college students has poor psychological diathesis, most of which is under one child policy.
So they are likely to face pressure.Moreover,the pressure of learning makes them fragile, and they do not have a right way to reduce stress.In addition,due to social competition,the rate of college student employment is under decrease,it becomes more difficult to find a job or looking for an ideal job .
In view of the seriousness of the problem, effective measures should be taken.For one thing,it is high time that college student should have the function of political and ideological education,cultivating good mind for undergraduates in their employment.
For another the government should reform to solve the problem of employment.
With the development of the Internet,people can do many things by the Internet.Such as communication with many friends,going shopping and so on.
More and more people find it is convenient to go shopping on the Internet.
Some people think it takes so lower time for us that we can have more time to do other things.We can also buy some things that we like, its price is lower and its ability very well.
People don't have to waste a lot of their energy and precious time to go from one shop to another to choose the commodities they like.
However, shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages.We can't see the goods or try them on personally.
Sometimes, the real goods may not be the same as what they have seen on the computer.We may be cheated.
Once cheated, you will find that you have nowhere to go to complain.
I conside that whatever we do.We have to be careful.
Nowadays,many students take into account spell in study english .Students always believe the spell is not very improtant.
The existence of problem can be attributed to the following main reasons.Many students always listen English song and movies.
certainly, it is helpful to study English .However, hardly any students write English word and article .On the other hand, the world development very fast, electronic level good, many circumstance needless spell .
Although ,it is handly, but many students ignore the spell.
To deal with this problem successfully, we should often make exercise ,try to spell English word or compose.
Also, we can play the word games .
In the end, we study English ,spell is really improtant.
There is an old event in my mermoray,i also could remember that day although it happened five years ago.
I could remember it was a cloudy day and it also was a rainy day.I have been told to move to Beijing and leave my hometown where i have lived ten years,it was also the place where i born,grow,laugh and cry.My old school have a goodbye party for me.I couldn't say anything on the party beacuse there were only one mind:we must have a reunion one day.I just couldn't hold my tears out when i heared my friends singing goodbye songs for me.It was a most beautiful song that i have listened.When i got on the bus to Beijing i also can heard the song singsing in my mind.I think it is friendship and leave made this mermoray so important for me.
Five years past,sometimes i felt lonely and sad,there is always a song singing in my mind,this song couraged me to faced the problem.I think in the fulture there must be one day i can return my hometown and meet my friends one day.
The students' union is planning an outdoor activity and i am very glad to invite you to join us.
The activity is specially designed for students who want to get close to nature or take exercise.It also helps in communicating.The students who want to take part in the activity will get together at the school gate at 7:30.We set off at 8:00,and come back at 11:00.Our destination is Guang Ming Farm,2 kilometers away from school.
There are various things to do there ,such as planting vegetables and watering flowers.We all hope you can come and give us some instructions.Thank you very much.
As we can see in the picture.The boy wants to solve the problem about nuclear waste.In fact,he just wants to shirk his responsibility to empty the dustin.So his father told him.If he can empty,he can do anything.
In our daily life a lot of people always want to do some great things.But if a man can't do the simple thing ,he will not gain the success.People always like fancies that he is going to be famous for the world,do great.But they never put into effect.We need to know just have a dream never get anything,we just have a dream can't achieve any goal.We must do anything hard working for our goal.Do the small or simple best and then we will achieve our dream more and more close.For example we can not study in the university,we need to get a lot of knowledge in our primary school and middle school.We just get the simple knowledge the known the difficulty.
In my opinion,do small before great .Just like this wo will have a good basic get ready for our success.Don't just have a dream and ingore the small things.Do anything best you will get the success.
With the development of new technology,The life of people become more and more interesting.New technology has brought many conveniences to modern life.But there are many pubbing in social.I think we should control the time of play and work.
Today we almost have a phone,we can use it to do something in life.For instance,we can shop on line, we can contact with others, we can deal with business affairs at any time and anywhere.
In total, it makes our work and studying more effective.
Everything has pros and cons.people have new technology,they are addicted to technological devices so that ignore others' feeling and motion.It influences the relationship between people not to communication with others face to face.sometimes we can play computer games all the time.
In my opinion,we should try our best to take full advantage of the new technology to help us.And we can use it to relax.In a word,we should grasp the balance of work and relax.
In recent 10 years,the number of people in city X traveling abroad is increasing.People choose to travel abroad because of the development of the economic.What's more,nowadays,with the development of the economics,people lead a comfortable and high quality life.More and more people are willing to travel abroad with their families and friends.And,they want to visit the place of interest.
On the one hand,the increase of the number of people traveling abroad has a great effect on traveling and promote the economic's increase.On the other hand,it affects the native people's life.
In a word,nowadays,traveling abroad is more convenient than before.
And it has a lot of benefits for society's economics.
Are you free this Sunday?There will be an outdoor activity which will be held this Sunday.We plan to plant vegetables,water flowers as well as have a picnic.There is nothing to do but get close to nature.Taking exercise is also a excellent chioce in the farm.I am looking forward to that day's coming.We will get together at the school gate at 7:30.And it will last three hours from 8 o'clock to 11 o'clock.The destination is Guang Ming Farm which is 2 kilometers away far from our school.
I will appreciate it if you come.It is really worth taking part in this.Wait for your reply.
Best wishes.
Chengjiang is near Kunming.
Chengjiang has the beautiful view.
In the morning, a thin layer fog, and a part of people stay on the ship.
They live here, and fishing for living.
On the afternoon, on the lake has inverted image with trees.
At night, star is shining, moon is bright, everything is quite.
But these are 20 years ago in the Chengjiang.
With hair just touched the shoulder, beyond one's expectation, she has a big head merely stuck on the top of her antisternum.
Sure, she has no neck, as her father always ridicules.
Heavy eyebrows, long and narrow eyes upon a broad nose reduce her elliptic face to a sharp and virile shape.
Then here comes the most beautiful mouth.
It's full, red and middle-sized.
When smiles occur, two small dimples appear and make the whole vivid and pleasant.
I suppose smile makes one attractive, and she does always smile.
Living special, or make it more easy, being what it was and what it was supposed to be.
After experiencing all setbacks life dealt her and feeling shameful for the faults she have achieved, she finally found that she was born to be different and also existed for some certain reason.
What she was expected to grow to be is just herself.
She is proud and individualistic; she is utilitarian and hypocritical.
On the other hand, she is kind, merciful, and soft-hearted.
This is what she has known yet, as a future psychologist, she will find more and search deeper into the unconscious world.
Edward Twitchell Hall Jr has said something about Intercultural communication: the actual work is not to understand a foreign culture, but to understand the native culture.
And this also applies to individuals.
One evening, she had dinner at the dinning hall with me.
Suddenly, a little black dog came near.
He seems want to have something to eat.
She poured several spoons of her double-skinned milk and murmured something like "such soft and sweet substance, maybe you wouldn't like it.
After my question, she responded, "That's a really poor little thing.
After he finished the first spoon, he looked at me and staring me with his pure black and starry-eyes, like a little innocent child.
Once I said directly to her: you acted to be kind of cold blood.
Surprisingly she admitted, even she couldn't tell the reason right then.
It was at a "Comfort Meeting" and everyone present was comforting a girl who had just suffered some pains while she was also there and still sat on the chair.
She looked antsy but without any real actions.
Later, she told me that she was just unable to comfort an acquaintance.
Every coin has two sides, and so as her.
Being cold blood and warm-hearted at the same time, she seems contradictory and ambivalent.
Nevertheless I suspect she is merciful in the long run.
Being introverted and tongue-tied, she could act more natural and outgoing towards animals and innocent children.
Once she could be more confident to act like her real aspects, she could be better and neglect the barriers and have courage to advance on and on.
There is a widespread concern over whether famous people shoulder more responsibilities than ordinary people.
But it is true that famous people play an very important role in our society.
For example, Bill Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, who is one of the most famous people to promote the development of computer technology in the world.
He set up the Microsoft Company in 1975, and developed one of the most famous Microsoft products that a program called Windows.
As we all know Windows makes it much easier to use a computer.
And Bill Gates is very keen on China.
His company's new "Venus project" is a combination of software and hardware that lets VCD players and other similar display Chinese-language Internet content on an ordinary TV sets.
So he also promote our country's development of science.
This example is very convinced.
As far as I am concerned, I agree the view that famous people shoulder more responsibilities.
Nowadays,some people think though we are colleges,it is important for us to achieve high academic performance,while others don't think so.They hold out the opinion that communication ability is more important.As far as i'm concerned,both of them are important.
Although we enter universities,we are still students.As a result,we should study as hard as before.Moreover,academic performance is basic to scholarship.Besides,we must improve our knowledge to adapt the development of society.
Equally,communication ability is essential to a college.We learn knowledge in order to put into practice one day,so it is necessary for us to improve our communication ability.In addition,we should set up good relationship and make friends with more people.Last but not the least,good communication ability is beneficial to our future.
In a word,academic performance is as important as communication ability.
Many students have themselves favourite place in the school.
Likes classrooms,playgrounds and art rooms.
My favourite place is the reading room.
I like reading books very much.
After class,I go inside and pick out one of my favourite books to read for the most part.
In my opinion,reading books not only broaden my horizon,but also help me to be a better man.
It is very huge and bright.
There are lots of books for my reading.
I can get a lot of knowledge here.
I spend a lot of time to staying there.
The reading room makes me feel relaxing.
When I feel tired and unhappy,l come here for the most part.
In that place,I can forget my trouble when I read my favourite novels.
This is the best place in the school.
I want to study English for different reasons.At the beginning,I do not like studying english because it is boring.
When I hear someone speak english very well,I realize it is very interesting.I want to be one of them.Then,I really love it.The felling of chat with others make me so happy.Not only these but al se I want to help people who come from other county.
I want to wlanteer as helpng too mach old man.
I m sure gouRnow that this group was set up to help disabled people me pou helped to mqre it posslble for me to have lucky Iwant to help out as a wlunteer in your dd peoples home because I look too mach oldman cant walR or use your hands easily I will help oldman I m free to help on Friday night and the weeRends.
how's It.
You.
the Double.
Ninth.
is.
Coming.
And.
Want.
invite.
You.
to.
go.
to.
nursing.
home.
There we will make the jiaozi and play the program for the old .
You know the old often feel lonely and they need something to make them happy.
If we try our best to do something for them.
I believe the old people will feel happy The more we doing the more old people will enjoying.
Oh yeah, if we have enough time we can help the old people do some cleaning and washing their feet.
To be honest,we have a lot of time to help the old people It depend on ourself .
It can be seen from the figure,the Internet has undoubtedly provided an unequaled channel for information transmission, but at the same time it has made it much easier for lies or rumors to spread quickly and thus inflict serious harm on innocent people.
It is not easy for website managers to monitor all the postings online, but it is possible for them to seriously deal with those postings that may damage the reputation of a person, or cause economic losses to a particular business - there have been online rumors about oranges that contain a bug that may cause serious disease and watermelons injected with a red dye that seriously affected the sales of the fruit.
Website managers need to be particularly careful about such postings as they may be posted by business rivals with a view to destroying the image of a particular kind of product or food.
Those who use the Internet as a means to spread rumors with the intention to defame individuals or ruin the reputation of business rivals should never get away with their offences.
Victims of such postings should never give up their right to bring to court the perpetrators, who should be made to pay for the offences they have committed.
Due punishment of these rumormongers would deter others and send the message to all Internet users that spreading rumors on the Internet will not be condoned.
The media also need to be careful about sensational information on the Internet.
They should follow the principle that investigation must be done before repeating it.
Truthfulness should never be sacrificed to timeliness.
Thirteen March 2014.This morning,our teacher who is taught us to writing was told us played a match.Then,the teacher took out a picture about little pig.Teacher sticks the picture in the middle of the blackboard,who teacher asked us to devided into two groups,per groups gone to paint the little pig on the blackboard.we should put on the eyeshade.Every student's finished the part of the little pig.
After a while,the match was beginning,at the moment,I can't wait to draw it.That time,painting the picture one by one.When a students gone to paint,others told him the direction and how to paint it.I have noticed that some of them was very excited with laughing.There is no doubt that our teacher was also happy.
After a short while,we all finished the picture,teacher judged the two picture that what we paint.Finally,our team was won in this game,it made us to joy.
What we can from the match is that we should union and cooperation wherever we are.
When it comes to personality,I'm always considered as a mild and kind-hearted boy.I will never lose sympathy for anyone or any little animals.When the scene of people suffering the pain of war or illness flashs into my eyes,I always could not help feeling painful.In my heart,care and love will play the most important part of humen being's life forever,only with the love can people overcomeaall kinds ofdifficulties and challenges.Aside from the above,I also have the precious character of the boys-careful.I will never complete a mission unless I'm sure I've done it carefully and conscientiously.
Altogether,my personality contains a lot of good aspects.If you must find some negative points,I should say that sometimes I'm too soft on some problems.nevertheless, I think soft is not necessarily a bad thing.Love and care,which I cherish most,also comes soft.
Above all,that is my personality:mild,kind-hearted,carefull,sincere and soft.
Now,Group cooperative learning appears a new teaching way in the classes.This is a fresh thing.
So I want to have good and bad aspect.
It is a new way to allow students to study English.
Students love to try the new things.
They are absorbed in learning English.
They can study together and talk over some English questions.
It is good to improve their English level together.
Most important of all, not only do students promote their friendship, but also prove their separability.
Although this new method have good ways lot.
It also have some bad way.
For example, they often say a lot of words after they know each other during the classes.
And time goes by, they also lose them interest.
So only students follow our English teacher, it gives full scope to learn English.
When it comes to good mood,i recall a proverb from William Shakespeare: Light heart lives long.In modern society filled with tremendous pressure,keeping a good mood seems necessary and critical essential.
It's known to us all that a good mood results in a healthy life,which enables us to possess an energetic and a strong body.Nothing can be as vital as a healthy life.With a good life habit,we're allowed to enjoy everything around us such as traveling,climbing or hiking etc.That advantageous circle can be reapted and our lives,therefore,is able to live long.
There's a recent report on a magazine states that a good mood make it possible to work efficiently.A good mood,in other word,is high spirit.That power,to some extent probably maintain or stimulate our nerves.Our brain will become much clearer because of awaken nerves.Interestingly enough,a good mood brings out an optimistic attitude with which our lives can move forward in ups and downs.
To put in a nutshell,keeping a good mood can possibly fresh ourselves and let us see the bright side of one thing while the rest see the dark side.Life is short,though.Keeping a good mood makes us see more,hear more and enjoy more.It is important to keep a good mood through the journey of our lives.
To whom it may concern.
This is to certify that Miss Susan Hobson has been employed in our office as a secretary for the past two years, She has faithfully attended to her duties and has proved herself to be industrious and thoroughly.
She has a good command of English and German, and spoken language is fluent.
She is competent for an interpreter.
I want to receive your certificate.Thanks.
Winter is the cold season in the year,the day is short and short.So before winter comes,The people and the animals are very busy.Because before winter comes is the harvest season,lots of crops are mature,people are working on the farm.Some animals are look for food,winter is not lots of food and very cold.Sometimes we can see some birds.for example,the swallow will come to south .Also some animals will sleep to before winter comes.
For me,winter is good.When it snows,the ground is whiter with snow.We can wear warm clothing and go to make snowmen.
In the winter,we like to play with the snow.
The boys chase and throw snowballs to one another, and the girls make a big snowman on the square.
Skiing become a popular sport, so adults can also share the fun of the winter.
SO I Hope the winter comes faster and faster.
As we can see,in the picture,the Online Rumors just like a bomb ,everyone catched by it will be killed.The picture shows us a very difficult situation we live nowadays.
It is obviously that the Online Rumors have bad effect on ourselves.It confuses our mind,society safety and the whole world.For example,maybe a famous star is seek in the situation that someone say something bad about him .Sometimes,people just believe the Online Rumors rather than the real,because the real is not powerful enough.Or someone have bad idea to broad news,such as the salt'price is going to be increasing.Finally we find there is nothing about the price,they just paly a joke on us.
In my opinion,everyone of us should contribute to deal with the situation.As for the government,they should take strong measures to clean the Online enviornment.We need more powerful laws to protect our peasonal life.As for the ordinary man,we should try our best not to trust the Online Rumors and tell othes.If we do like that,I think there will no Online Rumors one day.
With our country's economy developing,tourism has also been developed rapidly.
People express different views about it.
Some people think that tourism can boost the economic growth.
Some of the reasons mentioned here.
First, it is useful to transport.Because, the price of the tickets would be high if many passengers buy them.Second,some restaurants have been built around the interest places.
This will promote the development of catering industry.Third,peple will stay at the hotel to have a rest,accordingly it is beneficial for accommodation.
However,the other people considerate that the increase in passengers damage the historical relics.Especially,they always touch the old buildings or take photoes of them when they watch them.
Therefore,how can we solve the problem?I think that we shall divide it into two aspects.On the one hand,we shall support the development of tourism.Because,we can enjoy ourselves with the beautiful scenery and it indeed stimulate our economy.on the another hand,we must take action to control number of tourists and protect the environment.
The woman is at the age of 47, who is no longer beautiful or youthful.
She has been called "mom" or "mother" since the day when I was born.
Mother is to me what sunshine is to flower.
And she is one of the most important persons in my whole life.
Seeing from her photos, which were taken two decades before, I always feel surprised that my mother looks quite different from what she was.
She used to be a slim, delicate young lady with white silky skin, who seemed to be a little bit serious , just like a white lotus standing a peaceful lake.
However, time and tide wait for no man.
Years have left a trail in her face.
And she fluctuated in size after my bother's birth.
Her fingers are getting tough owing to endless messy housework.
What is unchanged is the firm expressing shining in her eyes.
It tells me that she has always been believing in a bright future.
My mother is a person that put her families at the first place.
This is why she gave up her own career and stayed at home to take care of me.
And this is also the reason that my mother is always warm-hearted whenever my aunts need any help.
My eldest aunt, who is 13-year elder than my mom, is in bad health because she suffers from heart disease for overwork.
Every time she falls ill, my mother is the first one to show up and send her to hospital.
And she tries her best to contact and communicate with the doctor in the charge of my aunt.
Usually I feel very sorry when seeing the scene that my mother drags her feet back home.
Once I even told my mom that she could have not been that tired if she sat by and let my eldest brother assume the responsibility as a son.
But she refused.
Nowadays, few people attach much significance to the family like her.
And I have learnt this valuable quality from her.
Another distinguishing feature seen from my mom may shock you.
That is the coexistence with thrift and generosity.
A single income family with two children is a huge burden to my parents.
My mom has given up her interests and hobbies to save money.
What is in opposite is that she becomes incredibly generous when we need money.
She always buys high-quality clothing to me, which is much more expensive than hers.
And she has devoted much expense to our studies.
Although my brother is a lazy boy with bad grades, my mom still sent him to art class without hesitation.
That is because she wants to create more opportunities for him to enter a better university.
This is my mother.
She is one of the most common women in the world, but she is the greatest mother in my eyes.
Mom has been devoting her whole life to me and my family.
And what is one of my life goals is to keep my parents in comfort in their old age.
Although parents love their children by nature, where Chinese mothers and fathers are no exceptions.
Nowadays, parents are allowed to have only one child because of birth control.
Most of them tend to dote on their children.
They place too much hope on the treasured child.
As a result, the modern children are brought up in clover and they can not live alone.
This phenomenon is negative.
Firstly, during the traditional society,every family had several children.
And every child could not get their parents' complete love.
Especially, they must share food and love with their sisters or brothers.
However, compared with that society, the children in modern society become more and more self-centered and easily change to be angry.
Because every family has one child and parents will yield to their children if their children need something.
That may result that the children are not likely to apply to the hardships and difficulties in work and life when the children go into the real society.
Secondly, many parents consider their child as the treasured child.
Specially, they place too much hope on their treasured child.
It is common analogy that if their child wants the star, they might even climb to pick it to give their child.
Possibly it is wrong for parents to spend full attention on their children, which leads that their children could not do their things by their own.
Sometimes, when they meet some new things and problems, they may not know what they should do and how to solve them.
This is a popular phenomenon.
The last but not the least, if parents should have certain reservation in giving their love to their children, they may have the habit of relaying on parents and be not willing to accept other people's love because they feel that their parents are the best.
As far as I am concerned, on the one hand, the parents should not give full love to their parents.
They should reserve some love for themselves or others.
On the other hand, when the children grow up, the parents should let them do things and solve problems by themselves.
The home is the central focus of most young people's lives in Britain, particularly for those who are still attending school.
I'm your best friend Zhang Peng and I'm enjoying my favourite festival,Chinese Spring Festival.It's our most important holiday.It's a rare chance to let us reunite.Children like the festival very much ,because they can have delicious food and wear new clothes.They also can get some money from their parents.This money is given to the children for good luck.
Before the Spring Festival,people put up couplets on the doors.They stand for the good luck.Usually,every family tidy up their house,because they believe it can clear up the bad luck.
During the Spring Festival,all the family members get together for dinner in the New Year.In many places people like to set off firecrackers.Dumplings are the most traditional food.The Spring Festival lasts about 15days long.People visit relatives to send best wishes.People enjoy the Spring Festival,during this time they can have a good rest.
Now,I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
Reading is we acquire knowledge the major source of books .
Reading books makes our become mature , makes our progress.
Some people think that reading should have a choice , some people are supposed that read extensively is great .
In my opinion , we should according to different situations of reading selectively .
The first point , for example , I'm a learning medical student , I should read many books about medical .
Nevertheless medical books too much that I can't see out .
I can only have selective reading and reduce the burden for myself .
In addition , our time is limited and we don't have too much time spent in reading .
So we can only through selective reading to increase knowledge .
Finally , and most importantly , the knowledge that through reading extensively is extremely puzzled and forget .
Selective reading can consolidate the knowledge that we want to know .
So reading selectively is the best choice of we read .
Hello, it's my honor to introduce myself to you.
My name is P and I'm nineteen years old.
I was born in a farmer's family and grow up in a beautiful village of Jiaozuo, Henan province.
I am a little shy girl but I have broad interests like reading, playing the piano, traveling and so on.
English is the key to the world for me and I treat it as my most favorite hobby.
Although I have learned a lot of knowledge and skills but I think it's not enough.
In my spare time, I like to do anything relating to English such as listening to English songs, watching English movies or TV programs for improving my English.
My dream is to become a translator or an English professor, so I must study and read more English enlarge my knowledge.
During my collage life, I'll try my best to finish it no matter how difficult it is.
I want dream what I want to dream, go where I want to go, be what I want to be.
In a word, I want to have a good life in a future.
That's my self introduction.
If you want to know anything more about me, I'm very glad to answer whatever you ask.
The issue of whether or not stricter punishment is the only way to improve the road safeerty has been widely debated currently.On the one hand,some people hold other idea that drivers will be more carefully than before because of the strict law.
On the other hand,those who think different argue that there would have other methods to let people know the importance of driving safty.
There is no denying that punishment is the most effective way to enhance road safty.To began with,strict punishiment add more cost to drivers to against the traffic laws,so that the man-made accident will be signally cut down.In turn,stricter punishiment will raise concern about safty driving.For example,the the change of the punishiment by law about drunk drinking in China has became an alarming bell for citizen to refuse drinking before driving.
However,there aren't nothing to do expect the punishiment.The most important of all is to let people to understand the significance about safety and respect of life.Firstly,public service announcement should be increased on TV and newspaper.Secondly,warning sign should be set up around the road to remind drivers to be carefully constantlly.Besaids,sometimes soft and sincere words can be powerful than severe threaten.
Obviously,both saids have sound reasons.The question is whether we can find the balance between the two.The key of let someone to do something is to let him to realize the reason of it.
As for me,strict law is essentical but not the only way to protect people's safety.
Through reading three sentences from Paragraph 3 of the text, I understood the meaning of hero.
Firstly, a hero must be a brave person, or who can be brave enough to protect others.
Secondly, those warm-hearted people can be heroes, for they have the strength to love others, so they are always ready to help others.
Last but not least, the person who has a strong sense of responsibility can be a hero, for that he will try his best to do what he should do and what he can do.
For example, when emergencies or difficulties happen, they will give hands to others without hesitation or thinking.
As far as I am concerned, a hero is also someone you can look up to, knowing he/she will always catch you when you fall.
In other words, a hero is an everyday person who can change the world better.
Beking university is one of the most famous university in China,i'm proud of you who can study in here.Beking university is not only known for its education but also its beautiful scenery and quiet environment,you will have the best life of studying.In addition,if you live here,you will find that life is convenient and neighbourhoods are friendly.in my view,it is a good place for you to live alone and study.I think you can make many friends and won't be alone.During this time ,if you have any problems, i am glad to help you settle them.
Some people are of the opinion that it's not necessary to take on-the-job graduate program as they have a good job already.
As far as I'm concerned, I take an opposite side.
There're some reasons bellow.
First of all, the medical situation now is more and more grim and complex,and the patients'demandings are higher and higher,which requires me to get better medical education.
Through the learning, I'll gain advanced knowledge and skills.I think the more knowledge and skills I acquire, the better the patients can be served.
Secondly,taking on -the-job graduate program gives me a chance to obtain a master's degree,which is necessary for me to get a promotion.If I get it, I can do a more satisfactory work, move up to a higher position, even jump ship to a more attractive hospital.
I think both of them sound good.I shall never spare myself.
College life is like a necessity of one's whole life.
It doesn't mean that one cannot succeed without college certificate.
Properly speaking, it is quite an essential and wonderful period which may change one's life.
When I first came to college, I was still like a middle school student, dull, dependent and conformist.
None of the evidences concerning confidence, independent personality, bravery and ideal can be really founded in me.
However, after two years' college life, I grow up insensibly.
I am grateful to the college for developing my awareness of life values, personhood and ego identity.
As English-major students, we are required to give various presentations regularly such as individual presentation, one-minute speech and group presentation.
In the beginning, I was as timid as a hare.
My face would soon turn red immediately I opened my mouth.
Then I would speak faster and faster, unconsciously.
There was no time for me to consider if my classmates understood my presentation or the effect of it.
After that, I began to write the draft carefully and revised, using lucid words instead of directly downloading paragraphs full of technical terms.
Before I gave my presentation, I would have practiced several times in my room until I got fully prepared.
Now I am confident of getting my ideas across and performing well.
I become braver and stronger.
In addition, some college activities out of class have helped me a lot.
I was honored that I could work in the student union of our department during sophomore.
I took the responsibility of organizing physical and entertainment activities with my colleagues.
I knew nothing at first.
I didn't know how to make a plan, how to allocate the work or how to make it into reality.
I learned to study some plans designed by seniors especially the structure and write some small ones on my own.
My colleagues and seniors pointed out every mistake and helped me to correct patiently when I asked for advice.
So far, I have helped to hold two big activities successfully.
I really benefit a lot.
The work helped me find my interest and awakened me who I want to be.
I will never be gentlewomanly and obedient.
Compared with study and work, the college culture impresses me most--the freedom, the passion, the challenges and some advanced life ideals.
Some guys went hiking and had long trips all by themselves.
A senior even travelled from Beijing to Tibet by hitchhiking.
I was inspired deeply.
This summer I also had a long trip with my friends which was filled with joys and sorrows.
I know it was just a start--the start of a real trip.
I yearn for such kind of life as the sea welcoming wind and storm, not because I am young now.
Actually the majority are shuttling back and forth between company and home, they seldom can spare some time to think where is their destination.
Day after day, their edges will be rubbed down by the society--they forget their original dreams and lose themselves.
This is not what I want.
Therefore, I'm now trying to prepare for a different life, for a higher ideal--to change the fickle situation.
After reading the story of tiger mother, i feel greatful to you ,my mother.Above all,i am in favor of the method of teaching me.
Maybe,the tiger mother had succeed in training her children in some ways.However,Many parents will not agree with her,such as you.You always play with me ,which made me quite happy.What 'more,My father and you often accompany with me .When i encountered difficulties in homework,you would teach me patiently and correctly.
get high marks.
In a word,differdnt mothers have different teaching ways.Only taking appropriate ways our can our children have a good development.
I meet many people during growing up ,including my father and mother.Though my mother is kind and the time I stay with my mother is moer than that with father ,I love my father most.
He is not thoughtful but patient.Since I am young ,he is strict with me in life and study .As a man of family he should earn money to support it.Then he works hard .
Coldly.
Also , he teachs me how to get along with others politely.
He can point out my mistakes and dress down me.
Maybe as the ways he teachs me ,I change into independent.
I never say'I LOVE YOU ' to him .
I understand his heart as I growing.He not only shows strict but also love to me.
It is my father that helps me grow up.Today I will say :Father ,I love you!
Nowadays, as the internet more and more popular, online shopping becomes a fashion among all the people.
Go shopping online is convenient for us , on the one hand, if we want to buy something but don't intend to go out, we can finish it online easily.
On the other hand , online shopping provide more choose for us.
However, as a popular saying goes , every coin has two sides.
The same as the online shopping.
Although it is good for us, many problems come with online shopping.
Such as the size may be not fit you body, and the color might be different from the photos on computer.
When we get the goods, we may not so satisfied with it, so it will be cause some waste .
My suggestion is that we should have the right attitude on it, online shopping don't fit all the goods, so some we should buy it in the supermarket.
Learning how to choose the items, and become outstanding consumers.
Different people have different opinions, some people think that Group cooperative is very good, they think it not only can learn more knowledge, but also can increase the friendship between classmates.
When we face the different problems team members can discuss each other.
It is good to improve the learning efficiency .
At the same time, the classmates can learn each other and increase their friendship.
On the contrary, other people against it, they think it is good for a few, but for most people, this is just chat, play opportunities.
Do not go to learn.
At the same time, Grouping wastes a lot of time to study.
In my opinion, Group Cooperative Learning is very good, but it needs the teacher make good plan and strict supervision.
I believe that when we do it well.
It must help more students get good rads.
It is known to us all that December 5th is International Volunteer Day.
Nowadays, volunteering spirit influences Chinese people's daily life, an increasing number of people join the volunteer work.
It is reported that volunteers help others in need without any return.
The benefits of volunteering lie in the following aspects.
First of all, no matter how volunteer work we do, we can get a special happiness after helping others, including both people and nature, I also remember that day I went to a lonely people's house.
I talked with her,and cleaned her house,finally I saw the smile in her face.
Her smile warmed my heart, a great happiness from the bottom of my heart throughout my body.
Secondly, serving as a volunteer we could get more experiences.
I help people in need, such as teach children,bring warm to lonely people and take care of blood donors.
Because of an accident of myself, I am interested in blood.
As a volunteer, I have been to The Blood Centre.
By the introduction of staff, I acquire some knowledge of blood I have never known before.
At the same time, I show my respect to these unknown heroes.
To work with staff, we will be exposed to a new environment.
For example, I take care of a blood donor, I should know the type of his blood, and take the right steps to him.
Last but not least, through volunteering we can communicate with different kinds of people.
By participating, we can learn how to work well Ina team, how to improve organization abilities.
Undoubtedly, all of these are based on communication.
I should find a suitable way to communicate with my partner, and people in need.
When I talk with them, I'm afraid of hurting them.
All in all, communicating skill will be improved.
In a word, volunteering has brought many benefits to ourselves and our society.
Therefore, let us enjoy the time when we are serving as a volunteer.
Everyone may have experience of stay at home alone while parents go out,and so am I.
In my opinion,I can look after myself,although it is difficult for me.
For the first time,I stayed at home gladly by myself.
I can cook meals that why I was very happy on my own.
I read some books on my own and went home to the students to play.
What's more,I sweep the floor every day.
In the next few days,I thought a lot of memories about my families in my brain.
In a couple of weeks,I was very happy to see my parents again.
As a result, my tears flow through my face.I didn't realize how important my parents were until I on my own.My parents surprised that I looked after myself so well.
Nothing is impossible if you try your best.
The truth lies in the hand of a few.Nevertheless,under the institution of democracy,government tend to focus on the voice from the majority,while neglecting the rights of the minorities.Sometimes,this ignorance can lead to terrible consequences.People tend to pass the acts that most sign their name on;however,advice given from the minorities will not be taken seriously.
The day before the Civi War can be a torture for the black in America.For the great benefits brought from laboring the black,the white force the government reluctantly to legitimize the slaves in America.This leads the black into the catastrophic lives where they are separated from their family,forced to finish the arduous laboring work and worked all day long under the tough environment until the day they died.After undergoing the terrible times,they struggled,strove, fought for their rights.Having endured the bloody and cost-consuming war,the black pay the extremely high price to carry on the Emancipation Proclamation eventually.In the process of going all out of freedom,majority rule can totally go wrong.
Even in today,majority rule tends to be an unfair judge.In the American president election 2000,the final result of voting for Al Gore turned out to be that George Bush became the president of America.This was that so-called "majority"makes the election unexpected.From the institution of election,the real"official majority"was surpassed totally.
In the today's prevalent TV program show,The Oprah Winfrey Show probably enjoys the greatest reputation among all the American audiences.What makes this show success is what makes it distinctly unique.This Talk has never been fooled by the wrong guides of majority for it implements inviting the ordinary people as the distinguished guests rather those with reputes and focusing on the personal daily-life-topics.At first,a majority of people held reserved or even passive attitudes towards the prospects of this program.However,Oprah Winfrey insisted stubbornly to this unprecedented reform on the talk show.It is exactly these great and bold inaugurations that draw a great attention to this show.
The results of totally listening to the voices from majority usually create tension or even worse.Failure provides us with a brand new viewpoint to look upon the past experience and revalue things through a different position.
Nowadays,Network Real-name System was throw into the flow of discussing.Actually Network Real-name System is the reflection of Rights and obligations,let peopel think highly of what they do on internet .
However,evey coin has two sides .NRS can purificate internet environment and increase peopel's consciousness of rights and obligation.
My mother is my hero.
She was born in Beijing.
She helps me lot of when I was difficult.
She was very kind and helpful.
She was very strict with me in my opinion.
We often talk each other after dinner every day.
She often takes me to go to the park on weekends.
I really understand why my mother is strict with me.
My mother is good to me.
I think I was lucky.
I am very grateful to her,thank for her all the time to my care and help.
She is very brave and responsible.
She is not only caring for me,but also looking after of my family.
She is glad to do this and never complain.
My mother is the hero in my mind.
I want to be a person like him when I grow up.
As is vividly shown in the picture, a boy with smile gives his pupil 100 yuan to make friend, which expresses a little friendship.
A girl, his pupil, who accepts it happily.
On the one hand, friendship is a very important human relationship and everyone need good friends who can bring us warmness, support and strength, make us feel the beauty of life.
On the other hand, no matter when you are happy or sad, it can accompany you laugh or cry together, let you feel you are not alone.
In my opinions, in order to keep friendship I chat with them twice a months on the Internet, avoiding making us strange because of the time.
Sometimes I also meet with them.
Friendship without purpose, friendship will be forever.
We all study different language since we see our word.The first language we study is our country' language,we study this language from our parents when we were kids.Then we go to school,we study many more difficult language.We maybe like or dislike but we must study.When I study English I like it very much at first.But I study a long time later,I feel extremely bored about it.So I feel sleepy when my English teacher giving a class.It results in my English so bad.When I see the people who can speak English fluently,I wish I can speak English like them.So I study harder than before.
The way of my study is reciting English words and talking to my friends with English.
I also listening to English music and reading english books.Gradually,I find that it is interesting when I learned English.From this I think we should study hard instead of giving up learning language.As the saying goes,I believe I can do.
The excessive use of cellphones is harmful to the body.
eyesight.
Yong students overuse cellphones and they reduce their physical activity and result in lack of outdoor activities.
Lack of physical activities is bound to give health problems later.
It is universally acknowledged that cellphones radiation on our body is harmful.
The excessive use of mobile phone can affect learning.
For young students, cellphones come in handy for playing games, listening to music, surfing the net keeping socially active, taking photos.
Students place more emphasises on the cell phones also exerts negative impacts on their lives in the school.
Due to playing with cellphones,students don't pay attention to the teacher in the class.
Then they can't get high scores.
Some students can't live without cellphones.
Not only the time for eating but also when on the way to the class,they play with the cellphones.
Yong students have less communication with their friends especially their parents.
They live in virtual world.
They chat with their own friends who they may be not seen.
Lots of young students have been cheated.
Flexible working hours were invented in Germany in the late 1960s, but reached Britain only in 1972.
The system allows workers to start and finish work whenever they want, with only two requirements.
Firstly , all workers must be present for certain "key" time in a day, and secondly, all workers must work an agreed total number of hours per week.
In my college, there is an electronic system to evaluate our teachers before we select the next term's curricular.
It must be done, or we can not elect any classes.
In my opinion, it is necessary for students to do so for the following reasons.
First of all, teacher can constantly improve their ways of teaching.
After students offering an opinion to their teachers, the teachers can better known how to adjust the teaching plan and in which kind of style to teach.
It is both good for teachers and students.
For the former, they can prepare more satisfing lessons.
At the same time, the latter can acquire more knowledge they need and like.
The efficiency of study can obviously be raised.
Secondly, the teachers can seriously do their work.
There may be some teachers want to loaf on the job so the students can not learn the important skills such as interpreting, translating and the like.
From this phenomenon, we can know that students" lost many precious things.
For the sake of gaining what students should own, it is necessary to evaluate their teachers and tell the teachers' higher-authorities about this disgusting behavior.
The teachers can finish their work according to this evaluation.
Finally, it is convenient for leaders to manage the whole university.
The managers may be cheated by someone, but if they can directly get information, which they acquire, is the truth, because it is to do with the students' benefit.
Moreover, they can make school more reputable.
All of us can get the benefit and the school can develop smoothly.
All in all, let us evaluate the teachers seriously and fairly.
This is a good choice.
Please take part in this happy family and create a better life in person.
I am L.The reason why I write to you is that I hope you can participate in an activity together with us.We plan to spend the Double Ninth Festival with the old men from nuring house so that we can make them feel warm.I think it is a very meaningful event and we invite you to join it as well.Would you like to?We are going to set off at 8:00 am on Saturday morning and assembled in the school gate.We will come back at about 4:00 pm.In nursing house,we will make dumplings for old men and eat together.In addition,we intend to give them some performances to make them happy.These are our plans.If you agree to attend the event together with us,please write to me.
Looking forward to your reply.
Nowadays, more and more students have holiday syndrome of the beginning school.
On the one hand, the main reasons that students not have some good habits.
For example, they often staying up at night, playing computer games.
On the other hand, some students have to do farm works or gathering with their friends and classmates.
So much influence that students cannot focus on their study.
It's my pleasure sharing my advice with your.
As far as I am concerned, students should learn how to balance their works and entertainment.
Of course, we cannot emphasize the importance of working too much.
Besides, it is important that we should increase our reading.
At last but not the least, we'd better leave away lazy and negative.
Only in this way can we have a happy and sunshine life.
There is not having holiday syndrome.
As the saying goes"life is only once , and time will not flow back" .
So if you have efficient life you will say good bye to holiday syndrome.
My favourite animal is turtle.
Because it's small and lovely.
It's green.
It has four shorts legs, a short tail and a strong shell.
It eats fish, but doesn't eat grass.
It crawls very slowly but swims very fast in the water.
It eats fish but doesn't eat grass.
It lives in the water.
I like turtles very much.
The Youth Olympic Games will be held in Nanjing in 2014.
It is one of the world's most important compertitions.
Nanjing is developing faster and faster .
we should pay more attention to Nanjing's environment .
As a teenager,we should do more exercise because health is the most important for our bodies.
We should learn English well so that we can become a volunteer.
Be a volunteer,helping many people who with different cultures.The YOG is spread culture of sports,I will tell my mates and become a group of volunteer to the YOG.Spread the sports culture and local culture to the guests.I think it is a good idea for us to show the sence of Chinese people.
Youth is a specially designed for the establishment of the sports events, the youth sports education, soft and cultural fields, and the content of these areas will promote the common development with the Olympic Games and plays a role of catalysts.
As a whole,I hope the Youth Olympic Games will be successful.
Now I setting my own views.
Firstly,as a student,learning is the most crucial thing,so,students should pay all their strength to study.The value of students is the grades,but pet animal may disperse the attention of students.
Secondly,animal will lose their feather,and animal will influence the others rest,No matter what time they always shout.
Once upon a time, there was a fourteen-year-old girl Mary, which loved her hair a lot.
However, she began to lose her hair without reasons, which made her feel unhappy and inferiority.
She then tried many medicines, but still failed to plant her hair.
Mary thought it over and over.
One night, she was having a magical dream.
A man came to Mary and showed her some plants.
He said, and left with a smile.
On the next day, she found the plant was just on her bed and she tried it happily at once.
As the man said, Mary's hair grew much faster than before.
She was pretty surprised and cheerful.
She just did what she thought.
In the end, she became rich and never felt worry about her hair again.
In recent years, food safety is a concern.
Problem foods after another, like waste oil, contaminated milk, contaminated with pesticides.
Food safety issues to the community and people has a lot of adverse effects.
Because of illegal cooking oil, people dared not go to a restaurant for dinner, the hotel has a great loss.
For the safety of the child, the parents not to buy the domestic milk powder, not only increases the burden on parents, but also damage the interests of domestic enterprises.
The reason for all this is thetainted milk.
First of all, the community should step up publicity, so that people can fully understand the food safety issues, and allow people to be vigilant.
Secondly, people should learn how to identify safe food.
I'm L from Senior Three.
In order to create a green campus, l'd like to share my ideas.
And l hope that everyone can do his or her bit.
First of all, we should know the importance of a green campus.
For students, we can enjoy the green plants around us and have a good mood.
It also does good to the air quality.
For the school, it is a part of creating the harmonious atmosphere in campus.
Therefore, everyone of us shall have the obligation of preserving the environment in campus and saving energy at school.
Many measures can be taken to create a green campus.
First, we should have an environmental conscience.
We can plant trees and flowers at some suitable place to make the environment more agreeable.
What's more,we must save water and electricity.
It is a way to save resource for today and tomorrow.
In brief, we should realize the significance of this activity and try every means in our reach.
Only when everyone spares no effort to do these methods can we obtain a green campus.
That's all.
Thank you.
In this picture,we could see a dad and a son are talking about something.The son is worried about the nuclear waste.Neverless,his father telling him to empty his dustbin first.
We first feel this picture is a little funny,then we could find out the moral from this picture.Most of the people usually think more than we could do by ourselves.But after we have thought,would we really do it by ourselves?Just like the boy in the picture,we just thinking about the things beyond our ability could do.So,someone should tell us what we should do first,not just thinking boundless things,just like the dad in the picture.He told him to empty the dustbin first.
So,if we want to do something great,we should first do the things that in our abilities.
The report said that the government decided to ban smoking in the social area in China in 1th January 2011.
It will paste the signal of banning smoking in order to keep the social area from non-smoking.
Actually, it is about 3.5millions people have being smoking and about 75% of them are male, the others are female.
More seriously, out 4.5millions people are influenced by the second-hand smoke well as more than 100 thousands people died for it every year.
So that we should try our best to ban smoking.
Succeeding in language learning was one of the most difficult thing in my study-life.Hard as it was,I have never said ''give up''.Consequently I think that it was well worth the effort.
I clearly remembered my experiences about studying language.In order to learn the new language,I got up early,and made a lot of practise.
In the morning, I carried a dictionary,a notebook in order to remember the words and grammars, so I value the every chance that meet the standards of the course,and finish assignments in carefully.
In the end, I had finally reaped the benefits of all my hard work,and I am filled with confidence in daily-life.
One year ago, I am a student of grade three.
In the June, we will senior high school entrance examination, so I'm very nervous.
At they time in my middle school I was going to have ten classes, from seven o'clock to nineteen o'clock.
So it's been more than two months.
Finally, the exam the day before, in the night I very nervous, so I basic sleep.
The three nights of the exam, I basically can not sleep, because I'm so excited, year of efforts, the success of failure of this.
Maybe I didn't sleep well, so the result is not ideal, but this exam it still impressed for me.
Nowadays, our country is becoming more and more globalization and modernization.
But it is suffering from a huge trouble in waste sorting.
Many people don't know that raise environmental awareness among the general public.
So that our environment becomes environmental degradation and all kinds of garbage.
It's harmful to health and living environment deeper and deeper.
First of all, we should study landscape design for environmental purposes.
As we know, a good environment makes us relaxed.
There are many things which can be used again in waste sorting.
It is a good way to save resources.
Secondly, much garbage can not recycle, for example, white pollute and global.
It has a bad influence on the soil or crop.
It can take out many things which can be recovered as well as the things not easy to recycle and waste will be continuously decreasing.
In brief, waste sorting is so important and meaningful way to improve the environment.
To sum, we should turn the country green and raise environmental awareness among the general public.
If everyone has a good behavior to protect our environment.
I believe that our environment will be more better.
With the fast development of our economy and built industries,air pollution is becoming more and more challenging for us to deal with it.
There are lots of example to show how severe the air pollution is.
What we can see first is the sky have changed blue for dark,it seems impossible for previous people.
And then,lots of factory waste gas was exhausted into the air,which will cause very severe result such as the acid rain that caused by emission of poisonous air.
Bcause of the severe air pollution,we must fight against air pollution together.
Firstly,we must not only make the small and polluted factories close down,but also make other factories less polluted.
Secondly,the factory should develop advanced technology to decrease the emission of polluted gas.
For these measures or more,we can decrease air pollution day by day.
We will have a clean environment if we all contribute to fighting against air pollution.
we live in a modern life,many fashion things have sprung up.For example,3G mobile phone,e-car,e-bike ande-book.E-book is the perfect result of the development of technology.As a burgeoning thing,e-book must endure many challenges from the public.
There are several advantages of e-books, but in general,they may come down to four major ones.In the first place,it is convenient to use e-books.What you need to do is touching the screen to control it.In addition,the content of e-books can be revised again and again.Because e-book itself can be linked with computers.With the development of Internet,lots of e-books can be downloaded from the Internet.As a result,there is need to pay for the e-books.You only lose little money for the Internet fee.Compared with commom books,e-books are very cheap.What's more,anthor advantage of e-books is carrying easily.Common books made of paper are very heavy.E-books composed by high technology are light and thin.It's easy for you to take e-books wherever you go and whenever you want.Last but not least,there are large amount of room to storage information.This is what common books cannot practise.
As the old saying goes,every coin has two sides.Many people criticize e-books,they may raise the following reasons.Firstly,owing to being revised easily,we have difficulty to storage information forever.Furthermore,reading e-books for a long time does harm to our eyesight.
There is a long-running debate as to whether e-books are good for us.As far as I'm concerned,I completely support to spread e-books.E-books are pregnant with our developing times,they have reasons to survive.It's necessary that effective steps be taken to improve the disadvantages.We hope that e-books can be accepted by everyone.
In this year,I successful across the high school came to the university campus.
College life compared with high school life, more freedom and less nervous.
Courses is much smaller than the high school every day.
In this year,I'm the most unforgettable I know my name on the list.When the exam results didn't come out,I also every day spend in tension and upset.
Luckily, I'm admitted to this school.
After I see the results of that night,I didn't sleep all night.
May be my heart of stone finally fell to the ground,may be I am too happy.
The next morning I sleep on the desk in school.
From that day after, my high school life is over.
After experencing the entrance exam in June.
I was admitted to the YingKou Institute of science and technology.In college life,i feel that i can not spend timeon the Internet,playing games and to learn, improve their own quality.
play tennis go to the library to cultivate their sentiments to do something meaningful.College life is a very important period of time, I will cherish this time, to do their own favorite things to their own good.And I also want to Study hard, must not fail, to four more to study hard to study.
I believe my college life will be wonderful.
Dear Mrs. Sally, as we all know, writing has become an essential part in our language learning, especially for us English major students.
When it comes to the objective of English writhing course during junior year, I think it's necessary to equip some fundamental knowledge for my academic paper.
To be specifically, I expect that I can grasp some methods and skills that are closely related to our job application and some kinds of useful letter in unit1.
Secondly, I hope I will get some excellent ideas about TEM-8 writing skills and rules from our teacher, which is extremely significant for English-majors.
Besides, I want to know some basic rules and format of enquiring letter in unit2.
In addition, I'm unfamiliar with graph description, so I'm eager to master some skills of graph description in unit3.
What's more, a fantastic article or academic paper can't do without correct grammar knowledge, rich content and authentic language.
Therefore, I believe that it is indispensable for us to study grammar focus and sentence patterns in Unit4.
As for the suggestion for each unit of English writing course during this semester, in my view, no matter what kind of knowledge we learn, the positive attitude is a must.
Therefore, I suggest teacher can concentrate more on the efficiency and quality of each unit, and by the way, I hope teacher can keep the atmosphere active in class appropriately.
As for class activity, I propose that we organize some group discussions and watch some English videos.
According to these videos, we can check what ideas and key points that students have got, and then discuss.
I think it may be a feasible suggestion to improve students' involvement in class.
As to my plan of this course, I'd better read more books to enrich my knowledge and broaden my horizon so that I will come up with original opinions in my composition.
When it comes to the topic that how to make friends,different people will offer different ideas.Some people maintain the perspective that the more friends they make,the more benefits it will bring.They like making friends with different people,and hold a wide interpersonal relationship,which may be the great pride of them.
On the other hand,there are some people argue that friends should be chosen carefully,in an age of knowledge updating and information explosion,finding a truly friendship is becoming harder and harder in current society,they seldom have a respectively chance to know the people around them for their caution in making friends,which leads to the small number of their friends.
As far as I am concerned,there are some elements of truth in both these view.On the one hand,we shouldn't long on quantity but short on quality,true friends should be the person who can be the shoulder when you are in sorrow,and be a harbour when you are in difficulities.We should be aware of the necessity of making true friends carefully.On the other hand,we need not only true friends but also ordinary friends,after all,there are not so large space in our heart to put so many true friends,and there are not many people who can meet our demands of true friends as well.To sum up,we should hold different attitude towards different friendship,faced with the confused interpersonal relationship,valuing the precious friendship plays a significant role in our life.
Nowadays,a majority of students are crazy about the romance.The shallow of romance seeking exists everywhere.But when it comes to the phenomenon about the shallow of romance seeking.People from different culture background hold various attitudes toward it.
As far as I am concerned,benefiting from pursuing romance is possible if controlled within a reasonable and sensible range.There are mainly two reasons.On the one hand,it can help to strengthen the relationship between lover,which can make students more confident and less anxious.On the other hand,students can build up the ability to deal with problems.
However,we can not waste too much time which is meant for stud in pursuing romance,because what is the most important for students is study.We are supposed to pursue romance at spare time unless there is really a good opportunity to pursue romance.
Nowadays,it is low-carbon lifestyle which is leading our lifestyle.
This kind of lifestyle means lots of things,such as walking or taking a bus instead of driving to work.In a way,reducing waste is a form of low-carbon lifestyle.It is an idea instead of several behaviors,so what we can say is endless.
But to us,college students,what on earth should we do must be made clear,although you haven't formed such an idea.My advice is saving electricity,choosing a bus when you want to take a taxi,which is small but necessary.
It's no double that there are some love around everyone.So do I.
My mother cares me well to show that she loves me.My friends understand me and help me.It means they love me as well.
When I get love from them, I seem to become the happiest person all over the world.As a return.I'm going to show my love to others.
If someone is in trouble,I'll try my best to help them.
Besides,I'll learn how to understand others.Let's take action to share our love so that the world will be more wonderful.
Nowadays,some people do not understand that they should not kill animals according to their wishes.So they kill more and more animals.But why?I think the fundamentle is the commercial benefits.They want to make more and more money.They want to live a luxurious life.But I think this kind of act disobey the morality.
Animals and humans are both living on the earth.We share the sources together.I believe if there is no animal,we should not live happily and we must feel lonely.In the ancient,our ancestors kill animals to obtain the economic benefits.In fact,the ancient people realized the environment is more and more important to us.That time,they have come up with the harmony between animals and people.But,as time go,we are still not realize this dream.In the mordern age,people are on business.businessmen kill many animals to get more and more money.The bodies of animals are very valuable.They hope they can have money through this way.I think this is illegal business.So the advetisement says No business,no killing is very essential to us,especially to the people who are killing animals crazily.We are warned by the advertisement.We realized the original idea of the advertisement.Killing animals is caused by the human greed.The act of killing animals is not good.We must be suffered punishment for the act of killing,so no business ni killing.People endless business is a big wrong thing.Animals are lives,they also need equal treatment.In this way,we can live on the earth happily.I think we should plan a principle which can control the illegal actions,or we can control each other.As a college student,I think I should propose this idea-no business,no killing.We live on the earth with animals,so we have ability to protect animals from killing and we should keep a comfortable environment.
Animals are lovely,they need us and we need them,too.
I'm L, chairman of the School Union, looking forward to seeing you during our outdoor activity in G Farm.
In order to get close to nature, as well as to take social exercise, all Senior students without exception are invited to the activity.
We will get together at the school gate at 7:30 Sunday while we leave for the destination-G Farm which is two kilometres away-half an hour later.
We will practise planting vegetables first, and then water flowers there.
Having finished these labour, we're going to have a picnic for a rest.
After the Potato-Picking is the time to return.
The tiring but delighting morning will come to an end at 11:00.
The School Union has prepared for the activity for 2 weeks so as to guarantee the safety.
In a nutshell, it must be a delightful trip.
Mr. Ba Jin said:"Parents are not what can be replaced.
"Love is the mother's life work,the mother of the sons and daughters of toil is no consideration.Mother's love is like a vast ocean,in the ocean,surfinelusive all.
Mom, I love you......
Nowadays,there is a lot of books in our market.So it is important to choose what should we college stndents read.
You can read what what you want to read.because the interests are the best teachers.As to myself I prefer literature,so I read a small quantities of Famous works.And then,the books which your parents and teachers recommend to you are useful as well.Last week a friend of mine introduced a book named Who Moved My Cheese to me .It is an significant book just like a wise man .After reading,I grasped we should be flexible .You can't read books involve in violence or something negative for that is harmful to you.
As the saying goes"Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
"Reading is the soul of our life in some way as a result selecting right books seems important.
As everyone knows , people in modern society are becoming more and more busy , and they even have little time to take care of their lifestyle .
That will cause a lot of problems ,such as health problem.
Now let's have a short discussion about the relationship between lifestyle and health .
Obviously people who have an unhealthy lifestyle are possible to get health problem .
For example , some ailments like obesity and heart disease have an intense correlation with the sedentary lifestyle .
Studys done by American scientists tells us an undeniable fact that healthy lifestyle leads to strong body .
People who often participate in exercise are more likely to live longer than other sedentary ones.
To keep a healthy lifestyle , we should do a lot of thing .
First , we should take our breakfast on time .
A moderate diet can help you built a healthy lifestyle easilily .
Second , do some physical activity as possile as you can .
You can walk to the office instead of driving a car .
Finally , be happy .
Keep a smile on your face can make you happy all day .
possible .
With the development of the technology,the network is already the tenements in our daily life.It cannot be denied that the network convenient for our life greatly.We can work,study and entertain online.But is it wise to make friends online?
In my view,I think it has a double-edged advantage and disadvantage.On the one hand,for example,before a student enrolls in the college,she can make some friends online who may help them better to know the new school and the new college life.So she can make a good preparation for her college life.If a man wants to travel,he also can make friends online who are called 'travelers'.Those people who are called travelers can travel together and have the same interest.On the travelling,they could look after each other.
On the other hand,it also has the disadvantage.After all,the network is a fictitious world,and the things are all fictive.So whoever you are,you must be careful when you make friends online.Every year there are many people were tricked into money even feelings because of making friends careless online.Especially young students,making friends online not only hit them but also delay their study.
All in all,if someone can make friends online carefully,she is wise.
For the past few years,the problem of domestic food safety make everybody worried.Such as illegal cooking oil,tainted milk,chemical additives and pesticide pollution.These problems have already became a social problem.
People always worry about some un-safety food let them be illness or discomfort.As the same time,chemical additives and pesticide pollution also cause environmental pollution.
As far as I am concerned we can improve our realization of safety food in the following aspects.First, we should learn the safety of food's knowledge from books and newspapers regular.
Second,we ought to have meal in the standard, clean restaurant.Third,the government should strengthen remediation effort to ensure food safety.
Being conventional,authentic and historic,classics play an important role in our daily life,which attract an increasing number of people.Nevertheless,some people hold the opinion that new things have already a preponderance over the classics.In this condition,classics should be discarded from now on.However,Would classics should be abandoned perfunctorily?I beg not.
As the treasure of the world,history is being highly focused.For one thing,it has experienced the whole history with generations.Therefore,a great many of useful experiences can be brought to us freely.Thanks to classics,we haven't had to make a mistake in order to find our disadvantages.We can directly get the appropriate method by reviewing the history.For instance,nowadays in China,on account of referring the previous experiences and the classics,all aspects are getting more and more prosperous.But if we go backwards 30 years,50 years or more,because of the lack of the method of constructing a country,the government faced lots of barriers.So old things can pave the way for new things.For another,classics represent the highest level in the ancient period.Many thoughts and comprehensions appeared at this moment,which even would not appear again.Just like the pyramid in Egypt.Even nobody knows precisely how to construct the pyramid by hand works till now.If only we could have the related books or references!Apart from this,a large number of ancient philosophies and thinkers also leave us precious ideas and opinions,like confucius,who has written Analects of Confucius,lead uncountable numbers of chinese to the ideal world.
Therefore,classics are significant to the whole world in all aspects.However,is it appropriate to accept all of the classics?In my opinion,the judgement should not be made too arbitrarily.The ancient people are not gods.Just like the ordinary people,they would also make mistakes,which need us to check and correct carefully.Besides,limited by the historical background,their thoughts may not be used properly.For example,the preference of boys to girls in ancient China and many other places in the world forced women to receive the unfair treatment for centuries,which is seriously condemned at present.So we are supposed to change the ancient things to what we need.
In conclusion,As what have been mentioned above,we need to discard the dross and select the essence.Only in this way can we get the maximum profits.
Chinese New Year is an important traditional Chinese holiday celebrated at the turn of the Chinese calendar.In China,it is also known as the Spring Festival.Chinese New Year celebrations traditionally run from Chinese New Year's Eve,the last day of the last month of the Chinese calendar,to the Lantern Festival on the 15th day of the first month,making the festival the longest in the Chinese canlendar.
Chinese New Year is celebrated in countries and territories with significant Chinese populations,including Mainland China,Hongkong,Macau,Taiwan,Singapore,Thailand,Indonesia,Malaysia,Philippinee,and also in Chinatowns elsewhere.Chinese New Year is considered a major holiday for the Chinese.
According to tales and legends,the beginning of the Chinese New Year started with a mythical beast called Nian.Nian would come on the first day of New Year to eat livestock,crops and even villagers,especially children.To protect themselves,the villagers would put food in front of their doors at the beginning of every year.It was believed that after the Nian ate the food they prepared,it wouldn't attack any more people.One day a villager decided to get revenge of the Nian.A god visited him and told him to put red paper on his house and to light fireworks.The villager then understood that the Nian was afraid of the colour red.When the New Year was about to come,the villagers would hang red lanterns and red spring scrolls on windows and doors.People also use fireworks to frighten away the Nian.From then on,Nian never came to the village again.
There is also a series of tradition durong Chinese New Year.Every family should clean the house ,in order to sweep away ang bad luck to make way for good incoming luck.Windows and doors will be decerated with the red colour paper-cut and couplets with popular themes of"good fortune""haooiness""wealth"and"longevity".It is also traditional to give money in red paper envelopes to younger generations.
Everyone longs for a happy life in the next year.
The booming of internet during the last decade has witnessed online shopping's popularity among developed areas, nevertheless, some people are still challenging its feasibility.
The convenience of buying things online is universally acknowleged considering the numerous online buyers.
It's believed that compared with choosing commodities from real shops, which demands long time and endurance of awful transportation sometimes, shopping on net has extremely obvious merits and that driven by the significance of customers' defaults, including brilliant ones, buyers are provided with patient descriptions.
Due to the advantages, shops as Taobao build their reputation among the youngsters undoubtedly.
On the other hand, in spite of online shops' benefits, the security is questioned consistently in regard of the scarcity of guarantee.
To be specific, only by browsing on your screen, hardly can you distinguish the bad ones not to mentioning the raw materials.
In conclusion, picking objects by your fingers is extraordinarily attractive, notwithstanding, we ought to be careful before considering buying on the net.
In recent years, with the advance of urbanization and booming of economy, a large number of people migrate into cities in order to get good jobs, and it is inevitable that they need numerous room to live.
Some people claim that they should buy an apartment in the city, and this may integrate into the modern urban life.
However, for the younger and the low-income people buying a house is a huge burden, and rent room is a wise choice in the current.
So quite a few people are in favor of rent room.
As for me, I think that we should rent a room to live in beginning of work, and buy an apartment when we have enough money in the further.
There is no doubt that it is a growing tendency nowadays that people in mounting numbers show great enthusiast for square dancing.
As a result, media outlets have report many confrontations between people practicing square dancing and neighborhood residents.
As we know that there are so many reason for that people in mounting numbers enjoy to practice square dancing.
First of all, it goes without saying that if you want to be happy, you should run; if you want to be heath, you need to run; if you want to be smart, you need to run.
As far as I am concerned, square dancing no exception, and in other words, it can cause people who practice square dancing everyday be smarter and happier.
For instance, my mother like to practice it very much.
It is impossible for my mother to let her do not dance any more.
And my sister love to practice square very much too.
She can dance anywhere and anytime.
As a consequence, there is no doubt that it is impossible for us to make them stop dancing.
In addition, if them do not have enough time, them would not to dance so long.
Last but not the least, sports can make people to be stronger, and square dancing can be the same influence.
It goes with saying that every coin has two side.
Square dancing no exception, put it on other way,there are several negative aspects as follows.
To start with, so much loud music have taken by this people practicing square dancing.
It is not a comfortable for the neighborhood residents.
They can do nothing for that as a result they feel worried for this people who practice square dancing everyday and every months.
It is quite uncomfortable for this neighborhood resident that they do something unfriendly.
For example as listed below, a man irritated by the loud and throbbing dancing music even fired a shotgun into the air air recently to scare away the dancers near his house.
And in hubei province, residents of a locality reportedly threw rubbish at this people who are dancing in a square nearby his house.
It is quite obvious that for them.
It will have conflict between them.
In addition, there is no one to solve this problem.
what we can do for this is just looking.
I deem that is not a good idea.
Last but not the least, I always hold that the government should do some positive measures to cope that.
As far as I am concerned, there must be some positive measures have taken for this people to solve their questions.
For example, this people who is practicing square dancing can take some tools which can be sound little.
there is no deny that the things will continue if there is no necessary measures have taken.
To sum up, no matter what you do and who you are, you cannot the things which will hurt others.
As long as every one contribute a little love, the world will be a beautiful heaven.
I want to talk about my favorite festival today.
My favorite Chinese festival is Spring Festival.
It's celebrated in January in the lunar calendar.
It's Chinese new year.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
During this festival,people in China get together and have a big meal.
In many places people like to set off firecrackers and fireworks to celebrate it.
And dumplings are the most traditional food during the festival.
It is my favorite festival because I don't have to go to school,and I can get some new clothes,eat a lot of delicious food,and get some red envelopes,too.
Children like the festival very much,because they can have delicious food and wear new clothes.
They can also get some money from their parents.
This money is given to children for good luck.
It makes me feel very exciting,and happy,of course.
People put New Year scrolls on the wall for good fortune.
The Spring Festival lasts about 15 days long.
People visit relatives and friends with the words "Have all your wishes ".
People enjoy the Spring Festival,during this time they can have a good rest.
According to a questionnaire on "Ways of obtaining information",we've got a message that almost 72 percent of people obtain information by watching TV,while only 12% of people read newspapers to know what happened every day.
In my opinion,newspapers is a more avilable information resource.Here are my reasons.Firstiy,I think news report is higher degree of depth than TV news.It provide more comprehensive and more detailed information.Secondly,reading newspapers isn't limited by the time.You can read your newspapers as long time as you like.Finally,readinging newspapers needs to use your heads,whichis good to exploit your telligence and can make you more minded.
In a word,I think reading newspapers is better than watching TV to obtain informations.
I am a graduate student majoring in nuclear material at P University.
And I have a bachelor's degree of S University.
I specialized in physics, mathematics, and material science.
I am interested in science when I was a child.
So if I want to realize my dream -- to be a scientist, a Doctoral study is necessary.
And many years of extensive study gives me the confidence to take a challenge to go farther.
The courses I took in S on theories of material, including materials science, mechanics and property of materials, etc.
My graduation thesis is the research of residual stress produced by laser welding.
The matrix is aluminum.
I used blind-hole method and X-ray scattering techniques to measure the residual stress.
Through this project, I have accumulated many valuable experiences.
During the graduate student learning, I focus on stress corrosion cracking.
The material is stainless steel and Inconel 690.
In my spare time, I read many books, which not only about my study, but also about history or literature.
I hope to attend the doctoral program.
First, because it satisfies my needs and interests.
And more important, the study can give an opportunity to widen my knowledge.
In conclusion, I am confident that I have the ability to undertake PhD study at this university, and take a career in scientific research.
I believe that it is the best place for my development.
Recently,I make a about choose a high salary or promissing job of investigation.
Along with the development of high-tech more and more people choose to a promissing work.They think the choice of promissing work is good.They have the following reasons.For example,they think have a promissing job itself means a raise and prootion in the future.In addition, job with a bright future will bring them honor.
But some people prefer the job with high salary.
