Nowadays, the internet technology is developing very fast.
And it changes us a lot in our daily life and interpersonal communication.
The impact of the communication by internet can be list as follow.
First, people always had a party with each other before.
But now they use the internet to meet their friends and relatives.
Second, we can make different friends in the internet.
Then, our circle will become larger than before.
In addition, we can find like-minded friends from different countries.
Because the internet can shorten the distance between people from different countries.
Finally, it can make many people know you.
Because we can write anything we want to say or think in the internet.
In a word, the internet brings us a lot of impacts on interpersonal communication.
We must recognize the benefits of internet which brings us.
At last, I believe the internet technology will have a bright future.
I think that parrots make the best pets.There are many reasons for this.
First,they can live for up to fifty years.As a reasut,they can stay with you for a long time.Second,It's easy for them to respond your emotions.For example,they can make you happy.Third,Parrots are really smart.They can even talk.
what's more,parrots can make you not to feel loney anymore.If you say something,they can probably repeat you.They can not only sing,but only make some funny sounds to bring you happiness.You can also share your emotions to them.
For these reasons,I belive that the parrots make the best pets.
Some people prefer to get up early in the morning and start the day's work,while others get up later and work until late at night.
As for me, to be an early bird is a pleasurable choice.
One reason I prefer to get up early is that air is more fresh in the morning, and people feel energetic so that they finish their work quickly and efficiently.
In another,getting up early is a promising habit.
It is good for our heath,which is ultimately related to work.
Moreover Wherever you live in, city or country, people who get up early and start working are more efficient,and they must complete the job on the stroke.
In modern society, I believe that such kind of person is extremely popular,especially in the company.
I often hear this complaint of my classmates,of course,so do I.
In most universities and colleges,there are many exams set for the students.The intention is obvious to exam the students' level but of course the marks one student can get is an essential factor to final grades.So in order to pass the exams ,the phenomenon of cheating is getting more and more serious.
From my point of view,cheating in exams is an dishonest behaviour.There is no need to cheat if you only want to pass the exams but not to master the knowledge .In the not distant future ,you may find that the morality you have formed in the university is the most important factor ,which most companies regard as a high quality.
As a university student ,we everyone should take a great responsibility to our study.Though I don't do very well in all my subjects,Never do I think of being a thief ,just to cheat more answers.Because I know that this not good behaviour may lead to a bad result,that is honesty-losing.So I hope all of you guys never view the cheating as the last straw.
As we konw ,campus life is very beautiful and interesting.There is no denying the fact that I have colorful campus life.It pays to keep in my mind forever.
I remember the first day I came to the college.I came to the dorm early.And then I washed the dorm and I did my utmost to clean the dorm .When the other student came to the dorm,they could't believe that it was so clean.They mistook me was a cleaner.In fact,it is so funny to me .It is conceivable that the dorm's environment is very important to live.Finally,my dorm's friend were very happy to see the clean environment.It was very good for us to spend happy time together.
In a word,we have a good beginning to start our beautiful campus life.It is just a simple example to my interesting campus life .What's more,I think I will have a good time in the college.
Nowadays,different kinds of university ranking spring up.And it becomes more and more popular.
Views on this phenomenon vary from person to person.Some people hold out that the university is neccessary.Firstly.it provides information for students especially those who is going to universities.Students can make decisions after they refer to it.Secondly, to some extent it make the universities enhance their overall strength.however,other people have different opinions.They think it is needless to rank university.Every university has its advantages.University ranking has its unilateralism.What's more,the makers are very likely to call for sponsorship from colleges so that the university ranking lack fair.
As far as I am concerned,we should use the usual mind to regard it.As a saying goes,every coin has two sides.So university ranking is.We can use it as reference.however,you will be enlightened, believe is dark.
The telephone is very convenient to health and safety.
For one thing, telephone is the key to getting touch with each other when emergencies occur.
Chances are good that the injured man will die for waiting a long time.
Without the telephone, we also have no choice but to escape out of the house and watch the destruction of our properties when a fire broke out.
Of course, we don't know how to handle the problem of seeing a suspect walking in the street.
However, when we have the telephone, we can call the 120 for the Urgent Care; call the 119 for the firefighters and call the 110 for the policemen.
For another thing, the telephone offers a very convenient way to subscribe to newspapers, which include much healthy diet information and weather forecast.
What's more, we can tell our parents and friends whether we live happily or safely by telephones when we are far away from home.
Above all, the telephone is a good helper for our health and safety.
Also there is a saying that practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.Nowadays,people put more emphasize on theory and practice.
So,why do we pay attention to theory and practice?There is no doubt that we cannot separate them.If we just talk about the theory and never practise it.It will be an armchair strategist.Theory is based on practice.The theory which we have learnt from books was proposed by practising again and again by our ancestors.Even it should be said that there is no true theory without any practice.
However,on the other way,in turn,theory surveys practice.The true theory can be helpful to the practice.On the contrary,the false theory will be harmful to the practice.As we all know,man's life is limited.That means we cannot practise everything by ourselves.But knowledge is endless.If we put our whole life in testing all the theories,we cannot do anything else.
Needly to say,the importance of theory and practice is a perpetual and invariable topic.It will be helpful and useful to our life and many other fields if we can make good use of it.To sum up,it is necessary for us to attach importance to both theory and practice.
Today,English is more and more crucial for us.With the time develope,we will have more times use English in our studyang work.We may meet more forieners,we need to communicate with them in English.
I think if you want to study English better.You most study listening English best.Because if we tolk with each other in English,we need to hear what they say.Now,our school give us a good chance to improve our listening English.We have three hours every week to practice our listening English.But many students can't stand it.If they finish all work they need to do.They will leave with the computer on to reach the three hours.
I think it is foul.I think we should listen something we haven't listen to improveour listening English after we finish our work.We should use these three hours better.
For the big population in China, throw about the waste cause a lot of problems.
Such as environment pollution and resources waste.
Solve these problems become our most important thing.
So the waste sorting becomes more and more important.
Waste sorting have many advantages, such as reduce the hazard, reduce the environment pollution and turn the waste into wealth.
Firstly, some material of the waste is not easy to degrade, and it leads the earth to seriously erosion.
For example, wasted batteries contain metal mercury, cadmium and toxic substances which would have serious harm to human beings.
Therefore, recycling can reduce the hazard and also protect the environment.
Waste sorting can remove the recyclable and nondegradable things so that can reduce the number of waste more than 50%.
Secondly, recycling 1500 tons of waste paper maybe can protect about the trees for the production of 1200 tons of paper from being cut down.
From the number we can find that the waste we have recycled can bring us a big wealth.
Waste sorting can help us to recycle the resources.
And it not only save the source but also protect the environment.
So the waste sorting is meaningful and helpful.
We should do it seriously.
Nowadays , we are involved in the age of internet , whose influence has permeated any aspects , including the privacy.
For example , we can make the "cyber manhunt" through it.
With the development of society , internet is becoming more and more irreplaceable ,and its influence to privacy is more and more inevitable.
Crackers can invade our computers to steal our individual information , which exposes it under the sunshine ,or allows them to pretend our identity to cheat others.
Even more , there are many softwares which can crack password ,something that belongs to us at first.
In a word , with the advantages internet brings to us , it also gives the right to anyone to invade our privacy.
In order to prevent our privacy from being revealed , we should take steps to maintain it.
The software companys should pay less attention to develop the software which can crack password and concentrate more on strengthing the privacy safeguard.
And the government should punish the lawbreakers severely.
We are all cherishing a circumstance which allows us to use our privacy right.
I'm Gina.This is my room.This is my desk.My dictionary and my pencil box are on the desk.That is my bookcase.My books are in the bookcase.That is my bed.The quilt is green.I always read book in my room oneself.I love my room.
With the development of the society, human beings have invented more and more machines to provide us with service.
, leaving environmental pollution a serious social problem.
If we don't wake up from sleep, we may experience these scenes.
The atmosphere is filthy.
The air is thick with dust and burnt oil.
Dark smokes are being emitted from chimneys, and choking fumes are being released from numerous vehicles.
The world's tropical forest area, for example , now is sharply falling due to the deforestation .
These are all our ignorance in action, thus we need to take action and pay more attention to the earth.
Never make the ignorance in action become the most terrible thing.
In twenty years, I will be thirty-four years old.
I think I will be a happy and substantial person.
I will be a photographer.
I will travel around the world to take photos of the beautiful sights.
I will enjoy my job very much because I like to close the nature.
I will live in a single apartment near the sea with my family.
We will often have family trips together where or far or near.
In my spare time, I will read my favourite books alone.
I like drawing, so I will also draw something I interested in.
I will enjoy my life a lot because I will spend my time how I want to.
The hustle and bustle is the first description of market that strictly occurred to my brain.
I believe that most people share the same opinion as I do.
People are likely to believe that as soon as we set foot in the market we will immediately become one of the customers, which are overwhelmed by the constant annoying hawking, and passively swarm from one stall to another through the long path which has been narrowed down by the exhibition of various merchandises.
My favorite one, Han Street, however, is an exception.
Han Street, the newly-built pedestrian street that located in Wuchang district, is on the bank of Chu River, which is known as the core part of the Communication Project of East Lake and Shahu.
Therefore some people also call it Chu River Han Street.
Stretched by the bank, the street shares the beauty of the canal, and makes the best of its natural scenery with the adoption of architectural style in Repulic of China era.
When I firstly walked along the archaic stony road at dusk, I had a sense of flashback mixed dreams with reality, those old-styled three-stroreyed buildings uphold it's charm with the help of the new-style lighting design.
The lights and lamps are bright enough to shine down the neat road while the shadow create a mystery of ambiguous.
The fusion of light and shadow reveal the loveliness that we are not able to witness in the daytime.
Differs from those stereotypes, Han Street sets up a good example of new-fashioned construction of the market.
Outstanding construction means nothing to the market without stores which are universally acknowledged as the liveliest parts.
Possessing the engaging river scenery and fascinating shopping environment, though, Han Street's commercial function is verified via the delicate wares exhibited in well-decorated stores.
You may not find yourself walking in a market until you see an elegant lady stepping out of a store with bags of clothes in hand or several young girls selecting joss-sticks in a Japanese grocery.
Most of people choose one thing or two,then pay off at the cashier, this kind of westernized shopping style is becoming more and more popular.
Bargaining or shouting are hardly heard while soft music flows in the market.
Han Street's unique character and high price level have won a lot of praise and abuse since its initiation.
Many people are not used to the new lifestyle here, however, the combination of sightseeing and shopping is something that young citizens have been lust for.
Young people today are tend to choose a cozy shopping rather than crowd into a noisy market.
Markets changed with the demand of the new generation.
The external of the market varied from generation to generation, nevertheless, its intrinsic value stay the same over the years.
Han Street is the end of something old, and it surely will be the beginning of something new.
Pride and Prejudice is the distinguished realistic novelist Austen's great work in the nineteenth century English literature.
Austin analyzed the love affairs and marriage of four young couples: Elizabeth and Darcy, Bingley and Jane, Collins and Charlotte, Wickham and Lydia profoundly.
The marriage of Elizabeth and Darcy embodied that the essence of bourgeoisie marriage is the binder of money and interests.
Austin satirized the relationship of capital marriage and expressed her view on love and marriage as well.
That is, love and marriage is closely associated with property and society.
However, the choice of love and marriage can not only be decided by the property and social status.
An ideal marriage should be based on mutual affection and respect.
She rejects the marriage based on wealth and stresses the element of emotion in a marriage.
As a child, when asked my dream university, I would yell certain names like Yale or Harvard, without thinking, innocently dreaming about the bright future.
Getting older and much more mature, I turned my target to domestic key universities.
As the consequence, Peking University and Fudan University were set into my list, but I still won't regret being admitted to South-east University.
I chose to study here because in my mind my dream university is SEU, and now I've realized my dream.
First of all, I'd like to have a brief introduction to SEU.
Located in Nanjing, Jiangsu Provence, SEU covers an area of over 400 hectares, with 4 campuses altogether.
Traditionally, SEU is considered as an engineering-based university, for its glorious achievements and high reputation in Architecture, Civil Engineering, Energy, etc.
As a matter of fact, today's SEU is more of a comprehensive university than one with several focuses, which lacks a balance between the humanities and sciences.
I'm engaged by SEU not just for its long history----dating back to the year 1902, but its spirit of "rigor, truthfulness, unity and diligence", which urges me to keep moving, encourages me to burn the midnight oil to pursuit the truth, no matter how other people think about me, and what's the most important, leads me to the other side----the side where success and the bright glory is there for me.
And led by the spirit, students here are much more comprehensively educated, with knowledge and virtue.
I was once showed around the campus by one of my seniors who was then studying Civil Engineering, but much to my surprise, when visiting her dorm, I saw a book on her desk, 'CHINESE HISTORY' written on the cover.
That means in SEU, you must be not only good at your own major but equipped with interdisciplinary knowledge.
I have faith in SEU, whether others think highly of it or look down on it, because it is my dream university, one I'm proud of and whose reputation I will defend with my actions whatever the difficulty I might meet.
This is SEU, my dream university.
students.
insights into another culture.
is a rewarding experience.I enjoy learning English online.
Or just like Guan Xianhen (2002) and Song, Jianheng said in their thesis that the popularity of Jane Austen's novel is because of its Cinderella elements, because most of her heroines is one who is a motherless Cinderella, or even have a mom, like Elizabeth Bennet, Fanny Price and Anne Elliot, the mothers are nearly has no influence on them.
And they are all lovely Cinderella at last, their Prance arrived, rescued them from the world they don't want to live in.
Marianne who has a mother and she was loved by her mother and resemble to her mother, and Emma, who has no mother with her when the story happened, but she did not live in suffering; she lived happily with her father, even in the end of this novel, after the marriage of herself and Mr. Knightley, to keep a Matrilocal residence kind of living, that is they still live in her house with her father, but not removed to Mr. Knightley's.
If you want to get on well with other people,to be a good listener is a wonderful way to establish relationship.Not only to express your thought but also to listen others words.
Nowadays,instead of finding a job immediately,there are more and more students choose to continue pursuing graduate study.During this period of studying,people who taking graduate study can do the reasearch they are interested in and get a Master degree.
In my opinion,the main benefits of graduate study are as follows.First,as we know,graduate study needs the spirit of studying by oneself vigorously.So it can foster our ability of studying independently.In the second place,by studying in one specialized field deeply,we can be an expert in this field and it is beneficial to job seeking in the future.Last but not least,with a Master degree,we can stand a better chance in the job market.
In my mind,it is not the key point that only obtained a Master degree.Most important thing should be that we had a succesful graduate study.Successful graduate study contains three aspects:outstanding capacity of studying,good communication ability and nice emotional quotient.Only achieved the points above,can we say we had a successful graduate study.
In conclusion,I think graduate study is beneficial and rewarding.This kind of studying not only compel us to work hard,bu also,in returns,make us be full of fierce conpetition.
I hold a negative attitude toward the statement.
I believe it is more important for students to learn empirical facts rather than to understand rigid ideas and concepts.
First of all, ideas and concepts may be misguiding for they may not be applicable in practial situations.
It is generally acknowledged that we live in a changing world.
Things change, and so is thinking.
Thus the ideas and concepts that sounds plausible in the past may not suit the current situation.
What is worse, sometimes they are even proved wrong by facts.
For a time, tomatoes were believed to be poisonous by numerous people.
Until one day a brave man had a bite of a tomato was it found that it was so delicious.
Thus the ideas and concepts are not dependable all the time.
Secondly, the process of learning facts requires the involvement of students which facilitates them to exercise their abilities.
To understand ideas and concepts, students just need to listen and memorize what they are told.
However, to learn facts, they need to think.
There are many factors that they need to take into considerations, such as through which process and through which means will they get the facts .
During the process, their practical abilities will be improved.
On the basis of the above thinkings, I believe a good mastery of facts is much more significant than a profound mastery of rigid ideas and concepts.
If you met in your life need to help,do you hope someone can help you?We need help from others throughout our life.On the other hand,helping others can make us feel great .
But sometime some people who tend to make use of people's help to get the benefits.like money and other thing.However ,some people think are cautious when it comes to helping strangers .
In my opinion,Help others is helping ourselves.if we help others, we may also get something that is valuable Like a beautiful star which shines in our life.
No one can out of things around and exist in isolation, but at the same time accepting help from others , we have to learn to help others.Since this is sensible since, I have come across many people who love to help others, they are the kind of selfless dedication to the happiness of others to give uptheir well-being of the spirit moved me deeply.
Now we give our love and care to others, then we are sure to receive love and care from others some day.
Second, helping others is a good way to show our politeness.
It's good manners to help others.
If we do so, we'll improve ourselves.
I have always believed a word" All for one and one for all.
With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers, shopping online has become a commonplace in our life.
Here consumers can buy almost everything they need.
Undoubtedly, online shopping has brought us many conveniences.
Yet, its potential dangers to the consumer could not be ignored.
Therefore, consumers should firstly be aware of the credibility of an online store.
Secondly, people should not jump on the bandwagon because not all online shopping brings about convenience.
Thus, they could avoid possible trouble causing by inadequate or inaccurate information provided by an online store.
Anyway, in my opinion, shopping online is a trend and will be used by more and more people in the future.
As far as I am concerned, online shopping has a great development space.
It has a bright future.
I do.I always like to enter the library for reading books.In my subconscious,one will not read a book unless it is borrowed.There are two reasons,I think,could respond it.
shortages of patient and backward pressure are long-standing problem in reading among people.Howevr,people want toobtain konwledge while they can't insist on reading.How they can do?At this time,a nice idea occured to some one,that is borrowing books.If the books are borrowed,there has been intangible pressure that urge man to finish it before the deadline.Therefore,you may read them fast and patiently.
The other reason supporting the viewpoint is a phonomena of psychological scarce.We always regard other people's stuff as the most precious in the world.So when we read the book of borrowed,we will be more interested in.
As the old saying goes,"A book that remains shut is but a block".In order to improve the reading climate and concentrate on it,the idea reading a book of borrowed is wised.
Albert Einstein was born in 1879 in Ulm, a city in Germany.
As a boy, he was slow to learn to talk, but later in his childhood he showed great talent about nature and ability to solve difficult mathematical problems.whenhewas16hehad the idea of his theory of relativity where he graduated from the university with a degree in mathematics.
In 1905, Einstein began to publish a series of papers which shook the whole scientific and intellectual world, and for the theories he established in the papers he won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1921.
Because Einstein was Jewish, when Hitler took over Germany in 1933, he had to leave the country and finally settled in the United States.
There he continued his study on the structure of the universe until his death in 1955.
As we all know , books are the ladder of human progress .
Everyone should read a lot of books in his life .
Some people think we should read extensively .
To open a book is always beneficial .
So we should read many books as possible as we can .
Not only can we learn many kinds of knowledge , but also have more chances tosucceed .
So we must read extensively .
But many people think the opposite .
They argue that it is impossible for us toread all the books .
And many books have nothing to do with us .
We should read more books about our work or study which we are engaged in .
In my opinion , it is not important that how to read .
Above all , the key is whether we want to read or not .
I want to do some voluntary work in a children's hospital.
Because the children there all suffer from serious illness.No body understands their pain.I will go to their to teach them to tell stories.This helps them express their feelings and i wil teach them ti sing because music can bring them joy and peace.I will improve their courage and help them raise their spirits.I think it is meaningful for me to do voluntary work!
Welcome to my hometown.Fuyang of Anhui is my hometown .it's a beautiful place.It stands besides a wide river and is rich in fish and rice.In my hometown you can see big trees and nice flowers.There are mang field and mang of us are farmer,so my hometown is a developed agricultural of city.
In my hometown my favorite place is Laogudui ,because it's a give all of us happy and laugh of place .If you come to our hometown ,you and I will go play.
Welcome to my hometown.
Nowadays, dialects are repeatedly used in many TV programs, such as talk shows.
However, relevant regulatory agencies have put forth proposals to prohibit the use of dialects in TV programs.
As far as I am concerned, to prohibit the use of dialect in TV program is a short-sighted choice.
On the one hand, our society is cultivate.
Dialects are a part of cultivate circumstance.
It is a form that to use dialect in TV programs.
If agencies prohibit the use of dialect in TV programs, it will quell society's cultivate development.
On the other hand, a language is a supporter of culture.
Language is one of transmission to spread culture.
A dialect stand for a culture.
Meanwhile, using dialect in television the most pervasive and persuasive of modern technologies, not only can disseminate its culture, but also contribute to shape a society of extraordinary sophistication and versatility.
In addition, we citizen own freedom of speech.
We have right to speak or hear by what kind of language.
It is irrational that some agencies to ban the use of dialect in TV programs.
The proposal is encroach on our right.
All in all, we should not ban the use of dialect in TV programs.
As we all know that there are many people come to civil to work for they dream life at various levels, and this phenomenon lead many peoples take attention on it.
Most people thinks this is a good phenomenon, because they believe this can adequate use the ability that people can do they are good at some things, besides this may help the civil development quickly and technology progress; but some people don't think so because of the life, they said that this is hard to adopt the life of civil, and they prefer living with they relative rather than colleague, such as mother, father, daughter and son.Not only this, they prefer lived with natural not in civil.
I think we should do the things that we like to, and let life abound in splendid.
Thesedays,people around the world should bear stress from different directions,especially those who live in urban.As children,they should struggle for the good marks.Parents and teachers give a great many resistence on them.As adults,they are busy working everyday in order to earn enough money to support the young and the old.Even people who are in golden years do not live a comfortable life-for the society is too complex to make people safe every minutes.
Competition,tricks,terrors...How do people think about these things?Some people enjoy living a stressful life for the reason that they can keep chasing.They feel energetic and meaningful.These people are suitable for jobs like managers and boss.On the other hand,many people don't think so.Too much stress make them be out of breath so that they are not happy and complain about a lot.Such is human nature that we all want to be respected and successful.However,competitions between people are fierce.As a result,we can see tragedies all over the world.In India,a lot of people cannot withstand the unhappiness in lives so they decide to kill themselves.
As far as i'm concerned,the development of human being is magical.In modern world,we have to accept a lot including happiness and unhappiness.We cannot control luck but we can control our attitude towards lifes.Life is colorful,how to live is up to ourselves.If we pursue extraordinary one,we can be success.Remember that there is no can or can't,just you wanna do it or you don't wanna do it.Sometimes we can bear more than we imagine.
I'm L,monitor of Class One,Grade Eleven.Everyone is looking forward to you participation in our class,which is a wonderful group.Now let me introduce something you will need when you study here.
There is no need for you to worry the unfamiliar environment,because everybody is ready to help each other .Besides,all of us can speak flunet English.So if you join us,I'msure you can make friends and like here quickly.In addition,the climate here is similar to that in the USA.So I think you can adapt to it.In your spare time,you can taste all kinds of delicious traditional Chinese local food.And I can be your tour guide if you need.What's more,if it is convenient to you,please introduce some special American culture.And we'll exchange our culture as well.Thanks to this activity,we can promote mutual understanding and friendship.
I hope you'll have a wonderful study experience as well as a memorable life experience with us here.
Some of my penpals told me their plans .
Percy form Changsha, Hunan.
I am going to Guilin .My aunt lives there .I am staying at my aunt She is showing me around the beautifulcity .I am taking some photos .I am sure ll havea good time there .
My friend form Wuhan ,Hubei I plan to visit Beijing forvacation .The reare many places ofinte rest in Beijing ,such as the Great Wall.
when the last day l am not very happy, because I like vacation.
I think I can sleep long time but the day is last .so, the last day Iplan some time for look after my mother .My mather isnt feeling not well ,so I helpmy mother to wash clothes, wash dishes o rclean the room in the evening.
l not want my mothor too trid .
Grown in the han nationality tradition is the a rite of passage in China .
Han nationality is the esential cultural heritage sites in history.
It's individual members to grow and prompting effect is very large.
Actually it has influent on our life.
Ancient rite of passage was interned to han under-age sex with the marriage man.
Specific ceremony is in temple of recipients will wear hear up top hat.
Divided into three important procedure thames of different materials representing different meanings by wearing a hat.
With many years gone ,few people adhere to this crucial tradition.
A rite of passage is one of the most important events in a person life.
This semester, I'm determined to read at least four books.
They are The Great Gatsby, Walden, Benjamin Franklin's Autobiography and Pride and Prejudice.
To be honest, I do not like reading books, not to speak of English ones.
But, gradually, I find if you do not read something, there is nothing in your mind and chatting with others could be a big problem.
So, these books are worth reading.
Next, the group work can be divided into three parts.
One is writing an article by using the same title.
After it is finished, students can change with each other and give their own advices.
The second part is to appreciate great writers' works.
Pick up admirable phrases and common sentence patterns.
Then put these into one work.
Here comes the final part, all the group members make efforts together to generate one piece of creation.
Then, to finish a two-hundred-word translation every day is a challenge.
I'm not going to say that the comment is difficult but the insistence is rough.
In order to keep it going on, I will set up a clock to remind me.
Whatever I am doing at that moment, the translation is the first mission.
As the saying goes, if you carve without a break, even the metal and stone can be engraved.
I decide to find some materials from TEM-8 or the Graded Workbook for English Majors.
If these are not enough, the translation textbook of Interpretation is also available.
In my opinion, what I need most is an accumulation of knowledge, especially concerned with English.
I can feel there are few things in my mind.
That is the reason for my absence of the English corner held by our foreign teacher.
I really do not know to what to say and how to express myself.
Rome is not built in one day, so is the knowledge.
What I must to do is reading.
Well, let me start from the four books mentioned above and develop a good habit of reading at the same time.
The following I'd like to talk is the biggest problem I have met.
I have no idea of what I want.
I know lack of thinking and interests is the chief reason.
And the only way to solve it is to read.
The more you read, the more you will get.
I may not read for human development but do it for myself.
In short, reading is significant.
I want to tell you a true story.
It happened to a friend of mine a year ago.
While my friend,Z,was reading in bed,two thieves climbed into his kitchen.
After they had entered the house,they want into the dining room.
It was very dark,so they turned on a torch.
Suddenly,they heard a voice behind them.
'someone called.
the thievies dropped the torchand ran away as quickly as they could.
Zhou Tong heard the noiseand came downstairs quickly.
Heturned on the light,but he couldn't see anyone.
The thieves hadalreadygone.
But ZhouTong's parrot,Henry,was still there.
'he called.
My hero is my parents.My parents not handsome or beautiful..but he give me self giving love.
he is 42 years old,he not tell,but he very strong.he doesn't watch TV,but he read some newspaper.
you want.
Maybe, I think.
From the child's behavior, we can see some clues, such as bobby Martin pockets filled with rocks.
From the beginning, I wondered why those children put stones in their pocket, and I didn't know the arrangement of the novel until I see this novel again and again.
I know that the stone in ancient means killing ,and the sacrifice is common and common.
At the beginning ,I see the topic,I'm thinking that this novel may write a people who win the money though lottery,but after reading ,I found that this novel is writing about a custom.
This article has the ironic meaning to satire of customs of the people.
To say the purpose of the lottery,you can imagine that the previous victim is poor ,like food in order to pray for a hearty harvest or the good crop ,they can choose victim.
I consider that the collective violence to depict the marrow.
You can imagine it if smoking in the lottery is not Mrs. Hutchinson, the others will be persecuted cruelly.
From this story we see that the people in ancient is indifference and ignorance, reflecting the social bad atmosphere at that time.
The world is in common in some ways, if we look back in our old Chinese generation, there are many bad habits, too.
Superstition in today's China is still existing.
Although this kind of person is still existing, I believe that they will from inside to emancipate the mind.
The ending of the novel is a teaching with blood, we should not hold negative attitude, and believe that everything will have a good side and everything will be fine.
After reading this novel,I just want to say that I am so lucky , and I don't have to pass that corrupt custom.
And I feel very sorry about these behaviors in the story.
Because they are foolish and stupid.
Anyway, It's a corrupt social form and a thought-provoking story.
At present,many person are in love in different ways.For example,there is a convenient way that boys and girls communicate with each other .It is online communication.The development of Internet provides a new way of making friends and being in love to people.So,cyber love is different from other ways of loving.Because love is born of beauty in the distance and love feeds on mystery about each other.Cyber love has these features.It is so wonderful!But each coin has its two sides,there are aslo some bad sides.For example,some people may be tricksters.They can take advantage of Internet to do bad things.So,cyber love aslo has two sides.
I believe that cyber love has it own true love.Because love is a product of communication,and cyber love makes people feel the beauty of distance.So,i support cyber love.
Online shopping's fun is found by more and more chinese internet users.The centre people of the chinese internet says,the first half year there's over 87million chinese people shopped online,that means one fourth of the chinese has experience of online shopping.The ages between 18--30 students and white-collar workers are the majority of online shopping,their monthly income is about 1000-3000RMB.Women shoppers or more than men.Clothes and houseware are most online purchases.People predicts online shopping is going to be an unstoppable technology for the future years,this reflects the strength of China's developping economy.
Every one has dreams in the heart and I as well.
I like history and I want to be a history professor.
This is my biggest dream.
In order to my dream come true.
First, I will study history hardly and do my homework seriously.
I will do well in the exams.
Next, I will go to a good high school in my city.
Next, I will go to a good university in China or in the world.
And I will be a master in an American university.
Although this dream is far away from me.
But I will do well for my biggest dream.
I will do better.
And I will shine on this world.
In my opinion, reading is more useful and better to us.
Reding can open our mind and increase our knowledge.
It helps us learn so much about beauty and truth that we can live a wonderful life in our ways.
If we read a lot before doing, we will do well and even get better results.
Reading is also enjoyable and we can relax by reading.
When we read books, we will have the same feelings as the characters who were in books.
We will have a great experience.
Reading can cultivate our taste and make everything becone possible.
But if we learn by doing, instead of reading,or doing without reading, we won't get a lot.
Beacuse of lots of advantage, I think reading is necessary and important.
It can give us more help.
My name is X, I am a freshman, this year is 20 years old, from P province.
My hometown is a small and remote country.
So I am very happy to learn in college.
there are five people in my family.
They are my grandmother, father, moyther, sister and me.
My grandmother is a kind old woman.
My father and mother are farmer.
My sister is a high school student.
I am a quiet and friendly girl, at usual, I like to read book, listen to music .
In sport, I like running.
I get on well with my classmates and friends.
Now, I am majoring in logistics management.
In the new classroom, there are many new faces, I want to make a friend with everyone.
To be honest, my English is not good, but I manage to balance my study and life well.
That's all, thank you.
I am an astronaut from Earth.
One day, my spaceship was damaged because of a crash.
Fortunately, I bring 10 bottles of water, a map, a armour from Iron Man and some food.
With the armour I can breathe and move in space.
And the armour can let me move quickly, so I can go back home as soon as possible.
I have a map so I can know where is the Earth, And then I can go back Earth.
With the map I won't lost in space.
I have 10 bottles of water and many food, so I won't need worry about thirsty and hungry, I can live in space before I go back home.
With this tings, I can go back Earth as soon as possible.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I hope I can have a job with a steady income, a happy family, life is full of sunshine.
I like drawing very much, so I hope after ten years I have time every week to sketch the beautiful park, breathing the fresh air, intoxicated in the beauty of the scene.
Recently,a news item named "when will West ever learn the history lesson" was written by an American novelist who also is a documentary filmmaker and an investigative journalist, said that some Western media continuously demonize China and its role in Africa.
In the past 200 years ,no country in Africa escaped being crushed under the boots of European colonists and the people there had to endure cruelty,humiliation,slavery and extermination.But ,China has ventured into Africa as a friend and provides a helping hand in respects of economy,construction,education etc.
The Western governments and media regard these as for our own benefits,for we want to exploit the natural resources ,for we bribe local governments.
Some reporters report news and events about China just in a dishonest way,by which they could get more gains,for instance ,money and reputation.If they do not obey the order ,they would be kicked out.In the minds of most Africa people ,China used to be bad,selfish,utterly inhuman or something like that.
They take little chances to access to China TV and programs or newspapers and magazines.The only news they know about China is reported by Western journalists,these news are often misinterpreted .
As we all know , a badly earthquake that had happened in WenChuan, in 2008 , which is the second largest one after an earthquake that had happened in1978,TangShan,HeBei Provence.Many people from every quarter of our country ,including workers ,soldiers,doctors,teachers etc,do all they can to help local people.And our government allocates supplies to the regions promptly.But what did Western media say?They said that Chinese government ignores wound and dead.
Another case is Dalai Lama ,who is the head of a group which purpose is to disrupt China.
Some Western countries support the action of the Dalai Lama .It's like a declaration that they are opposed to China.
It is a world with science and technology , maybe every country has a secret weapon.If the war occurs, who knows who is the final winner.
One of the most important factors leading to success is diligence.
Being diligent or not means great difference in our life.
We will never reach our goals without hard work.
Many scientists become famous and have made great contributions to the development of the world only because they have firm beliefs and confidence in success and never give up when they have met with a lot of difficulties and failures.
Success always belongs to those who have tried their best and done things with great efforts.
Diligence is the key to success, especially to our study.
We should make good use of time and study hard when we are still young.
All in all, if you want to be successful in something, you must fight against idleness and devote all your time and energies to your work.
I'm glad you ask me how to learn Chinese,I here are a few ways to learn good Chinese,you can recommend to you.First of all,you can take a class in Chinese,you can better learning Chinese,is also likely to encounter very familiar with Chinese friends,you can ask them to have a difficult time.Sencond,you can also see more Chinese books and Chinese television in the home,this is helpful for your study,you can also learn to sing Chinese songs,this is good for your Chinese pronunciation.
In the end,you can also make Chinese friends,they basically can give you to solve your difficulties.
Book titles: Pride and Prejudice; The Adventures of Tom Sawyer; Gone with the Wind; The Great Gatsby.
Divide the students into several groups; let them choose the type and the topic of the passages they want to write, and then bring them to he class and share.
Each group prepares something they interested in and brings them to the class; all the classmates can translate them together.
Choose a book and introduce it to classmates, everyone needs to read and write a book review.
Give myself a goal and strive to achieve it step by step.
I need to spare about one hour a day to do my translation work.
Before going to bed every day, I would like to watch the news with the phone, and I will click to view the details of the news that I am interested in.
Therefore, I can collect the news I've read, and then print them out to translate or directly find them on the computer and translate.
Another way is that, I will fully use the material and textbooks I had, select some chapters to translate.
We all now start preparing the thesis, and our TEM-8 exam is fast approaching, what I need to do in the writing class is to improve my reading and writing skills.
I think the most important thing is practice.
We all say 'many a little makes a mickle', so do some exercises every day,it may come in handy someday.
I want to be a dactor in the future,because it can help people to have a new life and earn much money .
If you want to be a doctor,you should study very well.Because it is important to have a smart brain,and a diligent inborn.
If I am a doctor,I will free to help them and give them a lot of supply.Bcause I think it is important for them to have a good health.
I think doctor is important all over the world.If I am a doctor,I will keep the people healthy.
In the story, with throwing stones into the pond, the boy's grandfather told him that whatever we did will have effects on others around us, so we must be responsible.
As we all know, responsibility is a vital part in our society.
Only when humans take responsibility, can we live a normal life.
The meaning of responsibility is like invisible skeleton which can hold a family, a country, or even the whole world.
Without it, we may get lost in the inconceivable chaos.
No matter who you are, you have your own duty.
To us, as high school students, the top one on our list is studying.
Clearly, the time that we study just for being wealthy and struggling into the high class has past.
At present, learning more is the only way for us to build ourselves better and create a brighter future.
While we study in school, family member is another important role which we can't avoid.
Respect, patience and love, the secret of a qualified family contains all of those.
That's what we call 'responsible to your family'.
Last but not least, when you finish the two points above, spare some time for the giant society.
Why not try to be a volunteer.
It may be the most popular way to return.
Being responsible is easier said than done.
Do your duty, do what you got to do, don't let the action fall behind the words.
My best friend is X.
She is a pretty girl.
Her major is Art.
We were classmates .
She is assertive, easy-going and enthusiastic.
We have lot common.
She loves art very much.
Match and English.
I helped her to study Match and Eglish in the free time.
Because of her hard studying.Her dream has come true.I like her draws.She often talks about her draws assertively.And we talk about law sometimes.She is easy-going with whoever she encounters.In her viewpoint, people should be harmonious when we get-together.She would cheer me up when I was in low spirits.She is enthusiastic.I had no much money to go to hospital when I was ill last year.She lent me money and send me to hospital .It's very kind of her to do it.
She is the girl who has no arrogance and doen't go with the flow.So I am.I appreciate her.Time flies.I think we will be best friend forever.
National day is one of the most important holiday in our country , and this day is the longest holiday in chinese law.This festival can make people feel the sense of family reunion , people should go home togather and have a reunion dinner.
During the national day , I believe most people went out to travel.
However , I just in the home with the family , but also a lot of joy .
Generally , I rarely go out , most of them stay at home during the holidays .
I taiked with my parents , helped my mother to do some housework and piayed with my niece , sister and brother-in-law went to work .
I think my holiday is very simple but very warm and happy .
In addition , mostiy people would like go to tour for relaxation , but be sure to pay attention to safety .
At home to see the news, every year, a lot of long holidays will appear a lot of accidents , and after the end of the holiday back peak, airports, stations are full, because many vehicles, highway are pushed into the "parking lot" .
Nowadays, cellphones become more and more important in our daily life, especially to senior student.
For the question that should students be allowed to use cellphones in classrooms.
different person have different opinions.
Some person think it's good for students.
because student can use cellphone to contact to parents.
and they can use cellphone to solve their problems in class.
However, some people suggest we not to use the cellphone in class.
They think the sound of cellphones will have an effect on the other pupils in class deeply.
In my opinion, we can bring the cellphone in class because maybe there is something urgent or important happening, we can be aware of it as quickly as possible.
I am the student union of the B Middle School, my name is X.
Come straight to the point,my school will provide a number of various books for you in order to improve knowledge about Chinese for Chinese Class of your school.
These books content are about the culture of country,animal,;ierature,science and technology.These books can help you improve yourself and know more about world.
I will go to your school to take part in the summer camp and put the bok to you.I hop I can make friend with you and I will have a nice trip.
Whatever your answer is.Believe it or not, most of my classmates acknowledged that they will not read a book unless it is borrowed.
As for me, I firmly agree with them.
It goes without saying that there is no smoke without fire.There are many reasons accounting for this phenomenon.But I think the chief reasons are that :For one thing, they have not enough time to read their books.
For example, if they are busy, they put away the book they have.Because they regard that the books they possess can be read whenever they intend to if they have time.
Nevertheless, as time passes by, there are many things for them to do.
Gradually, they may forget or have no time to read the book laying in the bookshelf.
However, The situation is quite different from that if books are borrowed.They squeeze time for reading the book for it have to be returned in time.
For another, some persons are not confident about their books.
Althouh they have many books, instead of reading their books,they tend to read others' books due to the fact that they always believe that others'books are superior to theirs'.
Consequently, they read books borrowed more efficiently and carefully.
Aditionally, there are still some persons tending to be a like-minded friend.
They read books borrowed from their friends.
In that case, they can have a lot to say when they get together.They exchange their views and share their feelings with each other.
From what I mentioned above, it is not exaggeration to say that "one will not read a book unless it is borrowed" is a com mom phenomenon among us.
Travelling has many advantages,which make us enjoy the beauty of the nature.We can meet and make friends with people of different colors and races.
On the other hand, travelling is of benefit to us both mentally and physically.By traveling,we can enjoy the beautiful scenery in different places.We can see many places that we read in books with our own eyes.
I like travelling, because I can continuously train the ability of communication,which can do a great favor after we get our job.Certainly,enjoying the beautiful scenery all around the world is another advantage.
Being a backpackers that life won't be lonely.
I have a dream when I first entered the university ,I hope I was able to in the first year in college pass my CET.But,in the first year,I have not listened to the lectures in each English class and did not take the initiative to remember vocabulary .Therefore, the two CET I did not pass.
Because I do not have a strong will and there is no effort, I did not succeed.SO,Nothing Succeeds Without a Strong Will .
Strong will to success passes, without a strong will not always adhere to, they will not put into action and there would be no harvest.Perhaps the success of only one step away from you,however, the absence of firm belief, there is no stick, it will leave you galaxy far.Firm conviction, the tireless efforts is a shortcut to success.
Now, I at 6:30 every morning will get up to read English and every day to do a reading comprehension.I hope that in June this year, I was able CET.I'm afraid I will give up halfway, you can not stick to it, I do not want a loser.Therefore, I must have a firm belief in and perseverance, as success is not far away from me.
As is vividly shown from the passage, Chinese university's labor is good for building character and promotes.
Some students are always proud of the clean campus.
Some students are against the school routine.
I am in favour of this point of view.
What is refected in this passage makes us think about our real life.
We should keep the optimistic attitudes in the school.
The school took some measures to help us improve our grades.
We should understand the school actions to help us build our character and personality.
There are numerous reasons why some students have some bad attitudes for study and school.
So I think the school should take some necessary actions to change some students' ideas.
It is of significance to hear school actions.
Last but not least, we as a students, have bad attitudes to school is wrong.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future i think my life will be very different in the years.
I will be twenty-six years old my then i will have my own family.
Probabbly with a lovely child.
I hope I will become a teacher and I will get along well with my workmates.
In my free time.
I will travel with my famliy.
Maby I also do some sports for exampie swimming, runing and playing ping-pongand so on.
In a word my life will be better and more colorful.
As the city developing , more ang more person come to cities to make livings,which will make housing drop behind the needs.And land agents make the use of the situation to get big fortunes.At the same time,many people rent apartments to others,which make more workers work for the house!
Although the government provide us with some apartments at a low price,only a few in need can benefit from the policy for many reasons.
The most powerful power lies in our government.We all hope there will be some policies practical and useful carried out one day!
Some college students maybe have been found that they have been fallen into unhealthy habit ,something like that admitted to surf the internet,often sleep very late,cost so much money everyday and so on.But somebody maybe think that it is so normal that they didn't worry about it.
so if you want to get a good future,Not do the things which are bad for you ,if you want to change you life, try to do the things like this:make a thing line,list the things which you should do today and tomorrow;make a time line,list you work time and sleep time;make a money list,come up with which money you have used in a wrong way and so on .If you do the things according to the list which you have made day after day,I think you life will become better and better!
Currently it appears to be an exceedingly popular choice for middle school students to take extra courses on weekends, towards which attitudes vary from person to person.
Proponents maintain that weekend classes are fairly reasonable, because they serve to enhance students' abilities on the basis of what they have learned in the school curriculum, and to some students lacking self-control, extra classes mean less time wasted on weekends.
Nonetheless, opponents who don't regard taking extra courses as a wise choice believe the courses place more pressure on middle school students.
Some argue that this type of learning is a passive process, and it's best to save some time for self-study on weekends.
From my personal perspective, it's advisable to take one or two courses according to the needs of the individual, whereas we should also bear in mind that an overly grueling weekend schedule does more harm than good.
E-book,as high-techological outcome,has sharply changed our lives.People's opinions are varied towards e-book.
some people believe that e-book is good for environment.Human beings are no longer cutting down trees for making books .Owing to its digital,all the resource can be downloable at anytime,anywhere.Besides,it is also easy to reserve and renew.
However,the others hold the opposite ideas.In their minds,the biggest disadvantage of e-books is that it brings visual and spychological strain,although it has powerful development and space.What's more,anyone can load down anything from the Internet for free.That results in copyright issues.It's unfair to the writers.To some extent,cultural and spiritual meaning disappear in the side of e-books.
My personal conclusion is that e-book is just a tool which helps us doing things better.In the future,it will be improved in order to make better service for people.It tends to micromation,intellectualization and so on.In a word,it is man's good assistant.
As the rapid development of technology and media, people nowadays depend on computers a lot.
There is no denying that computer convenient people's life.
Nevertheless, if children use computers every day, the positive effects are overwhelmed by negative ones.
It is true that children gain more by using a computer.
When they have learnt to use a computer, they can enjoy exposing to various kinds of new knowledge.
In spite of this, bad influence can never be overlooked.
Owing to children's curiosity, it is easy for them to be attracted by some games.
Once they are addicted in those computer games, they can hardly get rid of them by themselves, for they cannot control themselves well.
Also, overuse computer does harms to children's eyes.
As they are still young, their eyes haven't developed well, facing to screen too much is bad for their vision.
All in all, every coin has two sides.
However, comparing with positive effects, overuse computer has more negative effects on children.
They should not use computers every day and they are suggested to use it properly.
Beijing university professor White, will be to us a lecture SISO do.
The lecture is about the importance of learning English .
The lecture time: On February 27,Friday at 2:30 in the afternoon at 4:30 .
Location: The school gym .
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
No matter when I watched this movie, the boy who accomplished extraordinary achievements compared with the healthy children who laugh at in the childhood that mental retardation limited mobility that made me impressed.
Love and belief to help succeed.
His mother is the irreplaceable in the hero.
In the movie the woman inspires his son to believe he is no different that else.
Every mother is endurance, wisdom and lovely for her child who sometimes smashed glass of his neighborhood by her child or breaks her heart when he argument for his disadvantages, she firmly believes that her child who the same as others.
Every child has an angle that his mom.
Besides her mom inspire, the role man has belief that he can do everything with others.
In the life, if no one applaud you, you should applaud for yourself.
Believe that gold is fire.
Whatever others thinking, you believes that you are the uniqe on the earth.
In a word, trusteded the good thing gets your life around by lovely.
If you do that, you will become happiness and full the sunshine in your life.
Life is a chain of moments of enjoyments, not only about survival.
As we all know,as to colloge,we must meet a lots of trouble ovre and over again.there is no doubt that we don't like truble.
Therefore,why we are so afraid when we are meet trouble.as a result of our ability of deal wiath troble is very bad .for example,when the college student meet strickey diffult,they are usually choisce escape.
For this problem,family and school should do some things.as to school.they can Giving lectures about frustration.on the other hands,family play an important role as to colloge stdent.asthe old saying goes parents are their children the best teacher.
So parents should give their example in the family.
My name is H,but call me H if you like .I am 20 years old.I'm from Z county,Y city,Q province.There are five member in my family:me,sister,brother,mother and father.I have long hair and a pair of big eyes,there are innate slim.About my character,I con't describe it well,but generally speaking,I am a hard working student especially whenIdo the things Iam interested in.And Iam confident and outgoing.Sometimes,I prefer to stay alone,reading book,dancing,but I am not lonely,In my spare time,I often go shopping with my friends and do some sports.In college,Ionly hope to complete the following four plan:study hard,live well,work well,good love.
It's my mother who I love most.
She is very beautiful,thoughtful,caring,forgivng and generous.
Almost all the qulities are owned by her.I think she is a perfect woman in the world.
First,she is hardworking,she is always does the housework by herself.And she can make kinds of delicious foods.Second,she is not only a good mother,but also a kind daughter-in-law.She looks after my grandmother patiently and she is never fed up with doing that.Last,also the important reason I love my mother is that she acts as a friend in my life.When I was deep in spirit,she encouraged me never to give up.She is a good listener,she always gave me some advise when I was hesitate in doing something.For example,I didn't get a good grade in my studywork,I think she would critice me ,to my suprise,she didn't do like I think,on the contrary,she told me :"Don't lose heart,I think you can do better next time".
My mother told me a lot in life and stuy,I learnt that I should try my best and never give upI .I feel I am a lucky girl in the world.I love my mother forever.
Nowadays,the society has witnessed many strange phenomena.
More and more children may cause much trouble in their schools, such as not to follow the school rules, not to take the advice of their teachers even not to respect their teachers.
What's more, many children have become capricious.
They do anything they want,and get whatever they want regardless of the consequences.
So many people are thinking of the reasons leading to these phenomena.
And recently an argument has emerged that their parents should take the most responsibility.
Therefore,most people think parents should have certain reservations in giving their love to their children.
From my point of view, I am in favor of the point.
But We should analyze from three aspects.
First of all, it's no doubt that children became capricious and innocent now, because in the most families, there is only one child, they must give their children all the love they can have, which may spoil them to some extent.It is the reason that caused the treason and innocence of children.From this aspect, parents shouldn't indulge their children too much,and they can't always be obedient to them But secondly,it doesn't mean parents don't give love to their children.Parents just have reservations in giving love in some way.
Because in the society, there are still having many children making serious mistakes, such as committing a crime, just they lack their parents' love,which resulted in their psychology's problems.So children need their parents' love and care.They should care about their children's any aspect, such as the study, life, body,psychology and so on.
The last but not the least, parents should give their right love to their children.On one hand, in their study, parents can have reservations in giving their love to their children.They should be strict with their children and encourage them to work harder.They can't spoil their children in this respect.
But on the other hand, parents should care about their children's health and talk with them about their personal life ,especially pay more attention to their psychology.From the above, it is the true meaning that parents should have certain reservations in giving their love to their children.
I have known that you are interested in a famous TV program called The Voice of China.Let me tell something about it.
It belongs to a kind of reality show.The judges sit back of the singers,if they think the singer has a excellent voice,they can turn their chairs back.The singer can choose one of the judges when at least two judges turn.
As far as I concerned,this TV program attracts a large number of young audiences.Many ordinary people are involved in it and become famous.Not only does the program help us sing better,but it also bring us enjoyment.
Thank you for your letter and it is much to our regret that we hear you make a claim against on me.
We regret to inform you that we decline a claim.
After going into the matter we find that this is not our responsibility.
When we shipment, the products are enough.
Our delivered it on time.
The shipping company was delay of delivery.
We enclosed a copy of the B/L for you.
The responsibility should rest with the carrier instead of us, and if you need, we would like to lodge, on behalf of you, a claim against them.
We look forward to your reply.
The U.S. is definitely a car country.
Almost every family has one or two car to travel, to visit relatives and friends, to go to work, to pick up the kids, to attend the meeting, to enjoy the car brings joy and so on.Cars save excessive time for the American family.
This is due partly due to the fact that the car is fast and convicent whereas public transport is less efficient.
Different people have different habits.Some studentslife is meaningful and perfect,but some students habits are unhealthy ,If these habits cant Be correted,it will lead to serious result.
cant Be absorbed in listening to teactherspeech .we cost much can lead to us very poor .Even we have no money to buy food ,that is harmful to our body .Fascinated with games also distract us from studying .All of these is bad for college students.
pian for ourself .If that,we can develop a healthy habits gradually.and then we will have a perfect life ,eventually I believe our future will more beautiful.
With the development of science and technology .The living standard of people also follow to improve .Interent also more and more developend.
It forward genera lization,high speed developed .Give moer and moer people very much convenient.
For example, qq instend of mobile phone, Save a lot of telephone.
Learning materials can be downloaded from the network.
Expamd our knowledge .Tmprove the lenarning ability .
Even if the distamce is far, also can seee through the video.
Tnterpersonnal cmmunication nor regional limmt.
Of couse, internet also have the dark side.FFor example.
lenss people to the spread rumours in internet.
Some people establish not health website .Teeenager the browsing the web site .Give teenager bring dark side impact.
Cause teenager listlessness, Addicted te internet theganme.Cause learning result serious decline.
I'mwriting to get your promission that ican take part in your English spokern course.
You can't imagine how excited I was when I knew the news that you would set up an Spoken English lesson,Though I can only make some easy communications with foreigners, I'm eager to speak English fluently,as English has already become the first language in the world.what's more Ireally want to be internationl and travel around the world by myself.And it is the fluent spoken English that counts.
Above all,only by larning spoken English from you ,can I realise my dream, so please accept me into your class.
If someone ask you who do you love most,I believe almost of you will say the person one of your family members .But I want to tell you a special person I love most.
we met in our hight school.he is a thoughtful, forgiving,caring and tender youth.In my eyes he just like an elder brother for me.When we are deskmates ,all he did for me let me be happy and moved.In the winter,when the weather was getting cold,he would close me to a cup of hot water.If the weather was going to be worse,he allways remembered reminding me to wear a thick.Once he found that I am not happy,he may get down to sang a gentle song or sat down with me in silence.He wrote so many long letters to comfort me,and laughed me with lots of jokes.
Eventhough sometimes he was not a good listener like most of boys,he also gave me the warmth what I wanted in the past time and will continue to love me in the future.He is just a special lover, as my relative.It is great worthwhile for me to love and care about him as he did for me,I promise.
Nowadays, lots of developed areas appear online shopping hot.
Different people have different views.
Some people like shopping on the net.
There are some reasons about it.
In the first place, online shopping is very cheap.
And people can save money.
In the second place, online shopping is very convenient and can save lots of time.
Only in this way, can we have more time to do own things.
But, some people dislike shopping on the net.
They think that they can't buy the right size on the net.
What's more, clothing color is unavoidable.
So people dislike it.
Finally, There is no security shopping on the net.
In my opinion, I like shopping on the net.
And it is very convenient.
Sam and Tom are my classmates,they are twins.
But they are very different.
Today I asked them some question,and there are results.
Tom is thinner than Sam,but Sam is taller than Tom.
In the study,Sam is more hard-working than Tom,and Tom said Sam is smarter than him,too.
And about PE,Sam said Tom runs faster than him.
And Tom gets up earlier than Sam.
In making friends,Sam is more friendly than Tom,so he is very popular.
Modernization and industrialization had been witnessed in cities throughout the whole world during the past few decades, which however, simultaneously triggered the development of automotive industry and thus gradually contaminated the environment, especially the air quality.
Therefore, from my perspective, controlling the enlarged number of private cars is of vital importance for us to deal with the polluted air.
Of all those methods to cut down the large quantity of mobiles, the construction of clean-energy public transportation is undoubtedly the most effective.
As a sociologist once inferred, the more developed a city's public transportation is, the more advanced its civilization will be.
A sound public transportation system can not only bring benefits such as relieving the traffic pressure or reducing the emission of exhaust gas, but can also raise the public awareness of environmental protection.
All those changes can possibly lead to the alleviation of problems brought by the air pollution.
While at the same time, from what I have mentioned above, the transformation from fossil fuel to clean energy is significant as well.
The use of clean energy in public transportation is able to stop those poisonous gases such as sulfur dioxide or nitrogen dioxide from emitting into the air.
In conclusion, it is high time that we needed to pay enough attention to the public transportation system and only when it is well constructed can our cities be a better place to live.
Some of them hold the view that it's good for high school students to get online frequently.They think that going online can not only acquire knowledge,but also open our minds.In addition,we can chat with friends in order to exchange ideas.Besides,we can enjoy ourself by playing games so that we can make ourselves relaxed.
However,the other students hold the different opinion.They think we should try not to be online for so long time,because it's harm for our eyes.Moreover,if we lost ourselves in chating and playing,we will lost interest in studying.Also,going online will waste our time and energy,as a result,we have no time to revise and exercise.Both our body and mind will be harmed by the Internet.
As far as I can see,Internet is good but we shouldn't go online frequently.We should go online for our study,not only for playing.We also need to do outdoor activities after going onine in order to protect our eyes.
In a word,we should use the Internet correctly.
I'm glad to know that you're going to our school.
We are looking for an English editor to work for our school's newspaper.
The job is divided into two parts which are attached importance to.
The first is to select the articles suiting us students from English magazines and newspapers even the Internet.
The second is to get those scripts contributed by pupils chosen and edited.
Whereas only if you are willing to spend your spare time on servicing students will you get it.
What's more,you are supposed to do well in not only English but also art and using the computer well is taken into account too,as a result of which the job depends on nothing but computer.
Last but not least,we are looking forward to someone which is enthusiastic about being a good English editor.
Please those who take a great interest in it connect with the Students Union.
Nowadays,with the rapid development of technology,network commnication has become an important way to communication.The way of social contact has changed so much.
People rarely reach an absolute consensus on such a controversial issue.Some people believe that network commnication will take place of the others sooner or latter.The advantages are that you can chat with everyone you want without going out and it's a way of instant messaging.Moreover the network commnication is much more convenient than any others.However,others hold the absolute opposite view that the network commnication would never be the one.Network commnication is not that officially in their eyes.What's more,face-to-face commnication can never be replaced.Because people can observe you directly and know more about the genuine you,which is much more different than face-to-face talk through the Internet.
In terms of my opinion,I'm inclined to the latter one.Even if the network commnication is convenient,the previous ways of social contact will not disappear.For example ,sending letters which is written by own to your beloved girl is always a best way for a shy man to show his love.
Happily and excitedly,I came into Shandong University and started my really new life.
However, things were not as easy as I had thought.Everything seems to be more difficult.
First thing is Military training.
We often got up very early.Sometimes five o'clock,sometimes three o'clock.The most challenging day impressed all of the students a lot and all of things seemed hard to come over.We got up at 2:30 am ,ate some bread as our breakfast.Then,we would hike nearly 20 kilometers.Unluckily,the weather was too bad for it had an extremely heavy rain and a strong wind.But we still need to go on.At the beginning,we ran for a long distance and we were not allowed to take our umbrellas.All of us were wet as chicken in a soup.
We were cold,sleepy and worried.The rain became more heavy and the wind was more strong.When we took the umbrellas,some of them were broken by the wind and rain.All the way,we just had two rests.The most terrible thing is that there was no toilet.We were thirsty but we can't drink too much water.Finally 5 hours later,we arrived at the destination.
After 3 weeks of military training,we started our academic life.We became more busy.We are supposed to take classes from morning to dusk.In addition,after class,we have to do a lot of homework.It results that we almost have no time to do what we really interest and want to do.Even we have no time to go shopping on weekends.
Luckily, I also have a colourful life.
I get along well with my roommates,we usually eat together,go to the class together and study together.We complain about the meal that we eat now and then.We agree that some classes are too boring to concentrate on and some are too difficult to learn well.
We may talk about our teachers and some classmates' interesting things.We often have conversations on the ways to keep ourselves healthy such as drinking more water and go to bed early at night.In our dormitory,it is pretty that no one stay up late.Because our head always urge us to sleep before 11:00pm.
I have to admit that I have not adapt to the life in university,but it will approach soon.
We are very pleasure to inform you that the projected goods under our NO.J-29 Sales Confirmation has been shipped by S.S."PEARL".And it will be transported on S.S."MAYFLOWER" in hongkong.The sale is agreed in accordance with CFR terms.
We have faxed you the information about the order in 15-MAR-2013,in order to you can arrange your insurace promptly.
With the increasing improvement of technology, more and more special effects occur in the movies.
When it comes to the application of special effects in films, opinions vary from person to person.
In my opinion, special effects should be applied moderately.
On one hand, special effects can polish the film, especially action movies.
This kind of movies needs difficult actions which actors or actresses cannot complete perfectly.
Special effects are quite useful in such cases.
For example, transformers is one of the most successful commercial cartoons in history.
So many adults are crazy about it as well as children around the world.
The big success in the box office is contributed to the various special effects applied in the film.
On the other hand, I consider that special effects should be limited in the films because too many special effects will distract attention of audience instead of others characters of films such as the performance of actors and layout of plot.
For example, as we know, there are different visions of pilgrim to west during recent decades.
It seems to me that the oldest vision is the most fascinating one.
In fact, this vision has no special effects mostly.
Thus, a good film is not dependent on flowery special effects.
To sum up, special effects should be use reasonably, just like proper flavoring may promote the taste, but overuse can spoil the soup.
Recently the news caused heated discussion that six college students in the same dormitory in university hired a cleaner to help wash cothers .
In my opinion , they shouldn't hire a cleaner to do what they should do.
Firstly, as a college student , they have the abality to take care of themselves .
So washing clothes is their thing .
They shouldn't depend on others.
Secondly, a college student don't have income and still receives the money from our family .
It's too hard for our parents to earn money to support the family .
But the six students' behavior obviously wasted the money.
Thirdly, this kind of action have a bad influence on other students .
So it is not encouraged.
In a word, college students should not hire cleaners .
They should overcome their laziness and be independent.
First impressions always have prolonged effects in our judgments on people.
However, if you observe people around you carefully, you may find them different from the first impressions the have left on you.
Yes, first impressions can be deceiving.
To begin with, everyone tends to leave a good impression on others.
Consequently, people pretend to be gentler, more generous and more easygoing than usual when they first meet you.
Those virtues can last for just a short time, but long enough to make you believe that the stranger in front of you does have been like this since he was born.
Besides, there do exist incidents which lead to misunderstanding of someone's characteristics.
For example, Lily, who believes people who sleep on their left tends to be selfish observed her roommate Mary the first night they spent together.
Unfortunately, Mary was found sleeping on her left.
It's not until 2 years later that did Lily realize that Mary had to sleep on her left that night because she hurt her right arm while closing the window for her.
Finally, first impressions can be deceiving just because we pay too much attention to them.
A bad first impression beats all your advantages.
In conclusion, do not trust your first impressions too much, because they can be deceiving many of the times.
Instead, get along with people long enough before you give your judgments on them.
After 1000 years, there will be some Roberts walk in the street.
They work instead of policemen.
When thieves steal someone's money or something else, they can check the monitor and find out where the thieves are.
In addition, they can service for people.
If you feel thirsty, you can just push a red button in front of the traffic light.
Then they will bring you some drinks.
The Roberts just one of the magical things in the future.
The life in the future will be more and more convenient.
And human being will be the leader of the whole world.
They can create what they want and become what they hope to be.
Dreams are the goals that people want to achieve.Different people have their different dreams.
When I were a senior high school student,my dream was going to a university where I can grow up.In order to success,I made a plan and put into practice .In the morning,I waked up early to recite the crucial articles,formulas and poems and so on.In the afternoon,I went to class and completed my homework after having a simple break.And on the evening,I will review or prepare lessons.Otherwise,I concluded my studying to check the effect once a month.
During this special period,I studied as if I will die tomorrow though the labour was very hard.After I attain my dream,I know that my labour is very valuable.I never regret!
Let me introduce my life in the future.
In the first place, it is essential that I claim accomplished my education in junior high school.
Furthermore, it is high time for us to that I also need to study hard.
If I can get advantageous grades.
So, I will have a very advantageous and responsible University, and the University enjoy great prestige in the world.
More importantly, the history department required is one of the best in China.
Because I likes history, especially the history of Egypt culture.
What I hope for is that one day I can go around the world for visit and investigation.
What's more, if there's a day that I can visit Egypt, I'll have a research on the mummies in the Pyramid.
In order to realize my dream to become an Archaeologist.
I will study hard in the University.
Except, I'll work very hard on my English, because Egyptians is speaking English nowadays, and with the ability of speaking English free.
What'more, I should also be competent in deal with interpersonal relationships.
I'll be able to travel around the world.
This is my life in the future.
What's more, I'm sure my dream will come true because of my hard work and I think my life in the future will be advantageous.
What's more we need to go all out.
Genius are one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
The last I wish everybody can dream come true.
My ambition is to be an astronaut.
I want to explore the mysteries which I don't know.
And I want to find a new environment for people to live.
Living with stars along my side.
I have to study more information about Earth and the space.
And I have to make my English more better.
Because NASA is in U.S.A.
The goal may be too difficult to achieve,but it is still my dream and my ambition.
I think I have to study harder than others,having more curiosity to every thing.
After achieving the goal,I can go to the plant what I forward to visiting.
And by visiting the plant,I can help more people even Earth.
University life is mysterious.Suddenly,I have already came to the college life.About university life,l am full of curiosity,one of the best things about university life is living away from home,I have freedom to do whatever i want to do.But just came to the university,I feel lonely and nervous,especially i miss my parents very much ,because this is the first time away from my parents.
In spite of this ,I still keep happy ,it gives me a lot of benefits.For example,i can make friends with my classmates or other people.I can give happy for my roommates ,so they call me little funny than.I think the university life let I learned to independence .I learned how to get along with other people ,I believe I will become better and better.
The rapid development of our society drives us to the point where the need for access to natural resources is increasing and more people are making greater demands upon them.
But the phenomena reflect human's ignorance which would pay back one day such as deforestation,gas emission,soil erosion,etc.
Many people are suffering from extreme climates,acid rains or food poisoning now.It's obvious to see that we are the victims of our own actions.
It's high time that environmental problems should be recognized as an essential source of threats to human survival.On the one hand,hazardous substances should be controlled to allow for proper treatment while residuals for safe disposal.But on the other hand,if human beings continue to take measures after polluting the environment instead of departing from the vicious circle,a horrible disaster is around the corner.
To everyone's knowledge,we should spare no efforts to help avoid those "man-made" disasters.Be concerned about the environment we are living in and take a serious attitude towards the ignorance when we are taking actions.
Recently there have been many reports of Low-Carbon lifestyle.
It turns a new page of advanced lifestyle in China, and will have far-reaching effects in the forth coming years.
The biggest benefit, in my eyes, is that Low-Carbon lifestyle are good for your mind , body and soul.
To take part in this lifestyle, we need more health.
In addition , if people change their lifestyle, we can save energy and reduce emissions.
In brief, Low-Carbon lifestyle is nothing but the best choice for us and only in this way can we form a harmonious relationship with the environment.
Apart from the benefits mentioned above , we should also face several unavoidable challenges.
In the first place, we young people should lead Low-carbon lifestyles.
In the second place, use public money to help the poor make the transition to a Low-Carbon lifestyle.
What's the most important , we can take part in some activity about Low-carbon as much as we can so that acquire more knowledge about how to live a Low -Carbon life.
Only when we deal with these problem successfully can we benefit the most from Low-Carbon lifestyle.
I never thought one day I could to be a teacher.So many years,the only thing I do is to learn to be a good student.I finished the homework my teachers ordered,reciting the articles.All I have learned that was to learn how to learn but how to teach.
I never want to be a teacher,but today,I should teach the middle school.Suddenly,I'm a little afraid.I don't know if I can take the responsibility.When the student asked me questions,I should remember nothing.
It's unbelievable.Who can tell me the answer?If this means I will forget the knowledge I have learned,I don't want this happen.
So,this means my English is not good.I should do more practice.Maybe one day I will to be a qualified teacher.
When we are talking about the excessive packaging of commodity,It's no longer a new topic in our daily life.
Firstly,I think the most important reason is the market competition.Every business wants to develop themselves better.Secondly,the business are looking forward to earning much money.So they use kinds of way to the commodity packaging and lead to excessive packaging.The last but not least,I think it's about the mind of customers.More and more customers are pursuing exquisite packaging.
How to deal with this problem?In my opinion,On the one hand,I think that the government should strengthen the market management.
To reduce the excessive packaging.On the other hand,the business should to ensure the quality of the commodity, not only to pursue the excessive packaging.In addition,the customers should set up a right consumption view.The excessive packaging doesn't mean the good quality of commodity.
It's not necessary to spend lots of money for the packaging.
A good school should have a good teacher.What is a good teacher?
I think that the good teacher rich in knowledge.This is very important.And then the good teacher is intersting and amusing .In order to make the relationship between the students and teachers become better So a good teacher love to talk to students.
Students get good grades in exams.So like to give students a lot of tests; love to talk to students.But I don't think that is a good teacher.
On the holiday.Have the Spring Festival, I was at home have the Spring Festival, but I have done a very meaningful thing.
Let me benefit.
The day, I got up very early, because I got a phone call last night, so I took part in an activity of my junior high school classmates, make a micro film.
However, I was very happy, because this is my first try and I become an actor first.
When micro film play it, I feel very tired, but feel very substantial.
Because in the filming process, I learned a lot, learn teamwork, dedication, professionalism.
I benefited.
Last weekends I helped my mom to make too much chores,but I still felt happy.First,Icooked breaketfast,after the breaketfast I did the dishes andsweep the floor.then Iwashed the clothes and help my sister make the bed.Next I cleaned the living roomand water the flowers.Finally I washed the clothes and took out the rubbish.I didn'twatch TV until 13:00.I felt very tired but my mom was happy.
More and more Chinese internet users found the pleasure of online shopping.The CNNIC said,there were more then eight thousand seven hundred million Chinese bought things on the Internet in the first half-year,that means there are a quarter Chinese netizens had experiences of online shopping.And most of them are eighteen to thirteen-year-old students or white-collar works.The income of them are about one thousand yuan to three thousand yuan a month.
Woman shops on line more the man did.Cloth and household products is the most popular thing on the online shop.
We expect that the trend of online shopping will be just increases and never decreases.That reflects the strong increase of the Chinese economy.
There's always a debate on whether to live in a dorm or not.
Everyone has got his or her decision,and mine is to live off campus.
Many people who prefer to live on campus would say that students could get in touch with each other easily and make more friends when they live in a dorm.
But when you live off campus,you are just single.
Surely I admit that saying is right to some extent,but the disadvantages outweigh the advantages of living on campus to me.
First,when living on campus,I may hace to meet people I don't like in that we live in the same room.
Second, I have to obey the rules such as the limit of using electric appliances.It is really inconvenient.
I couldn't stay just alone and in silence to think or take a rest.
I couldn't have secrets I live with people in one room.
That bothers me.
If I live off campus,I can live a comfortable and free life without being disturbed by those annoying people,without the electric limitation,without the trouble brought by others.
In a word,I prefer the life off campus.
According to a recent air quality report, air pollution is becoming more and more serious.
Quite a few people have unpleasant associations with air pollution.
Also an increasing number of environmental experts think that collective effort will be of great benefit to the settlement of the air problem.
This opinion is now being accepted by all city residents.
In view of the seriousness of this problem, effective measures should be taken before things get worse.
I come up with a good way to deal with air pollution at present.
It is indisputable that we ought to move up the technology ladder.
No one can deny the fact that technology is the most important aspect of resolving problem.
All of us know that serious air pollution in a big part of the reason is due to the city industrialization.
Given that we noticed this factor, we ought to get to the root of the air pollution by developing environmental protection technology.
We should encourage factories not only adopt the advanced manufacturing facility but also get rid of previous outdated technology.
In this way, we can absolutely reduce the emission of the polluted and poisonous gases so that the air pollution will be resolved as early as possible.
In summary, I would like to say that air pollution is an issue that deserves immediate action.
As long as we solve the air problem in time, we can lead a green and healthy life.
In this fast-paced society, most people believe in the opinions hold by majorities, since they don't have enough time to think those opinions deeply while they are busy and tired.
Right opinions hold by majorities will indeed benefits the society, but mistakes the majorities made will definitely made much bigger impact on it.
As dozens of historical events shows, opinions hold by majorities are mostly put into the opposite position against great and revolutional things.
Indeed, opinion of the majority is a poor guide.
To begin with, people living in this fast-paced society will definitely follow the benifits, and mostly following the crowd is the most easy way to get benefits.
Once more and more people join in the group of majority, they will feel a great sense of security for their must-be benefits provided by their enourmous.
Those who didn't agree with these opinions at first will also be forced to accept them under the great pressure of the public.
For instance, during the period of the Cultural Revolution in China, a great amount of talented people are forced to give up their valuable skills and knowledge, which directly cause the halt of economical development in China for decades.
The civilans during this period were mostly protecting their own benefit and dare not to challenge the majority which led by the decision of government.
With this psychology, everyone will try his best to against those who didn't match the opinion of majority.
Today the decision made in that period has proved wrong, but obviously majority is definitely a poor guide which will cause a great impact upon the society.
On the other hand, the opinion of majority might become large obstacle for one to success or make a revolutional innovation.
Take the story of Copernicus' Heliocentric Theory for instance.
This lagendary theory used to be unaccepted by the public and church in that age for about 50 years until the invention of the first astronomical telescope.
Since most of people still believed in the classical theory of Aristotele and obstinate religious thought, few people accept this revolutional theory.
Though the truth defeated public opinion in the end, the opinions possessed by majority still provide a great obstacle for Heliocentric Theory to show its value and significant.
All in all, we should think seriously about the validity of majority's opinion rather than follow the major trend blindly.
The tragedy in the Cultural Revolution and the hardship that Heliocentric Theory went through are two examples of the consequences which caused by wrong or stubborn public minds, which warned human to avoid the second occurence of this sort of things.
In the long run .our Earth has changed a lot.for example.the air pollutions resulting from the car and truck.
The severe air pollution alarms humans of the heavy load we have project earth .but some people usually by car and fell trees .However, with the deepening of urbanization, more cars are needed, which will make the air pollution worse.
Therefore, Earth is our home .First, we should by bus go shopping and go to school.
Second, try hard to develop possible transportation means, which are enviromental friendly.we should project animals.because the are our frends.we should reduce ourself cars.because it is cause air pollution.to protect the environment.governments of many countries have done a lot.we are should save water.we can have a better and cleaner place in the future.
The custom of the qingming festival is very interesting, we can do many things, such as paying attention to the fire, the grave, and outing, swing, football, playing polo, and so on a series of activities.
According to legend this is because the tomb-sweeping day to cold food ban fire, in order to prevent the cold food cold injury body, so everyone to take part in some sports activities, to exercise.
Therefore, this festival both martyrs's New York live don't die from sad and bitter tears, have played by outing laughter again, is a rich characteristic holiday.
The short stories story Lottery is the classic trade of famous American novelist Shirly Jackson.
It narrators the story about the people of a small town held an anniversary activity of lottery, and the person whoever got the lottery used to be hit to death by stones for in order to gain of the following year.
The narrator centers on the actions and a simple language of each town from an objective perspective to reflect the blind obedience, less of rationality and cruel coldness of human nature of the whole town.
Responsibility for the lottery Samos (Summers),  English meaning "summer", the plural implies year or the passage of time;  his assistant green Wu Si(Graves), means "grave",  it is implied that each lottery results are a person's death,  also hinted that the place to touch color the activity itself should eventually -- this should also is the author the intention.
Drake soft (Delacroix) this name meaning "cross";  however,  the author at the beginning of the story for specific instructions,  the villagers always put the name wrong,  and totally forget about the correct pronunciation.
This is the profound meaning nature is related to the Christian,  the villagers had to correctly understand the true Christian doctrine.
In addition,  the crumbling of the broken stool with three legs,  be regarded as alluding to the lost authority of the trinity of theocracy.
That old black box,  it is a symbol of death,  but also a symbol of the tradition of the old and the villagers on the traditional chaotic and blind obedience;  in addition,  the black box is made of many years ago "residual wood" the old box built,  this detailed also hinted that the lottery by the representative of the traditional had deteriorated and far behind the times.
It is rather complex.
But I think the most key or "lottery" is also no doubt that,  Democratic majority rule is not to be trusted,  because it is unable to avoid or eliminate the depths of human nature of power and money,  greed,  suffering of others remain indifferent towards sth.
And take pleasure in other people's misfortune of their escape disaster.
Therefore,  "the lottery" although also criticizes the unreasonable traditional, various power forms,  that male chauvinism,  but the target center it is even democracy is unable to stop the dark.
Details of a lot of readers are unacceptable,  even multiple victims, traditional power and patriarchal he wife,  also a selfish person -- in order to reduce their chance of pumping in the lottery,  she rebelled against there requirements of the Convention,  marry big daughter also participated in the second round of lottery.
and technology, to foresee the prospect of human society, or from the perspective of the political system to deny state machine against humanity, all these works from the Angle of the social system or rule, the questioning and criticism of reality.
"Grab" continue and deepen the theme it in question is not known by the imperialism, colonialism, or fascism SINS, but is expected to "majority rule" - democracy.
of democracy, the so-called everybody have an equality of opportunity and social activities, the democratic method could also be still by individuals and even the killing of collective atrocity, collective kill the his wife decided to column of the same matter.
It so relentlessly broke people on the illusion of democracy, ruthlessly confirmed that "democracy is in addition to other forms has tried, the worst form of rule".
Finished also has some experience in the first place or search superstitious persecution of people, and then know the darkness of the society, the last really admire with the author said, can still under the weight of the society persistent forward, digging for her novel the darkest and most candid, is society made me sit up and take notice.
Have you ever see a lot of elephants were killed just for the two elephant's tusks ?Have you ever seem many beer were killed only for their antler?yes,you must have noticed that.Maybe you also want to persuded them stop killing,only because your power is very small,the killer think money is the most important.But now let's try our best to make things better,let's help human stop buying,it's because no business,no killing.
Our society worthship money and statue ,It seems that if you have enough money that you have everything,so in order to earn enough money,a lot of people despite consciencet denounces try their best to earn more money just for make their life better.
But killer,when you make your familly live a better life,maybe you think you just killed an animal,but the fact is the animal also has his own familly,on the other hand,the reason why so many people choose to kill is just because the need of it.
In our society,a lot of productions make by some rare animalst,some medical,some cloth,and some food,and so on.if our customers refuse to use those things,the works will not product that.the important reason is the business between producters and customers.
So let's stop the business,let's help our friend to grow,no business,no killilg.if everyone do it,the reasult is that our earth will more and more beautiful,our family will became more and more friendly.
As we can see in the picture,a butcher has sold some meat to a woman very happy beacuse the meat with water sold out.Meanwhile,the woman glances at the butcher and thinks that a false 100-yuan note used.
What a funny action in the picture,but we can find many coincidences in our daliy life.
In order to earn themselves benefit,they can deceive other people without hesitate.They loss their natural honesty so that they can't believe each other any more.
If they are honest to each other ,they will benefit from each other.
In my opinion,what the vital quality for a person is honesty.It can help us open ourselves heart to others and also give our more opportunity to read others action.So ,we need honesty but deceive , We need creat a homoney enviornment to make us live better.
Remember,honesty is the best policy.
Today my english teacher asked us to write a composition about problems of my life.I feel a little confused.It seems that my life goes well so far.I have no problems with it.I abide by the law,and go to school on time.respect my teachers and parents and so on.So i find I have nothing to sty on this topic.In another word,I think I'm perfect as a students.I am a student and I have so many problems that I must work hard at school.So I have no time to do some sports and we don't speak to our classmates.I can't watch TV at home.play computer games or listen to music.I free too tired.
I've also got a problem of easily for getting things.I am the monitor of our class.One day .When I arrived home after school .I suddenly remembered that my homework sheet was left in the classroom.So I ran back to my home school in a hurry trying to get it.As soon as I stood in front of the door of our classroom.I reailsed that the key of the door.Which was kept by me.The monitor was put on my tableat home.Oh no.How serious this problem is.I really need to correct it.
Personality exhibited the moral character of a person .Everyone have a distinct character .As for me ,I have my own personality .I am optimistic though I often have few words in the public.When I face misfortune ,my optimistic character will help me tide over the difficulties.Sometimes I am not that enthusiasm for people and someone will view me as a cold person,but to tell the truth I am an easygoing person.I try my best to familiar to the strangers.Good character make people success ,as a teenager we should develop a good character and we will achieve our success.
What I want to stress is that each of us should listen more to others.
Show your respect and never stop others till they finish their talk; show you are interested by a supportive silence or a knowing smile; be open-minded to different opinions even though you don't like them.
In a word, good listening can really enable us to get closer to each other.
With the development of the society and the business,more and more people worry that they have not get a job.However,there are some other people happy that they succeed in the job interview easily.
In accordance with this phenomenon,I want to say that those people who fail to get a job should learn some skill to reply to their job interview and I think it may be helpful to you.
Firstly,you should be confident.As we all know,so many people around us are very famous.Do you know why they are famous?They are very confident.When they are communicating with others,they make themselves related and they are always humorous.So,when you are in a job interview,you should try your best to make it.
Secondly,you should care your body language .As far as I'm concerned it is one of a barrier to succeed in your job interview.I want you know that you should change the style of sitting,wear a normal uniform with a tie and change some bad habits for yourselves,even though it is a little difficult.For example,when you confront to the interviewer,you should remember to look at them instead of staring at them.
Lastly but not least,you should learn your own professorial knowledge well.I think if you don't have ideal technology,when you are in the job interview,you may not say some useful things to persuade interviewer to admit you.So,your knowledge is essential.
Sometimes how to make friend is not an easy task for students.
The picture show that a boy give money to a girl , the boy say this is my present .
And, they become friend .
In my opinion, money can not buy true friendship ,if people make a friend by using money , they will not get alone with themselves .
So,true friendship should communicate between two persons .
What is more, friendship should not use money to exchange.
In my life ,I always share my happiness with my friend,they also share their happiness too .
Sometimes, I also give them small presents , however , those presents are making by myself.
I also tell them my sad things ,they are willing to listen my pour out .
Of course , if they make mistakes ,I will piont out without hesitation, because I believe true friendship is not false.
first occurred in my mind, I unexpectedly found that I can't come up with an accurate answer for this common question.
Generally speaking, most people may regard success as the fact of becoming rich or famous or of getting a high social position.
People like Bill Gates or Steve Jobs are always perceived as excellent examples to account for the word "successful".
However, in my point of view, success is hard to define because its definition varies from person to person.
It even means different things to the same people at different times.
If a man who makes up his mind to travel around the world and he finally achieves his goal, we all agree that he is a successful person although he may not be rich or famous or powerful.
Therefore, sparing no efforts to obtain something you want and reach the target you set definitely is a big success, no matter how great it seems like.
This is my viewpoint on the definition of success.
Dear Teacher.
I travel last week.just back.Home work is late.
In the early days of new China, ship surveys by new China were not admitted by the international community.
New China's ocean ships could do nothing but used the certificates issued by the Register of Shipping Soviet Union when they went through the world customs.
Today, China has leaped to be the second largest shipbuilding country producing one third of the ordered ships in the whole world.
This remarkable progress bears a great relationship with CCS, which is responsible for ship survey and certification.
In the symposium of China Shipping Figures in the Past 60 Years,the reporter had a dialogue with Li Kejun, the president of CCS.
According to Li, each stage of shipbuilding, from design, construction, sailing to maintenance, should be supervised by the classification society.
Therefore, the classification society, as the nerve center of one person, connects to each nerve of shipping and shipment industry.
CCS has gone through a history full of difficulties.
However, CCS has stood all the tests.
Now, CCS not only won the recognition from the international community but also twice chaired the International Association of Classification Societies (IACS).
Behind the honors are unyielding perseverance, wisdom and courage of CCS.
As can be seen from the picture, the buildings cough with breathing mask in the cloudy sky, which means air pollution is extremely serious nowadays.
Therefore, it's high time that we should take measures to protect our air.
My suggestions that how to make the air cleaner are as followings.
Firstly, the numbers of private cars should be cut down so that the blowdown of automobile exhaust will decrease.
What's more, our government should launch new limited bans for many factories to reduce the poison gas emission.
at random.
In a word,if we can do as my suggestions,the air will be cleaner and cleaner.
Nowadays,the low-carbon lifestyle comes to capturing people's attention and becoming more and more popular.Quite a few people have also come up ways to live a low -carbon lifestyle such as by using clean energy replacing the traditional fossil fuels.
A low-carbon lifestyle refers to a kind of lifestyle consuming less energy thus producing less carbon dioxide,which is very harmful to the environment.As we all know,excessive carbon dioxide can cause the temperature of the Earth to rise ,which will result in global warming.Low-carbon lifestyle is both good for our health and the environment system.
As a college student,I have an obligation to protect our environment.I make up my mind to develop a low-carbon lifestyle by making small changes in daily life.I will ride my bike instead of taking a bus as much as possible.Besides,I will switch off the lights every time before I leave my room.In addition,I will persuade my mother as well as my neighbors into using electricity to replace the fossil fuels to cook.
The parents,the children,which is more important?We all need to ponder the problem.
Many people concern about the generation than the older generation,they take good care of their childern,but they ignore their parents.
A series of problems follow.Most parents don't live with their children together,so it's easy for them to produce a lonely mood.If parents older,their action is not flexible.As their children,we should go home more often,clean the house even do some housework.At ordinary times,we could always call them,chat with them and share something new with them.They may be very happy.In fact,they request to us is not much,we should meet their demands and respect their wishes.
The older are similar to the children,they all need to be loved.Therefore,give the parents more love and care.Let them live at ease.
That's how to deal with haze problem.
We will hold a compaign activity to inform  people haze knowledge at Binjiang dao on May 1st.
This activity can not only  let us improve consciousness about the enviornment but also protect the environment.
The most important thing is that we allowed Grade one and Grade two students to join in it.
There is no doubt that they must have responsibility and be active.
Only in this way can we achieve our goal.
Last but not least, if you are interested in the activity, please sign up in monitor.
And if you have any problem, please contact  Li Hua.
In a word, we must spare no effort to protect the environment and attach importance to haze problem.
Currently, the news about the News week to shut down its print edition has widely aroused the attention of the readers.
Opinions are divided on this question.
Someone tends to hold the view that the newspapers should be printed, while the others believe that digital tablet edition can catch up with the trend.
I have reflected on this issue for a long time.
Newspaper has been and will always be an indispensable tool for us to get news.
From my point of view, I am in favor of the digital version.
To illustrate my point, I would like to point out some advantages of the digital tablet version.
As we all know, one of the most significant features of news is latest.
Digital version can update much immediately to make sure to provide the latest news to the readers, in other words, the readers will get the news at the first time.
Furthermore, digital newspaper offers an easier way to know the news.
For instance, we can read the digital news on the bus, or during class break.
No matter when and where, if only we had time, we have the chance to see it.
Instead, we could not bring the printed newspaper everywhere.
More importantly, digital newspaper, to some extent, is more environmentally friendly.
The papers are saved, so is the forests.
To tell the truth, after reading the newspaper, the newspaper is not newspaper any more.
It is merely a piece of waste paper.
In addition, the courage of the traditional newspaper is limited.
It cannot cover all the information, while the digital edition can.
A wide range of news appears on the internet, so we can choose to read according to our interests.
Last but not least, digital tablet version may boost the development of the electronic products, which might stimulate consuming so as to develop the domestic economy.
Although the dissidents can also list lots of reasons to support the traditional newspaper, I still prefer the digital one.
There is no doubt that the digital newspaper can get the population in the near future.
At the beginning, we can see the boy and his mother walking on the street, and suddenly his foot was stuck in the iron ring.
With his mother's help he gets out the trouble.
His mother never thinks gump is different.
They live in the country of Greenbow, and they have a big house, and had come across about thousands years ago since it was just Gump and his mather and they had all the empty rooms but the mother rented it out to make money.
She always said to him that he is no different than others else.
And the mother always had a way of explaining things so gump could understand them.
Although Gump's IQis only 75, the Principa of the school thinks hin is different and doesn't want him to school.
But the mother wants Gump to have the finest education she took her son to the Greenbow country central School to get educated.
Finally, under the mother argued Gump finally entered the school.
I am very glad to hear from you.
I am very happy to tell you my hobbies.
I have many hobbies, but my favourite hobby is reading books.
As I grow older, I like to read more.
I often spend too much time reading books and I often tell some interesting stories to my friends, too.
But I always do my homework first.
I think hobbies can make us grow and make us happy, but I thiNk study is also important.
Today my speech topic is how to take part in evacuation drill.In our shool,every term will hold the evacuation drill.It was known to all that this activity wants to teach us how to face the dangrous situations.It aiso can teach us some knowleges and skills in these aspects and improve our abilities to protect and save ourselves.
Nevertheless,when this activity was helding ,students are not serious about this.For example,sometimes students are going to laugh and talk loudly.So,in my opinion we should keep calm and quiet,listen to the signs about drill.
My speech is over.I hope you can take my advice.Thank you!
There is an extremely famous saying: "Actions speak louder than words.
"Previously, I couldn't appreciate the saying completely, but after the pieces afterwards, I had a profound comprehend to it.
As all humans, we hate to be promised with something that is never done with action.The government has repeatedly to the guarantee of food safety problems will be strict inspection and supervision, but in recent years the illegal activities about food safety are emerged in endlessly .Milk powder, steamed bread, pork, various unhealthy food harm people's health.
The public is so angry about this that they claim to the government to give a satisfactory dispose.
After that,some merchants was dismissed from his post for gaining dishonest profits while more of them was sentenced to life imprisonment or death.
The public indicated that the express terms were far more trusted than the oral promises.
Nowadays TV PK shows are great hits in China and have attracted many young people.
Some youngsters even give up their studies to attend these shows in the hope of becoming famous overnight.
Some people think these shows provide young people more chance to show talents, while others believe that attending these shows does no good to the young people.
As for me, I prefer to the latter opinion.
It should be admitted that some young people like Li yuchun has stood out from the numerous attendants in the PK show, but that doesn't mean attending the PK shows is a good way to become successful for young people.
The following reasons can support my view.
Firstly, TV PK shows breed restlessness and induce young people to hunt after fame at whatever cost.
Secondly, TV PK shows can subvert the youngsters' values.
They think attending the PK shows is a shortcut to the success, so they may despise the way of achieving success by hard work.
Finally, if the young people fail in these shows, they will suffer a psychological unbalance.
In a word, entering for TV PK shows is not a good way for young people to make a success.
I suggest young people should think twice before deciding to attend PK shows.
After learning unit five from our testbook , I knew that Gender roles refer to the set of social and behavioral norms that are considered socially appropriate for individuals of a specific sex in the context of a specific culture, and which differ widely between cultures and historical periods.
Over the history , gender-role revolutions happened many times .
In different days in one place or in the same time in different places , males and females played the different role in the society .
When gender roles changed , gender-role revolution happened .
Moreover, in China .there was the patrimonial society long time age .
The men in their families, by way of the decision makers, controlled their families.
