It tells the story of a group of elite lawyers in Boston.
I obtained numerous useful expressions from those lawyers' compelling court debates and lengthy closings, which contribute greatly to my vocabulary arsenal.
Meanwhile, I gained new insights into American culture.
I had a better understanding of American judicial system, developed my awareness of hot issues in US, such as ordinary people's opinions about 911, current state of the homosexual, etc, and grew an appreciation of American literature.
Friends benefit me tremendously in the process of English learning, too.
On weekends, I always have dinner with my friends, Florence and Alexandra, and I have learned much from them.
Florence is dubbed as "lexicologist", and she is a fanatic of vocabulary.
She is always enthusiastic about teaching us how to distinguish synonyms.
One day, Florence even compelled us to listen to her passionate "lecture" on the difference between chest, breast and bosom, which made us speechless.
But to be frank, she really taught us a lot in her unique way.
Unlike Florence, Alexandra has great interest in American pop culture.
Every time we meet, she keeps telling me some elements of American culture.
It is her that awakens me to the development of 7-11, the big hits of grammy, and even varied taste of donuts.
Sometimes, just by looking at the items in hand can assist us in language learning.
Have a look at our daily-cares.
Johnson, Safeguard, Luxury, Pantene--The list is endless.
And only with a click, we can search all the information about the origins and underlying meanings of these brands.
Effortlessly, we can build up our vocabulary and expand our minds.
Admittedly, we acquire much knowledge in the classroom.
But not in the least does it mean that language learning should be confined in the classroom.
As long as we are open-minded and always ready to learn, we can proceed with our language learning anywhere.
If you intend to do something,you should do it without saying it.
I have a lot of friend to play basketball with me because I love basketball.
When I chat with them,all of they said that them want to play basketball forever.But they haven't trained difficultly as the Professional basketball player.They gave up after they had known how difficultly the Professional basketball players trained.
As we all know ,the first step is as good as half over and a watched pot never boils.Everybody is various.In this way ,we should try our best to chase who is more intelligent than us.The fire is the test of gold; adversity is the test of a strong man.When we have to face to difficult ,we should know patience and the application will carry us through.Never do things by halves.
Everyone has a dream .If you want to make your dream came turn ,you should try your best to do it.Nobody cannot win unless they train.
One day,I alone think about English problems.When I am in a mystery.My friends help me to solve the prolem.
I thank my friends to help me solve the problem.From hereafter,as soon as I have problem my friends.
We set up a study group.If so the problem very difficult that we don't solve the problem.We'll the teacher for help.By studying group learning English and by asking the teacher for help is my secret of learning English.If you want to learn English, you also find a way.Your English level will be better and better.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly,I like English very much.I think English is very important.
Secondly,many people speak English,that is to say,English is used widely.
Thirdly,learning English has changed my habits.Since I learned English,I have become very hard.And learning Engliah has told me that:"Never Give Up.
"In a word,English is a part of my life.
A harmonious family is important to our personal development and our physical and mental health.
Everyone wants to have a harmonious family.
It has a lot of characteristics.
A harmonious family is filled with warmth, love and joy.
The family needs to love, respect and understand each other.
The benefits of harmonious family are two points.
The children who grow up in such a harmonious family will be optimistic and cheerful.
Also, the parents who live in such a harmonious family will be healthy and happy.
Parents play an important role in building up a harmonious family.
First, parents should be a model for their children.
Second, parents should pay more attention to their own words and behaviours.
Finally, parents must believe their children and often communication with them.
I think sometimes we should also respect and understand our parents.
Friendship is a very important emotion , and it makes a very essential influence in our life .On the one hand ,it has many advantages in our studies .
Forexample, it is better for you to have some friends that have the same professional studies with you.
Therefore, when you meet some difficulties , you can ask them for help .
Meanwhile , you can communicate with your friends about study topics.
Such as how to find a good way of improving your study efficiency or talking about dream and career with friends .
On the other hand , friendship plays a critical role in our daily life .
First of all , if you get something introuble , friends can give you necessary heip.When something makes you sadness or annoyance,friendship is the best medicine to cure your anguish.They can help you toget out of the bad mood ,and comfortable you.
In addition, friendship can make your life become more and more wonderful.
It doesn't make you feel loneliness,because friends will accompany you.If you are puzzled for a choice,they will give you more useful suggestion.Also,your friends' behavior can affect yours .
When you stand big pressure,you can chat with your friends about your idea.Never forget your friends whenever what you encounter.You must believe the power of friendship.All in all,friendship is very important for us,and it makes a great influence in our study and daily life.
Everyone has the equal chance to success,realizing their dream.Why someone succeeded and someone failed.We should know that chance is given to those who have prepared.
Many people envy other people's success.At the same time,they blamed God,thinking God is eccentric and doesn't give them the opportunity.On the contrary,they don't consider their own reasons and don't to do any efforts for achieving dream.
As far as I can see,God is fair to everyone.
If you constantly improve yourself, when you meet with chance you can get succeeded.
Even if you don't get any efforts, the opportunity will slip away from you don't find.
Don't blame to someone and something, everyone just as much chance of success.
With the rapid development of tourism in china, a growing number of tourists are swarming into the famous scenic spots every year.
According to a recent newspaper, many famous sites of historical interest in China have begun or are considering charging tourists higher entry fees during peak travel seasons.
This news has aroused a lot of public attention and also become a heated discussion among people these days.
People are holding different views.
As far as I can see, this suggestion is not bad at all.
As the economy develops at an amazing speed in China, people live a better life and therefore pay more attention to the immaterial things.
The most obvious sign is the large growing number of tourists.
When holidays come, people choose to visit the famous scenic spots to enrich their spiritual life.
However, the crowds of people in the famous sites have unfortunately turned to be a serious problem of congestion.
As a result, more damage of famous sites of historical interest is caused.
What's worse, the environment there is deteriorating by the visitors who litter rubbish everywhere, spit to the ground, and scrawl on the walls or tree trunks.
These problems are more serious during the peak travel seasons.
If the entry fees are raised, one the one hand, people will start to consider whether to visit the historical sites or not.
Some of them may decide not to go due to the higher entry fees.
As a result, the crowds of visitors in the historical sites can be easily reduced.
In the meantime, less damage of those historical sites will be caused due to fewer visitors.
The demand of protection of historical sites can be satisfied to some extent.
On the other hand, when the famous scenic spots charge higher entry fees from visitors, they can have more budgets for reconstruction of the damage done by immoral people.
The environment problem can also be helped.
In a word, in order to relieve the congestion as well as damage of tourism spots, we must take some measures to control the number of visitors, especially during the peak travel seasons.
Raising the entry fees of the famous sites of historical interest is no doubt a good method and will benefit a lot.
As knowen to us all,anyone who just attracted to become a famous human ,then on the grands of that they only cared about these anonymous things what us could not finished.
For one thing,as the sayings that,'just do little thing well,you'll have achivement soon.
'so do I.Everyday,follow the schedule that I erly planed do something.
In the other hand,some books or histry hero what we know,looks in ther child period that at war they have difficulty in anything,but who have a huge of confident and the courage to achive whatever things.
All above,I bilieved 'Do little thing' just like do it seriously,anyone can found youself's achivement.
The main plot of the story is that the dove has to remove its nest because of the strange smell that it thinks the smell wafts from the nests,but it doesn't work,the dove removed the nests for many times but the strange smell wafts around it as before.
The terrible thing puzzles it for a long time.
Thus, it resolves to turn to asking for the dove which is experienced, and finally it realizes that it was its own body that gives out the strange smell.
It is vividly showed that the dove failed to find the true reason of the wafting of the strange smell.It wants to wipe off the unpleasant smell just by removing the nest, but it is not aware of that the way to remove cannot solve the problem, and the unpleasant smell still waves around the dove to annoy it and leads to a bad mood.After it removed its nests for several times, the smell still exists,it should turn to find the other reason at that moment.Sometimes,the other reason may be from ourselves.
After reading the fable,it tells us a fact that sometimes we cannot find the truth of one thing and it may confuse us for a long time,at that moment,we should try to find another reason, and for many times,we must exam our own conscience.Therefore,if there is something wrong in the thing we are concentrated in,we should learn to find the real reason from ourselves instead of being annoyed by the external reason.
Besides, that we cannot know ourselves clearly is the main reason for us to turn a wrong direction,so we should learn to know ourselves in a clear way.
It may sound ridiculous, but it is true for many times.
To sum up, we should try to find the true reason from ourselves and learn to know ourselves indeed,try not to owe all the responsibilities to others.
With the development of society, there is a joke around young people .The joke is "Quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world.
I've done it hundreds of time''.According to this show today's young people lack the strong will, do not know insist .
So the strong will is an important guarantee of success.
If people without a strong will, people will not succeed.
So the strong-willed person to complete the mission of the great.
If students do not study hard ,they will not become useful until and have not succeed .
So students must have strong will .
All in all.there is no instant success in this world.
Strong will is the best policy tomake your life distinct and yourdreams come true.
English is easy,but you must be careful with learning words.I am glad to help you remember English word.Here is some advice for you.
First of all,it's important to read English word aloud every day.What's more,you should remeber 10-20 words a day.Because it is good for you.At last,it's a best way to write down the mistakes on your notebook.And why don't you write down correct words next to mistakes.
In a word,I suggest you remember words every day.You cannot forget English words quickly if you listen for my advice.
Now more and more students are under pressure.
It's reported that too much pressure makes the smartest student a fool.
Not only do they feel tired, but also they progress slow in study.
In my opinion, the pressure may derive from the parents' expectation and the students requests for themselves.
First, with the development of technology and education, the competition in the society becomes more and more fierce.
No wonder many parents wants their children to get good grades in the exams, to go to the best college and finally have access to the company.
Second a lot of students who are very strict with themselves.
They want to reach the top in the class and have a better impression on their teachers' eyes.
So they feel overloaded on their shoulders.
As parents, we should think highly of our children's mental and physical health.
Instead of too much pressure, the most important is giving them courage and caring.
For us, we should balance between work and rest.
To take some activities, it can relax ourselves.
As is shown in the picture, the question the son asks is about nuclear wasting which is such a big and macroscopic problem, while the problem which the father pays attention to is just a little thing which is empty the dustbin.
Obviously, the son always thinks about all world and human, while his father just wants him to take care of the little things besides him.
Many people will say the boy's thought is stupid and useless, and some one will say the father is so stubborn.
But in my opinion, i think the son's thought should be favoured.
Nowadays, there are so many people who is only care about only things besides themselves and ignore others, so we need the people like this who focuses on the whole world and the human.
Maybe disposing our own things well can make us be contented, but the only world we have must decline.
Anyway, the dad's opinion represents most people's and the son's should be more encouraged.
Because only we think in this way, can our earth be better.
.Nowadays online shopping is becoming a fashion, especially for young people.
We benefit a lot from online shopping.
In the first place, we can by things without going outside, so that we can spend more time doing things what we like.
In the second place, we will free from online shopping.
However, it is very crowd to buy things on traditional holidays at the supermarket.
What's more, it is a fashion for young people.
One coin has two sides.
There are some disadvantages of online shopping.
Firstly, we can't touch the things what we buy, such as we couldn't try on clothes, we couldn't taste of food.
Secondly, sometime it isn't safe online shopping; we may loss of our data carelessness.
The last but not the least, because of lacking face to face communion, it makes online shopping less reliable.
My hometown is Huainan city , which is a prefecture-level city with more than two million inhabitants in central Anhui province of east China .
It has a long history and was originally built along the Huai River .
Also , It is a major production center for coal and has a large capacity of power generation .
What's more , Huainan is also the cradle of bean curd .
It's said that bean curd was mistakenly invented for some immortal drug occasionally by Liu An , the king of Huainan in Han dynasty .
Until today , the city hosts China Tofu Cultural Festival on September 15 th every year .
In addition , the scenery in Huainan is also very beautiful .
There are many mountains and forest gardens here such as the Palgongsan , the Mountain Shungen and the Wolong forest garden .
For these reasons , Huainan was awarded The National Garden City years before .
College is big big study school.
I don't have time and i want to do during famter.I am hope have many time give me study and outdoor.My Aim.
I not only go to the college but also i major management pig.
I am feel terrifil because my major have many student.
When I was asked the country I'd like to go.Switzerland occurred to my mind.In my opinion,Switzerland is really a fantastic place for visiting.
It located in the middle of Europe,covering an area of 4.1 square kilometers.Switzerland has a population of 7.5 million people.The capital of Switzerland is Beme.Maybe you don't know about it,but you must hear about Geneva.It's one of the most fanous cities in the world.
Switzerland is a developed country in Europe.Do you know the countries around it?They are Austria,France,Italy and Germany.Switzerland is so beautiful that called"the garden of the world".
I know something else about Switzerland.It famous for the watch and the development of chemistry.What's more,if you love eating just like me,don't miss the food of Switzerland!
Because the students of senior grade 3 are preparing for the College Entrance Examination, which obtains us a great pressure of studying; so we need to strike a proper balance between studying and leisure.
We will go to the Fenghuang Mountain where we can get close to nature, appreciate the extraordinary landscape, breathe the fresh air and enjoy the sunshine.
It can also relax yourself, release the stress and enhance your efficiency.
The gate of our school is where we assemble, and the time we depart will be at 8 o'clock on Sunday morning this week.
Shopping is the thing important in the history.People did this thing possiblely.And it developed now.So the way about itcalled online shopping.
It is a fashion way in the world.However,it also has good ways and bad ways.First,it is easily to buy and easily to get.But,on another hand,it is a thing easily to do bad things.
Finally,in my opinion,I like the way about shopping,because I am a lazy boy.
Now with the development of technology there are more and more digital products around us.
As college students, we are young person at the turning point in our lives but we just most of us sit at the turning all day.
Many students lack talent of social practice because they are being mouse potatoes.
I think that we could from the courage of some organizations to temper our wills and darinings.
We are in a golden age of a highly developed information.
Therefore, we could do something with PC completely except for online game.
Across the internet we can imporve information in ourselves real life.
We are standing in front of a group ages of people.
Believe me, we in the university have done is we used in the world.
Life has its ups and downs, and as Johnson well says, we must experience"... the intertwining threads of joy, pain, and occasional tragedy that weave through all our lives".
People might posse various ideas on what misfortune is even it might different for a person in a different period of life.
Personally, I often suffer a lot when something unexpected happens to me.
Frankly, I always couldn't persuade myself to feel not painful for a second when the news comes to me that the people I love so much get involved in a severe disease which may even threaten their life.
Till now, I have undergone these for four times.
And each time I couldn't help to crying and worrying and it's hard for me to concentrate on anything else except into endless agony.
Meanwhile, it is an extremely hard time when I failed to pass an exam or get the expected marks in that I am dedicated about being excellent in every aspect, and study is the one I care most.
I would feel that the whole world is dropping down.
Still, I am easily to be affected by the relationship with my friends in that I am exceedingly shy to tell them what they have done hurt me.
Usaually, I try to ignore and accept the unpleasantness.
Yet, it's not in the long run.
It blows out periodically and nearly suffocates me.
For me, the happiest thing is to own a strong healthy body; the most joyful thing is to deal with my study well; the proudest thing is to get along well with my friends.
However, misfortune is similar to bombs bursting in the air.
It is unavoidable for me to go through the opposite.
Consequntly, what I can do and must do is to pray to be bestowed with enough courage to face and overcome them.
Once there was a pretty lady who called C. J. Walker always lost her hair when she was combing them.
Everyday she was worried about her hair because they were less and less.
She has tried many medicines, but none of them was effective.
One night, she had a magical dream.
She was dreaming to get some medicines which could help her to grow more hair.
In that dream, a man showed her some plants and told her that they could help her.
Next morning, she went to look after those plants without hesitation.
She tried the plants and used them to do her hair every day.
Soon her hair really grew faster.
After that, Madam C. J. Walker became more beautiful.
She also sold the plants to many other women who lost their hair.
Nowadays,more and more museum is going to be open to the public for free.In regard to this matter,my point is one coin has two said-es.
On the one hand,museum is an invisible spiritual assets,but not everyone is wealthiness enough to visit,just because of this,we need the free resources .First,it gives everyone an opportunity to through time and space to understand the long-standing history of China.
Second,it will expand our horizon and strengthen the position and role of art in the national life.
On the other hand,there are a lot of things will be happened when the museum open to the public for free.
First,the sample and the cultural relic will be stolen or harm.
Second,some bystanders will affect the cultural atmosphere.
To sum up, open the museum to public for free is nice,but we should have prefect administration.
first ,you should always speak english in your life .
There are many dancers encouraging me on the way when I grow up.Neverless X is the greatest dancer that inspired me.X is a younger and excellent dancer,she is also my best friend.She is a kind girl in life and on the stage she is a super star.
There are three aspects that she influences on me.First of all she is very working hard in the class.After class when I saw her,there are many sweats on her face always.Secondly,she very like dance.When we talk together,she has many questions about dancing ask for me.Last but not least,she is very charming on the stage.When she dance,she can enter a space in ther she forgot herself.
I feel very lucky that I have a good friend.She always gives me some encouragements.She inspired me not only on study,but also in the spirit.
My homeown is located in the northeast of Anhui Provience .It is a beatiful city and famous with coal.
But my birth place is a small village in Huainan.It is surrounded by a famous river whose name is Huaihe river .The clear water flowing quietly near my huose everyday.In summer ,I always liking seating in the ground and looking at the sky every evening .Even though my hometown is smal ,it has a quantity of earth where grows all kinds of crops.Walking along the narrow road ,breathing the freash air and you will fell that's so wonderful.Countryside is always peace and serenity.I still remember when I was young ,we ,all cherden got together to go swimming ,having a bath in river which makes you feel comefortable every summer day.And old people always would like to seat under the big tree,playing cheers or having a talk and etc.As a whole Its environment is very beautiful .
Apart from this ,my hometown is famous with the soup of beef .It really sweets good.And it has all sorts of fishes in fish ponds.It's big and weight.Not only the environment and specialty are beautiful and famous , but slao the people in my hometown is kind and good.They are willing to help people in trouble and they are very happy to welcom to one who comes fome everywhere to visit here.
This is my hometown ,a quiet and simple city.
Sadly, last month l failed an exam that more than 100 people performed.
Nevertheless my best friend, Tom, got the number one.
However, I am just at the bottom.
I feel terrible as a result that I decide to support an effort to study with Tom together.
Yet Tom agreed to take some measures to help me make rapid progress.
I aimed to move out of poverty.
Thus, I released a list of goals and study.
In addition, I will learn from Tom who studies very well and is enthusiastic.
With Tom's help and my effort, I make sure of myself.
It is well- known that knowledge is power.
In high school,teacher Li came to our school,and he said that "you have to undergo countless hardships and tremendous sacrifice to achieve any success.Whatever you 're going through ,tell yourself you can handle it.Compared to what others have been through,you're fortunate.
In the book ,it must be admitted that there is no better school than adversity.Teacher Li is asserted that let us learn how to improve the quality of our life .Take time to work ,it is the price of success.
Take time to think ,it is the source of power .Take time to read, it is the foundation of wisdom.Take time to be friendly,it is the road to happiness.Although I like teacher Li very much,as well as his words.However, I didn't do it as well as I said.
I feel so disappoint.
When I saw the teacher Li's book< The secret of success >,I thought about one sentence in the book,which is"you must focus on turning negatives into positives.
If you want it and you dream about it ,there's nothing that's going to stop you.So,in this term,I will try my best to study.It cannot be denied that I will be better.
In many people's eyes, loser is a bad word.No one want to be called a loser.
When you fail in an exam, you are a loser.
When you cannot finish your homework, you are a loser.
When we are not admitted to a good university, you may say you are a loser.
If a person lost his job, he is a loser.
However, from my point of view, I don't think these are the best description of this word.
Now let me interpret it in detail.
If a person lost all his property, he may be not a loser.
Anything he loses, he may get some day.
While if he is always depressed, it is proper to call him loser.
In spite of all the failure, the one can go on fighting for himself is not a loser.
He should be inspired.
On the contrary, when confronting to difficulties, a person may soon gives up his former dreams.
We can think him as a loser.
I meet a lot of people who just want to enjoy himself and don't want to struggle for his dreams.
He may have a variety of excuses.
This kind of people are totally loser.
For instance, in a football team, we call the team which lose the team a loser.
This is just the preface meaning.
However , a person who lose her dream is a real loser.
All in all, as a student, you can fail to achieve your goals at this moment, but you should try your best to fight for it.
If not, you may be a real loser.
point :I learned a lot of baout How to learn the best writing.
support 1:Took many notices about study of writing this subject.
support 2:I meeted writing teacher in first time.
support 3:This class changed my old writing proint.
That's my fist English writing class in my 2014.
I rember this ,because I learned a lot about writing study and I meeted my English teacher on 2014.This is my first English writing class.
I did not agree,society should be developed forward but back.
The advancement of modern technology is making people's life more comfortable and at the same time less human.
To those who enjoy the benefits of technology, there is no the better time to be alive than now, but to others life has been increasingly complex and stressful.
It can be realized that life is more complex because much of modern technology is not born to meet primary human needs, and many "unnecessary" inventions are producing negative effects on a living style that used to be relatively simple.
Those who cannot work with computers are disadvantaged and therefore helpless while the traditional skills and simple ways of life are fading away, never to return again.
Technology has turned this world into a different one full of wonders, some of them being too good to be true.
For example, mobile phone is playing an important role in our social and professional lives, whereas the Internet has connected people at every corner on the planet and beyond.
As a consequence, telecommuting may soon become a more common way of working as more people are doing part of their jobs from home.
Actually people are no closer to feeling happy in various respects because such technological developments are destroying many basic values of simple and easy lifestyles.
Computers in particular have made life less emotional since the more time people use the Internet, the less time they spend with human beings.
In making people's lives more enjoyable but more complex, technology seems as if sending plenty of blessings from heaven as well as sending plenty of evils from hell.
Today, with the development of the industry, many people have ignored the importance of the environmental protection.
So, it has become a major concern of society.
As we can see, there are different kinds of pollution everywhere.
They are air pollution, noisy pollution, water pollution and so on.
Besides, we sometimes can smell terrible air, which can do great harm to our health.
What's more, there are more and more rubbish on the land, and it has make the world very dirty.
In addition, the water pollution has make rivers and lakes look quite terrible, and it has killed different kinds of animals in rivers.
Many people have get sick after using the polluted water.
Therefore, in order to make the world more and more beautiful, we should try our best to protect the environment.
The people that got a doctoral degree have 2.5 percent of the unemployment rate in 2011.
The people that got a protessional degree have 2.4percent of the unemployment rate,and the master have 3.6 percent of the unemployment rate.The people that got a Baxhelor's degree have 4.9 precent of the unemployment rate.Besides,the people that got a associate degree and didn't got degree have 6.8 percent of the unemployment rate and 8.7 percent of the unemployment rate.some people only went to the high school,their unemployment rate is 9.4 percent.Some people have less than high school diploma,they have 14.1 percent of the unemployment rate.
Due to the different living style, historical culture and geographical position, there are many differences between China and the West.
And it is exist in our daily life.
There are three points of their differences between China and the West.
First, China differs from the West in marriage customs.
In China, the bride and bridegroom would in red because we believe the red color represents lucky and the wedding would be host in the bridegroom's house.
On the contrast, the western bride always in her white wedding gown and their wedding will be host in a church.
Second, fashion of diet is also a different one.
Chinese tend to sit around to enjoy the food placed in the middle and talk to each other, while the West is more casual in these occasions, they prefer to be independent and enjoy the food separate.
Third, compared with the West, the Chinese seems to be more modesty in expression of anger.
In the response to some uncomfortable things, Chinese are tend to efface in words or smile, although they do feel angry about the things.
However, westerner are straight-forwardness, they would point out and express their anger on the spot.
Given all this, we can find that there are some difference between China and the West.
Of course we can't say which is better or bad, because every China has its own culture and customs.
Nowadays,we found that many university students never say thanks to their parents.Why does this phenomenon occur.
First,parents and children living together.It's very familiar with each other.So it is shyness to say thanks to their parents.Second,children like to take actions rather than says.Such as a warm hug or buy some gifts.
As I said above,students can take actions to thanks their parents.For example,give them a warm hug when you went home or buy some gifts during the festival.Even,you can talking with them.It's a wey to thanks them as well.
Perhps,students should ovecome shyness,because they are your parents,no one will laugh at you.So say thanks to you parents directly.
We are glad to inform you that we had shipment the goods of No J-29 Sales Contract by "Pearl" and transshipment at Hongkong by the "May flower".This is about CIF according to clinch a deal.
We have sent the fax on Mar 15, 2013, ,so that your insurance in a timely manner.
I am L, coming from H. There are four people in my family, my parents, my brother and me.
We live happily.
I am fond of watching TV, listening to the music, especially pop music, and playing some sports, such as badminton.
My favourite star is Jackie Chen, because his KongFu is very good.
Honestly speaking, I am a gentle and a little shy girl.
I am very afraid of talking on big occasion.
When I was a child, I dreamt of becoming an English teacher.
Now I am admitted into the Guang Dong Polytechic Institute.
My dream job still is dreaming of becoming an English teacher.
Although my English grade is not good, I would try my best to improve it.
When I first arrived at the college, I was so nervous that I could not adapt to my college life quickly.
Everything seemed strange.
I worried that there were no friends playing with me.
To my surprise, my roommates were very friendly.
We got along well with each other.
I want to make more friends in 3 years.
From now on, I will study hard to improve my progress and create a colorful life in my college.
Hello everyone.
My name is L. Today I will make a speech about evacuation drill.
As we all know, our school will organize an evacuation drill to increase students' safety consciousness and have the skill about how to face with emergency.
wrong in the activity.
First, some students don't keep a serious attitude to the drill.
Second, some students were laughing when the drill was in process.
So I have a few tips to students.
The one hand, you should keep serious and quiet.
On the other hand you should obey the command.
Don't laugh at the team.
My speech is all this.
Thanks for listening.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
There is no doubt that I will take my own life and make a living on my own.
Of course, maybe after ten years, I will have a family where my children and my husband and I live together.
In addition, if possible, I will work in a big company, and what I do is what I like.
Only by working hard can I lead a happy life, which is what I expect now.
What's more, as for the life in my spare time, I'm sure that I'll have a colorful life.
On weekends, I will go to determine movies with friends or go camping in the field, which is actually what I am looking forward to.
Totally, I do want a fantastic future.
In order to realize my dream, I will try my best to make it and nothing can stop my steps to success.
Walking to school is better than taking the bus to school.
On reason is that walking to my school is usually faster than taking the bus.
This is because traffic is heavy, and it moves slowly.
Another reason is that walking is more enjoyable than taking the bus.
I can relax when I walk.
I get nervous when a lot of traffic.
The most important reason is that walking is healthier.
My school is one mile away from my house.
I don't get any exercise when I take the bus.
so, I like to walk.
Even on rainy days, I take my umbrella.
Nowadays many students in English learning do not take the spelling.Many of them think that spelled their English study useless.This concept is very common in the student.
Appear this kind of circumstance is the cause of the various factors caused by the comprehensive.On one hand,from students'speaking,they lack of self-control,more rice and lack of interest for learning English.In addition,they do not take the spelling above his business is the one big drawback.On the other hand,the school also should be responsible for this phenomenon.
The school pay attention to the training of students'English examination skills and relying only on a lot of the topic thus ignore students' basic training.So as to help students more do not take the spelling and just become a problem to the pursuit of high differentiation.
In order to change this situation,I think the school should pay more attention to students'basic training and increase students to spelling attention.The teacher should strictly to spelling checks to the students have very good urged role.The student should strengthen the self-control,don't above his business and down-to-earth learning English.
Everybody,attention please.I want to tell you something about TianJin library.
The library is located on 15 FuKang Road.There are over 3200000 books,about 6000 DvDs and CDs.You can find magazines and newspapers from 1990 up to now.If necessary,you also can ask for surfing the internet.The library opens from 8:30 to 19:00 except on Monday and Friday mornings.You can walk to it or take No.47,48 Buses.It is worth reading books with your family or friends during holidays.Tian Jin library,where you can enjoy yourself,is a good place to stay.
I hope what they has been mentioned will be helpful and wish you have a good time.Thanks for listening.
There is a visual picture bellow which concerning about the rumors on the internet.As we can see,the rumors on the internet are so harmful that to be described as mines.Many people are fear of becoming the targets.
With the development of the internet,an increasing number of people like surfing the internet for relaxing.
Because using computers are extremely convenient and interesting.Nevertheless when it comes to some people,things are not wonderful.Especially the famous and the rich.Because the internet can spread the wrong information fast.And doing a lot of harm to people in mental and physical.For example,a few months ago there was a rumor that our country's salt is running out.And it made the price went up strongly.This phenomenon made a negative influence on our daily life.Moreover,many newspaper magazines often publish some things of the super stars which are not true.And that also destroyed their reputations and made them unhappy.
So,what can we do to solve this awful problem?I suppose we should establish much more perfect system to prevent the people spreading the rumor.Farthermore,we can also give people a deal of edifications in mental.
As we can see in the picture,a butcher has sold meat to a woman.
Both of them felt happy,because the man sold out the meat with lots of water,while the woman used a false 100-yuan note to buy the meat.
It is vividly shown that dishonest people never get a good result.
Trick other people to create some good things for oneself are selfish and can not forgive.
People who are dishonest always think about self.
Noboby wants to become friend with him.Lies never can change the truth.
Finaily dishonest people will be punished after the lies.
In my life, I learn to know that honest is the best way to solve the problems.
Once lies began, the more lies will follow.
SO,it is important to remember 'Honesty is the Best Policy'.
My mobile phone's brand is Sumsung and it is a white phone which looks remarkably clean and pure.
Its screen has a big size so that I can enjoy pictures and video clips clearly.
What's more, my phone has numerous functions.
It can show all formats of pictures and video clips; and also it has an advanced system to make sure that every application can run perfectly.
And what I appreciate most is that my phone has a large store to save many phones' applications.
That's why I have downloaded many interesting games to my phone and when I am alone, they really help me a lot to relieve myself.
Recently, I bought a new black cover to protect it better.
Some person believes that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
I admit it.
Reading can not only help us learn terra incognita but also motivate us to read more, learn more and enjoy the world, the life.
But for me, practice is more important.
If we read a lot but never practice, we will be ZhaoKuo, a man who lived during the Warring States Period.
He read lots of books on tactical.
But when he faced to the really war, he could do noting.
This is what we say 'Empty talk'.
Reading makes you stay at home, but practice makes you go outside to see the world, to experience different things.
The big world you have seen you will know how tiny you are.
You will be very willing to learn more, or say you have learned a lot during your practice.
No matter how beautiful the world is that written on the book, you haven't seen it so you never know it.
You may read it that the flower smells so good that appeals many people to enjoy it.
You may think that I have known this flower is good and many people like it.
But if you don't go to see it by yourself you will never know how sweet it smells.
As I am a student, I always think about why many students have read a lot of useful book like < Youth Digest >they still can't understand simple truth.
They waste money that their parents earn playing games, buying unnecessary luxury.
They don't know their parents' hardness.
They haven't experienced how hard and difficult the work is.
They haven't practiced in the cruel world.
The adult always tell us to read more useful books and learn from these books.
But like what I say above, it's empty talk.
If we never practice we can't face the 'really war' in our life.
Also, if we just read, and do nothing.
Maybe not.
We should learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.
Reading is a good habit and really helps us learn more, but if we just read we will lost more as well.
So I think practice is vital important.
Don't simply read.
Go outside, and practice then learn.
My sophomore year has already been under way.
ability to care for myself, broadened my horizon and influenced my attitude toward life.
Before coming to university, I rested in the warm yet enclosed nest constructed by my parents.
They told me to concentrate on nothing but study since there was nothing else for me to worry about.
So, at the beginning of my college life, I was not equipped with real preparation for it, though I was full of enthusiasm and passion.
For example, besides do my own laundry and shopping, I share chores in the dormitory room and together with roommates keep it a comfortable place to live in.
College is designed to be a time of personal growth and expansion.
The challenges of college life not only introduce me to new knowledge but force me to choose my real interest among many temptations.
In the first year, like many other freshmen who were dazzled by the variety of choices, I joined many student groups whose professions vary from volunteering to music.
As time sails by, however, only the university chorus remains on my agenda.
I have become more realistic and sensible about what university is for.
Days in high school were horrible - I had no time to play but had to study almost day and night.
Before coming to university, I often thought it was a paradise for relaxing.
But I was wrong.
I have begun to realize that the university is one more step towards the society and the real world.
Like any other period of life, it is just a part of the journey into growth and maturity.
Thanks for its providing time and freedom for me to think deeply and carefully about the world and what life I'd love to live in the future.
During the rest of the days of college, my search, question query and pursuit for life shall never come to an end.
We began to climb the Great Wall ,although the weather is very hot ,but we still insist on down ,when the noon we finally reached the top .we are very happy.
Meanwhile we took a lot of pictures,and then we came back home ,although we are very tired .but still very happy ,I hope that my foreign friend would like this traveling.
With the society's development and prosperity, it has sprung up many electronic products, such as e-book.
It insteads of traditional books.
But whether e-book will be a necessary in the future has become a subject of hearted discussion.
Some think e-book will be a necessary in the future.
On the one hand, such books are obviously handy and convenient and thanks to their multi-functions.
Because Internet offers abundant resources, you can read various kinds of books.
On the other hand, traditional books are made up of papers , so they are not easily portable.
If you want to read books, you can read anywhere and anyplace.
Others hold that e-book will not be a necessary in the future.
They support the opposite idea.
First, using the e-book always is bad for people's eyesight.
It leads to poor eyesight and other symptoms.
Second, traditional books are more available because they are sold in various bookshops, while e-books need to refer to what you want to read.
Different people have different ideas.
So, in my opinion, e-book will become popular under the invention of electronic products, but we should use them appropriately.
On the contrary, traditional books is always a form of study, we can't throw them away.
In the future, the science and technology will used in a diverse way.
"Take care of yourself well at school and don't put too much pressure on you, everything will be fine", voice came from my mom through mobile phone.
After hanging up the phone, looking into the deep sky, I'm filled with unspeakable inspiration.
Medium height and thin, my mother is a traditional Chinese housewife, with bead like eyes and long hair.
She is full of energy and constantly working for the whole family's basic necessities.
Some people would see that I'm quite different from my mother.
For example: she is always quickly in doing anything while I'm really slow, I have pretty white skin while she is quite dark.
Despite all the differences, she is the dearest person to me in the world.
When I was a baby learning to walk, my mother always lent me a hand and encouraged me to get up while I fell down.
As I finally threw myself into her arms, her eyes smiled with praise.
At that time mom seems like an angle, young and beautiful.
When I grew older, although friendly and warm-hearted to everyone, she is really strict with me.
She is constantly asking me to do this and not to do that, my naughty tricks always fails to escape from his sharp eyes.
"Check everything up before you go to bed, don't watch TV unless you've finished your homework-" Her words still remain fresh in my mind and I can even remember her raged expressions every time I made mistakes.
She was really a serious teacher and criticizing me all the time.
How I wished I could have wings so that I could fly far away from her.
When I entered high school, I finally understood why mom pushed me that hard all the way through.
Competition in our high school was really fierce, I still bear in mind that there was a dark time when I failed in almost all the tests.
I was really confused and refused to talk with my mom, she never blamed me, but I could feel how sad she was.
One sunny day, I returned to home, with head down eating lunch, mom sitting opposite to me.
Somehow, I felt mom was sobbing.
Seeing this, I burst out crying.
With eyes in her eyes, few gray streaks in the black hair, mom seemed to have got old overnight.
"I know you are in bad mood, you've always been so hard-working, mom believes in you and you must be brave and confident to face all the challenges.
My mother looked deep into my eyes and wiped the tears on my face.
After this, mom has always been a close friend to me.
Now, I'm in college, I have grown up and become more independent, but whenever I come across setbacks, my mother's eyes are always with me encouraging me wherever I go.
Mom devoted his youth or even his whole life to me without complaining.
Industrious and thrift, she always gives the best to the rest of the family and has endless work to do.
What's more, mom has a healthy and young spirit, she is fond of singing and singing all the time.
"I've joined a dancing club and it's really interesting-" Mom telephoned me excitedly.
How I wished mom could be healthy and happy forever.
Everybody wants to an interesting weekends,so i think making a plans for me is very important.Let me tell you my weekends.
On the Saturday morning ,i'm going to get up later until eleven o'clock.And in the afternoon,i'm going to see my good friends.In the evening,i'm going to watch TV at seven o'clock,it's my favourite programme.
On the Saturday morning,'m going to have to do my homework.And in the afternoon,i'm going to have my English lesson,it's my favourite lesson.In the evening,i'm going to go over my lesson because the day of tomorrow i'm going to have a exam!
Among wisdom, money, truth, right and beauty, I believe that wisdom is the most important one.
There must be something that can't be bought with money, but I can earn it by my wisdom.
With my wisdom, I can acquire how the truth comes from.
If I'm stupid, I may even don't know how to use my right.
And beauty, it's really not useful.
People will become old and their looking will fade, but wisdom will not decrease.
Sometimes, the older the person is, the wiser he is.
I don't think so.
I know why the world has day and night, why there are seasons, and how human became the most intelligent creature.
I'm happy because of my wisdom.
All in all, it is wisdom that will be with us for whole life.
The cartoon reveals if a man can not swim, felling into a pool, some people will make a choice to give him directly help.
From another point of view,only with a book about how to swim, can help he overcomes the problem of fearing water completely.
The portrait insinuates a problem that causes one to think deeply about.
It is the drawback of current Chinese Welfare Reform which influences the decline of the number of poverty-stricken in China.
As is well-known, our government only adopt some insignificance measures like hand out money, which is not beneficial to the settlement of the fundamental problem.
As far as I am concerned, it is better for us to combine these two thoughts which can figure out this social problem more preferably.
First of all, the government had better set up a foundation for poverty alleviation in order to figure out the poverty-stricken extreme urgency.
Furthermore, the citizens are supposed to response zealously the appeal of government about donating some second-hand books and serving as a volunteer to teach those people some useful techniques that provide them with an alternative to improve their own quality.
Great changes have taken place in Chinese family life in the past 30years.The difference between my parents' childhood and mine is so vast.
When they were young,there was no TV,no computers,and so on.So there was little entertainment.
To be honest,as far as I'm concerned,I like Spring more than any other seasons,including Autumn.why?I like the color of green,because it looks so live and cheerful.And as you know,when Spring is coming,trees are getting more and more green.Eveything seems so hopeful,if only you worked harder,could you succeed,at least in my opinion.While in Fall,everything differs exactly from that in Spring.There won't be many green trees or green things around your surroundings.What's more, you don't be happy any more.So that's why I don't like Autumn very much,especially when it contrasts with Spring.How about you?
A large number of students like reading .Many students prefer to read books in the library , but more students like electronic readers .So whether we should choose electronic readers has become a feverish subject among us.
As far as I am concerned ,as college students, we should preserve the paper books and also stay open to the electronic readers .Because when we think of the electronic readers ,the first thing that come to my mind is that it is convenient for us .Firstly ,it is very simple and easy to download e-books through the internet ,you can download and start reading them within minutes without leaving our home, and we do not have to go to a bookstore to buy them .Secondly, no trees are required to produce the pages of e-books .
Thirdly , when we need some information what we can get it immediately by downloading an e-book.
Fourthly ,the electronic readers take up less space ,we do not leave any space to store them .And at the last , electronic readers are portable ,we can carry hundreds of books with us without worrying about their weight , and we can read e-books anywhere ,on the bus , train , airplane and while standing in line .
But every coin has two sides .Electronic readers also have many disadvantages .Firstly ,it is harmful for our eyes ,when we spend numerous time in reading e-books .At the same time ,the radiation from the electronic readers is harmful for our health .Secondly ,if we go outside with the electronic readers which have no power , so we will not read it any more .
Thirdly , electronic readers can make us become lazier.
We prefer to stay at home to read e-books instead of going to the library .And at the last ,electronic readers are expensive.
In my opinion ,I think that we should use the subjective eyes to analyse it .On the one side ,the electronic readers are the symbol of the development of technology .On the other side ,paper books also bring us lots of happiness and leave us lots of memories.
We are pleased to inforn you that our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 under the goods have been shipped per S.S. "Pearl", to "May flower" cargo ship ship in Hongkong.
This is about system at cost price plus freight turnover.On Mar.15th,2015 We had sent to you by fax, so that you may arrange the insurance in time.
Last weekend, I went to the Great Wall with my family.
He said he called Mike, he came from the US.
I also introduced myself to him.
"I said.
We talked a lot, and we were happy.We exchanged the address.
We have agreed to contact us by writing letters.
I like this new friend very much, we have a lot of same hobby, I hope we can travel together in the future.
First,you should try your best to learn English well to have more communications with others.When you are free,you can go tothe school library and do some resding.
Second,being willing to help people can make a good impression to others.And when youare helping others,yourself is improving too.
Third,it is important for you to take an active part in activities,you can make more friends who will help you a lot in you English.
Dont give up and be confident.I hope you can be happier after taking these suggestions.
In one's long life, campus life is one of the most essential periods in his or her memory.
Several years' campus life seems to be a long period, but it passes so quickly just like the meteor which is so beautiful and so transitory.
Therefore, we should appreciate youth and enjoy every day.
In another word, we should make our campus life more colorful and meaningful.
However, the question is how to make campus life more colorful.
As far as I can see, optimistic attitude is the first step towards colorful life.
Observing these excellent classmates who behave very well in all kinds of school works or social activities, around our lives, we can find they have a common characteristic that is they are optimistic and positive.
Secondly, taking part in activities is a good way to enrich our lives and increase experience.
In the process of joining in clubs or developing activities, we can make new friends and know more useful information.
My own experience of joining school organization is a good example.
In the organization, I know a lot of new friends from different places.
This is a good way to widen your circle of friends.
Lastly, social practice is a very important aspect of campus life.
In our spare time, we can do many meaningful things to enrich life, for example, to be a volunteer is a good choice.
With the development of technology, people's living habits as change.
As far as I am concerned we should just walk away and let this phenomenon go.
This is the trend of The Times.
I think we are supposed to think about a problem which why we depend on affection.
It well know that we didn't have advanced technology in the ancient times .
So we should rely on our family to look for provisions and protect ourselves.
The passage of time, we can hardly do without the family and relationship.
However we can live on our own in the modern society.
So we needn't too much relationship and care about family.
We should Conform to the trend of history, and we also dear to our family.
In other words, when we are addicted to computer, we are supposed to take care of our relatives.
As is vividly depicted in the material above,the report says that the people who practice square dancing had influenced the neighborhood residents seriously.Thus,this issue had giving rise to a lot of confrontations between them.And the residents in order to prevent themselves from the loud music's disturbing,they take some measures to against the people.For instance, they fired a shotgun into the air to make the practicing square dancing people sacred and go away.What's worse,the residents who are living in Hubei province threw rubbish at people who are dancing.Confronted with this confrontation, students are much wiser than those residents,the just organized a silent protest against that phenomenon which people playing loud music by blocking the "stage" of the dancer in a square.From my point of view ,I am deeply believed that the people who practicing dancing and the people who are disturbed should solve this problem in peace.
First and foremost,we everyone live the same society,therefore,we should love each other as well as understand each other.
Dancing is good thing for people to build up their bodies.Meanwhile,dancing can make them more active and let them lead a happy life.But they must make a point of others' feeling,they cannot just make themselves comfortable and ignoring others' feeling.
What's more,the people who are dancing are supposed to understand that other people who are baby or elder people need have a rest ,especially,at night.If the voice of music is too loud,the baby and elder people cannot feel asleep.For this,maybe do harm to their health both physically and mentally.In addition, the students who are occupied with their studies need a quiet atmosphere,otherwise,they must have bad moods to study and don't make a high mark.
Besides,the residents should take a effective measure to solve this problem,rather than do some bad things,such as,scaring others or throwing rubbish at others,which is unwise.On the contrary,the residents should have a talk with the dancing people,and looking for a good way to make it solved peacefully.
Last but not least,the residents and the dancing people shouldn't have so many confrontations.All of them need step on others' position to think things.For one thing,the residents should make a understanding that people dance to train which is not only to build up body,but also,motivate other people to practice.For another,the people who practice square dancing must schedule their time well,avoiding disturbing others,which is conducive to each other.
To put it in a nutshell,the residents and practicing square dancing they must understand noting is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.They can solve this issue perfectly and peacefully.And only in this way,can they live a happy life as well as solve those confrontation.
I am sure you have.
It has become a popular way for us to read books.
Different people have different ideas.
On the one hand, some people support that e-book is necessary in the furture.First of all, They believe that e-book is very convenient.
When you see something you like, just click to download it.
E-book means your library is open.
secondly, they think e-book is good for environment.
Do not like those books which are made from trees,the e-book have no need to cut down trees.
thirdly, you do not need to worry about the avilablity of a title either.
what's more, no money is spend on staff to issue books or return them to shelves, there are no damaged or lost copies, and there are no late returns.
On the other hand, some people disagree about that.
They said that there are also some disadvantages about the e-book.
Firstly,it is harmful to eyesight.
Secondly, if your internet connection disappears so dose your books.
But if you read a book which you borrowed from a library that situation will not happen.
what's more, if everyone read books online in the furture there will be no book publishers.
The most important I think is that there will not have a good atmosphere for people to read and discuss.
In my opinion, e-book is not necessary in the furture.
Though e-book have lots of advantages, I think people will prefer read books in the library quietly with a cup of tea in the hand.
when it comes to spring festival,most of the chnese people would like to set together with their family members.they talk about the pasted year and the coming year.and of course the vast majority of chinese people like to watch the spring festival gala.
they think the spring festival gala is a wonderful way to celebrate the spring festival.because the spring festival gala shows the great artists' work by the TV.it takes a lot of time and energy to make the spring fetival gala more and more colorful,more and more meaningful,more and more technological.
diffrent people like diffrent things,for me i like the short sketch.i'll never miss the short sketch made by zhaobenshan,guodegang,fenggong,panchangjiang and so on.the teenagers like the famous stars' shows specially.and for the older ,perhaps the Folk art are their favorite.so there is a problem.
for the audience the like all kinds of programs .so how could the spring meets all kinds of people's mind?what's more diffrent people have diffrent understanding of the art,how could the spring festival express their ideas in a effective way?perhaps it's the main cause of people think the spring festival gala become worse and worse.
Some words in point,"You couldn't see my tears cause I am in the water.
"Fish said to water.
"But I could feel your tears cause you are in my heart.
"Water answered.
First,this is love.In addition, Words are not necessary to be said for love,which we should be feel by heart though it is around us.
Second,to make known his or her deepest feelings, to get them via the troubles,"L"stands for listening in love.
"O"stands for thanksgiving.
After all, if we didn't demand things all the way instead of giving and thanksgiving, things would be better.
What's more,not only love does stand for valued,which is the basic for us to get along well with each other,but also excusing.
Love is to be so kind as well as to forgive your partner's faults.
Meanwhile,help them correct the mistakes.
Third,personally I really learn to love like a dog who is always honest to his lover.
Furthermore,they are easier to get happy as using a clean heart faces the mix-est world than men do jockey for position in society.
Fortunately,when I feel down,it may stay with me all day till there is tenderness in my eye.
However,the love like dogs is lacking in our life,now that to think that only by way that treat things sincerely ourselves in spite of any little things can we spread love,so change gradually.
Accordingly to figure out the work we need to make a strong co-operatibe effort.
In short,this is the love in my mind,which surround us.
This chapter will provide a literature review for the study, looking at the function of education and the use of the new communication in the spread of English.
Code switching will also be discussed in detail.
Education is the major key method of introducing the English language into Chinese people's daily lives.
In the contemporary era, the status of English in China has become more significant.
Both the government and people are making marvelous efforts to popularize English.
On the one hand, the government has worked in improving the citizens' ability to speak English.
Early in 1996, the Vice Premier of the State Council Mr. Li Lanqing has asserted that it is essential and crucial to improve citizens' English proficiency.
Moreover, he insisted that English education is not only an individual issue, but also a national issue "associated with the modernization".
(Pang, Zhou and Fu 2002, p.202) Currently, English is a compulsory module in colleges and universities for at least two years.
Many exams are also available for Chinese people to test and prove their proficiency in English.
For example, the national College English Test (CET) was set early in 1987 and the China Public English Test System (PETS) started in 1999.
On the other hand, apart from government policies, people are making large effort to acquire English knowledge themselves.
Studying abroad is a good example of it, and it is becoming popular.
According to the website of the Ministry of Education of People's Republic of China, 339,700 Chinese traveled abroad for education in 2011.
From 1978 to 2011, 2,245,100 students in total have studied or are studying outside of China (Wang 2012).
The advent of new media has had a tremendous impact on ways in which people communicate.
According to Crystal, "The Internet is not just a technological fact; it is a social fact".
(Crystal 2001, p.237) According to the Forrester research website, "by 2016, smart-phones and tablets will put power in the pockets of a billion global consumers" (Schadler and McCarthy 2012).
Regarding the figures from China, according to research by Google Inc and Ipsos, approximately 35 percent of urban Chinese consumers have smart-phones.
A website called "Sina Weibo" was established in 2009.
Surprisingly, by the end of March 2012, it had already gained more than 300 millions users.
(Zhang 2012) The popularity of this social networking website can be seen in many ways.
For example, over the Chinese new year of 2012, 481,207 messages were sent onto Sina Weibo in the first minute of the year.
Code switching is a greatly useful language tool.
"Code" is a "neutral term taken from information theory" (Wardhaugh 2006, p.88).
A language or a variety of language can also be called a code.
A particular code can occur in conversation between speakers' or within a single speaker's speech.
According to Mesthrie et al., code switching mainly refers to how "bilingual speakers made choices between different languages".
(Mesthrie et al.
 p.163) In other words, it is to define what language people choose to speak.
It may come from one's personal preference or a group's preference, which is based on their "common pursuits" (Wardhaugh 2006, p.101).
There are two specific types of code switching when it appears in one person's speech.
When it occurs between different sentences, it is inter-sentential; or it occurs within one sentence, in which case it is intra-sentential (Wardhaugh 2006).
Code switching, at the same time, is still a type of human behavior, which mostly depends on personal preference.
Therefore, theories of code switching apply to the process of understanding the attitudes towards the use of the English language amongst Chinese net-citizens.
From the picture, we can see many people are running for money.
People's view on earn money vary from person to person.
From my point of view, everybody wants to be richer, but in life, it's uneasy to achieve this dream.
Firstly, if you want to become richer, you have to know what kind of job is the most profitable.
Secondly, how to do better in the job you should understand.
Last but not least, if you have a happy family, you have to work, however, together with your family rarely.
From what has been discussed above, if you want to become a rich man, though you possible own much money, you can't realize other happy.
The more you go up, the greater pressure.
Many college students have unhealthy habits.Such as,sleeping late,excising consumption,etc.
Many students may sleep very late after we come to college,and even some student may sleep at 3 a.m.It leads us to have no energy next day.And it is dreadful for our health,it may make us get many diseases.When we got to the university,we have more spare time,the Internet is convenient,and many people are addicted to the Internet.So many boys will play computer games all night or even cut class,they may not drink or eat.It wastes the education and it is bad for our body.We have heard a lot of cases that someone is syncope and even be dead with playing computer games.Information on the Internet is large and complex,it is very convenient to shop on the internet,many people are addicted to the Internet shopping.It can easily lead to excessive consumption.Eexcessive consumption may lead to theft and robbery.
Unhealthy habits are easy to form,but it is not easy to be corrected.If we want to correct it,we should make strict time schedules.If we cannot do it by ourselves,we can ask our roommate to give some help.We can ask our teacher to give some help too.
Of course,I have a lot of unhealthy habits,too.Such as,many things that I can do now,but I am usually procrastination.I have made some plans to do it.Wish me luck!
My name is Y and I come from X. I'm 20 years old.
I study in Z Women's College.
My majoy is Business English.
I like it very much, but I think it a little difficult, so I must be study hard.
In my spare time, I often watch movies and read books, such as English translation, I think it can improve my English.
Last week,i receipeted some staff complainted to me that our purchased the laptops from DEF company.I receipted a call from PatBaker,the sales representative of ABC company,he would like to collct suggestions from our company,he added that two engineers to bring back the faulty equipment.Now i sugget that everybody can provide some proposal.
The suggestions can be email to him that the faulty computer bought from ABC company in May 9.
The use and maintenance of the equipment.They will also bring the faulty computers for repair.
Everybody has their different problems on their study.
Recently I went to attend an examination.
And I found that I have many problems on doing this paper.
First,I can't hear the sound what the radio said clearly.
So I put more effort to doing it.
And finally I make it.
Second,when I tried to read these passages,I realized there were so many new words which I can't knew what their meaning.
I just guess it.
After the examination,I put on my dictionary and wrote it down.
The last problems were that I can't remember the grammar so clearly,so I just review it before I attend the examination.
These ways are my problems to difficulties in learning.
Sam and Tom are the twins.
They look similar but they are very different.
Sam is heavier than Tom.
But Tom is not so tall as Sam.
Sam is funnier than Tom,and he also makes his classmates laugh loudly.
Tom has more friends than Sam.
Because Sam is not as friendly as Tom.
They both like sports,but Sam is good at running than Tom.
Tom said Sam is smarter than him and Tom also thinks Sam works as hard as him.
So,Sam is the top student in his class.
All in all,they have a lot of differences.
But there is one aspect,they are the same,that's they are both get up early.
So they always together go to school.
As we all recognize, western persons always hold on the wedding in a church.
It's essential for the couple to obey the order.First,the bridegroom should appear in the front of audiences .After then, the bride's father will appear with his daughter ,In this way,he can take her daughter to the bride.
A short time later,the bride and bridegroom should say the wedding vows which can guard theirs love .And then become a couple.In the Meantime,they can exchange their rings to witness their love.Finally, they will kiss and enjoy future life.At last, they will take their honeymoon.
With the development of society people attach greater important to wealth and health.But which is more important,wealth or health?
Some people think we should love our body when we were young,or the body worn down will repent at leisure.Also,some people think that a young idler,an old beggar is the most pathetic.
As far as I am concerned,I like to wealth,but I value health more because body is the source of revolution.Wealth can be created by a health body,but wealth does not necessarily can create a healthy body.
In my opinion,youth is the period for establishing foundation of the whole life.Everyone is energetic and full of zeal for work.So,we must work hard on the young,but bear in mind that is too crazy.
I think that parrots make the best friends, now let me give you my opinions.
At first, parrots can live for up to 50 years, as a result, we can have a good time with them for many years.
Next, it is easy for parrots to respond your mind.
For example, then can make you happy when you are sad by speak in strange sounds, then you will not be sad no more.
Besides, parrots so smart that they can speak with us.
So we will not be lonely.
In the end, it is very happy for parrots to play with us all the time.
If you want, you can make a good friend with a parrot.
I think it is meaningful for people to keep a pet.
From this picture we can see there is one man whose words like a bomb in the computer.The people who are around the computer are so scared of the man's words that they run quickly here and there.
This picture reflects the harmfulness of online rumors.As the Internet technology developing,the Internet rumor is also developing.It's not a good phenomenon for our lifes.It can give rise to people's fear and cover people's eyes.It can also control people's actions and tell people wrong information not to believe the true things.Even the harmfulness of online rumors isn't measured by time and money.
In my opinion,I think governments should strengthen the Internet legal system.Give the knowledge of the Internet rumors publicity to people.Improve the ability to prevent the Internet rumors.Do these things in the long term,we can reduce the Internet rumors quickly.
Helloeveryone.
Let me introduce myself.
I'm glad to stand here extremely.
My mane is YangBeibei and my hometown is Changde.
I am 18 years old.
I am a girl and I am not the only son of my parents.
I have a sister.
She is 12 years old.
My parents love our very much.
And I always feel very happy from my sister.
She is cure extremely.
They are very important for me in my life.
In fact I am not very good at studying.
Nonetheless I believe that I can do it better than others.
I like music intensely because I like playing the guitar and take the guitar classes all the time.
My father is my first guitar teacher.
He plays the guitar very well all the time.
And I always believe that"The dwarf has spring".
Becaues Life is fair to everyone.
Finally I hope I can make a lot more friends in my new school and get good degree.
Thank you everyone.I am so happy.
When I look up the word "success" in the dictionary, it means to gain a purpose or to achieve an aim.
I don't know much about success, because I don't think I am a winner.Perhaps, I just haven't realized what I have achieved today can be considered as a success.
Success means differently towards different people.
By the time I got this topic on success, I was doing a volunteer work as a temporary journalist who reports the latest news in an international cycling competition held in beijing.
The answer is simple but firm.
The other day,when I watched TV with my parents, we came across a TV program which was introducing a legendary entrepreneur, Wang Shi.
He is a very successful business man.Because he is rich and he is prestigious.
looking back to my old days, I realize what success means to me is simply a sense of happiness.
Yes, for me, success equals to happiness.
And the main factor that contributes to success is paying.
Only by trying hard can I do a good job in the exam and rank no.1 in class,it is somehow a success because being the top student makes me happy.
Only by paying persistently can I pick up what I have wished.
Only by paying my diligence and effort on what I am working at can I achieve what I had promised and lived up to my parents' expectation.
This is obviously a big success.And it is all about being happy.
The main purpose for me to come up to this world is to be happy and make other people feel happy.
If I pay enough,I can buy what I deserve.Then I can proudly say that I am successful.
Thesis statement:Spring Festival Gala should always be held on.
It increases next year atmosphere.
a.Families get together for watching SFG and stay up late to see the year in.
b.It means the perfect end of a busy year.
It makes traditional culture,stock cultural preserved and promoted.
a.Beijing Opera,acrobat performances to be always carried forward.
After reads this novel, Ifelt disappointing and sad deeply.
At the beginning of this story, this is under cover a relaxed, happy atmosphere.
The whether is sunny, the girls are talking and laughing together, the boys play different stones and have a special dinner.
The adults are chatting each other about the housework.
until the end of the story, I find that poor people will be killed by the whole village, I was scared.
As an outsider, after reading this story, I feel very distress situation.
Because the tradition destroyed the social system, have a bad effect on people's life.
People in the activity is no pain, they are playing with stones as entertainment.
Everyone has a deep-rooted habit.
In their concepts, gab is normal.
This article made me think of the feudal society in ancient China.
People select a girl to sacrifice achelous for the sake of so-called peace every year.
In fact, this village is not a river God, these are all the superstition of people.
Some feudal thought already ingrained habits of people, is a long-term retention, the habit has destroyed the human nature.
The theme is to describe the feudal serious.
Many words have very deep means.
death.
The "old black box"symbolize miserable death and show that the villagers's ignorance and blindness in the traditional life.
More importantly, this black box was making up with for many years before the remnant of the old wooden box.
This implies that the activity details had deteriorated and had been far behind the times.
Personally speaking, it's very complex.
In article, the old man was without any reflection.
to paint the poor people.
All the villagers are like him, very blind and be opinionated.
They killed their good friend together in the times of peace.
He was the oldest man, but he didn't have any reflection.
Everyone is very happy.
The beautiful wife put down his things, to perform its obligations as usual.
She goes to the square at once.
She probably didn't realize that day is the day of her death.
It is a miserable story.
The beautiful wife, her life is very numb, this also is a kind of symbolic significance.
In a sense, she can represent each member of the village, regardless of old people or child, including her husband.
There is a profound truth in this article.
We can see that the author of the war, religion, and feelings about the traditional customs.
They sacrifice lives only for the harvest of the agriculture crops in the next years.
But there are no reasons and no scientific basis.
I think our national cult also like this and they believe in gods, and incite other people to set themselves on fire with gasoline.
They not only do harm to themselves but also influence all the country.
To sum up, we should believe in science.
This article proposed the question and the criticism to the reality and it challenged the democratic system.
In the democratic and equal social activities, the method of democracy has destroyed every one.
As the idea of ancient killed the wife, this is an outrage.
This article shows that the democratic method of majority rule is not credible.
People become very blind and foolish and they also become very cold for poor life.
As a college student, we should believe in science and should not do bad things.
We should also promote scientific knowledge to everyone.
I fucked Alice,Bob,Candy,Patrick,Dog,White,Black,Hat,Charming,King,Tommy,Doggy,William,Wang,Fatty,Spring,Shit,Scott,Sir,Prince,Jin,Ashely,Lin,Cathy,Daisy,Delia,Donna,Dora,Diana,Emily,Honey,Honda,Ina,Iris,Jammy,Jane,Janet,Jean,Jessy,Jessica,Jonna,Judy,Julia,Kama in a single day.
I fucked Alice,Bob,Candy,Patrick,Dog,White,Black,Hat,Charming,King,Tommy,Doggy,William,Wang,Fatty,Spring,Shit,Scott,Sir,Prince,Jin,Ashely,Lin,Cathy,Daisy,Delia,Donna,Dora,Diana,Emily,Honey,Honda,Ina,Iris,Jammy,Jane,Janet,Jean,Jessy,Jessica,Jonna,Judy,Julia,Kama in another single day.
As we all know that the road of life is always tough, not always smooth sailing.
Sometime, we are not far cry from death when we are confronted with the nature.
Nevertheless when we feel sad, hopeless and helpless, there always is a light around us, from friends, lovers and family ------this is hope.
When talk about hope, a famous movie just emerge in my mind-----< Titanic >.
Titanic, a ship of dreams came to naught in the cold North Atlantic.
As the largest and luxurious ship in the world at that time, Titanic has person dreams.
As it begins to sink, all fantastic dreams have broken up.
Be confronted with death, persons feel helpless,which made life boats become the only hope of living.
For Rose, instead of getting into the boat, she has selected to be with Jack.
When Jack died, it is his words" Promise me you'll survive.
That you won't give up, no matter how hopeless.
that made Rose have the hope of living.
It's the love which keeps Rose's life on, and it's the love which indicates the merit of Jack's life.
As the old saying goes,Hope and love appear everywhere in our lives.
It is a streak of light peeping out of the black clouds signaling a fine day after a storm.
Just like the heart of ocean, it sank in the ocean, but it still in Rose's heart.
The reason why I 'm writing to you is that I saw people scribbling and littering wherever they liked when I was traveling at the tourist attractions.
My heart was cold when I stood on the same ground with them.How could people make the payments to nature like this?In my opinion,they need to be punished, don't they?First and foremost,it is the environment in which human beings are developing for thousands of years.Secondly,I can't stand that a person lives without a kind and modest heart in this peaceful world.
Therefore,I've got some suggestions for you to protect our social environment.
To start with,giving advice to fine those who is not friendly to nature to the government is the most direct way to keep them away from it.Moreover,you'd better help people have a clearer idea about the environment by enhancement of education.
Nowadays, there is a growing concern over such a phenomenon ,that is, some parents take care of almost everything concerned with their children.
I think absolutely yes.
In my opinion,the following ways can be adopted to change the current situation.
For the future of the next generation, more efforts should be made by parents to help their children to be independent.
For one thing,let them make their decisions first.
In that when they make decisions by themselves, they treat themselves as an adult, and also thinking in adult's ways.
Besides that, parents should give children much more freedom.
In other words, Let them handle life by themselves.Parents encounter give necessary advice only at critical moments.
If everything done by parents, children may lack ability of solve problems.They can do what they interested in and find the world in their own ways.It is better than help them find out.
What is more, talking with them as a close friend can help them become brave.
When the children brave enough, they must be independent enough.
Children should be taught that no one can be stronger and more helpful than themselves in this world.
Personally, I believe that here are all I think parents should do to help children to be independent.
I'm confident that a bright future is awaiting us since the teenagers can grow better in a free environment.
I am a student in Tianjin NO.1 Middle School.I'm in Class One,Gread Eight,with forty-two students in it.In the class,there is a student named Wang Hao.He's not only my classmate but also one of my best friends.He is tall but not very fat,and he's with glasses.He likes basketball and music,just like me!So we often playing basketball and singing together,and we have ever joined a singing match together.We always have the same hobby.Our studies are both good.But I'm not good at maths,so he often helps me and I'm really thankful about that.Maybe that's why he's my best friend.
I live in a flat,so I have many neighbor.
One night,I was reading a book.Suddenly,he became singing.I was very angry,but I could do nothing.So next day,I went to his home and ask him.
""Oh,sorry"he said,"I was just like singing,I don't want to disturb you in the evening.
""You're welcome.Why don't you turn down the voice?
Instantly, there are more and more teenagers called "rich second generation" appear in our vision.
It's the result of parents spoiling and too much helping.
So I do agree with the statement that parents today help their children too much and children should be allowed to make their own choice.
First of all, as for parents, maybe letting children go will make them find the way they like.
Currently, many families only have one child, so they want to determine their children's future.
I had my little sister when I was in senior high school.
After then my parents focused on my sister.
And because of my parents' ignoring, my grade even became better than before.
So they realized that children should have their own personal ideas and space and maybe let children go can make them find their own future.
Secondly, the more parents help children, the more children will rely on parents.
When I was a junior high school student, everyone was living in school.
But my parents even gave me a meal each day.
So a month later, I had to cry to want to go home.
Thirdly, if children could make their own choice when they are in trouble, they will get into the habit of independent work.
Then in the future they can stand the loneliness and become success with their own both hands.
I have a friend who is a strong boy.
He lost his father when he was ten.
He had lost the direction of his life, but when he saw his tired mother, he made up his mind to do things by himself.
Now he is studying in a famous university and he believes that his father in the sky will be proud of him.
In a word, parents shouldn't control children's future.
Everybody should have their independent personality.
With time goes by, we successfully enter ideal university through their own efforts.
There is no denying that the university life is colourful, but so many different between university and high school.
Opinions vary from person to person in our class according to a heated discussion.
Different students hold different opinions.
Standing in my position, we do better in high school than in university, we start to trail off during our college, we enroll in different kinds of classes, tend to major in less rigorous subjects.
While we learned six subjects that should test, and every subject is same essential.
During that time, we had a certain goal that be admitted to a key college, however, we like a lost child in university, we do not know how to consume our spare time.
From my experience, I do not think I waste time.
I take part in many activities, such as joining the student union, helping others as a volunteer.
I won a scholarship by studying hard.
As a sophomore, I think we should all-round development.
I hope we have a feeling that beautiful memories came back when we recalled.
From the picture above, we can see that building are coughing in the polluted air.
With air pollution worsening than before, pm 2.5 has become a usual word for us.
Needless to Say More, this kind of material is the main source of pollution,as the content the word represents doesgreat harm to people's health.
For health,we should take some measures to make the air cleaner.On the one hand, We should dirve electric car instead of gasoline-powered cars.According to a recent study,the release of the burning gasoline material is a main source of air pollution,so if reduce the combustion of gasoline, the air will become cleaner.
On the other,more trees should be planted,which must clean the air.
Protection of the environment needs efforts by every people on the planet.
Only in this way,cleaner air come to us.
The theme of the speech is the English Novel L Like Best.The English speech competition can improve the listening and speaking of Engliush and it can take a good reading habit.
There are some matters you need pay attention to.Such as the speeches cannot more then five minutes and you should speak fluence.what is more,you should accurate pronunciation.
The English speach competition will start.I am waiting for your wonderful action and offer the best wishes for your success.
Since 1st January,2011,we can't smoke in the the public in China.The purpose of this rule is that all the indoor public without smoking.The measures of this rule is that post the no smoking signs.In our country,about 350 billion people like smoking and 75% of the smokers are men while 25% of the smokers are women.About 540 billion people was affected by the second-hand smoke and more than 100 thousand people died of the second-hand smoke every year.
Now more and more people like going shopping online.Both benefit and disadvantage exist.
Some people suppose that it is better to make purchase of goods online than in a shopping center,because it is convenient and cheaper.The customers can get what they need without going out.All kinds of things can show us online and you will have many more options.Of course,if you did not satisfied with your goods,you could require the seller to return the purchase.You can use Taobao Wangwang for contracting with sellers and it will help you to protect your rights.
On the other hand,some people think that shopping online is not so good.Because some shops on the Internet sell fake and inferior products.It is not safe to buy food online.And some pictures of clothes online look very pretty,but they won't find the clothes are not fit for them until they buy them.Furthermore,the clothes' color and qualities are not correspond to the pictures.Though you can require the sellers to return the goods,you also need to pay the freight.Sometimes the freight is more expensive than the goods.
In my opinion,we can buy things online.Because shopping online is often cheaper than in store.How to avoid buying improper things?Let me tell you.
You can try on clothes in the store and memorise your size and color.Then you can search the flagship store online.I think you will be satisfied with your goods.As for food,I advise you to buy in the store,because it is safer than buy it online.
In our modern society, person produce waste every day.
Because waste becomes more and more seriously, waste sorting is a must.
Waste sorting is very necessary for us in many ways.
First, waste sorting is helpful to decline environment pollution.
Many rubbish contain poisonous materials, such as abandoned batteries, which do harm to human and animals.
If we can deal with these rubbish, we will protect our environment better.
Next, the waste sorting helps decrease the cost of disposal of rubbish and amount of work of the cleaners.
What's more, waste sorting can reduce more than 50 percentage of rubbish.
And it is an accepted that waste sorting is an available way to reduce the use of land.
Waste sorting not only make great contribution to material recycling but also raise our attention to take the responsibility to protect our environment while our environment is facing great danger.
Therefore, waste sorting is very important for the whole world.
We should have the sense that environment protection is our duty , waste sorting is good to environment protection, so everyone should pay more attention on waste sorting.
Many students who are in college are short of social practice nowadays.They only attach importance to study but ignore the importance of social practice.If they can take part in many social practice,they will learn many knowledge that can't appear in books.
Firstly,students can take part in many activities those are held by school.It can bring students too much experience from these.Secondly,students can try other activities in order to improve themselves.If so,they can help themselves better and better.Last but not least,they can finish their tasks when they work.Therefore,social practice is very important.
As far as I'm concerned,taking part in social practice is a good way to improve ourselves.We should pay attention to it.But we should keep balance the time between activities and study.Social practice is important,but study is the first.So,every student should study well and take part in social practice positively.
According to the picture, we can see a teacher asks her student to read a book.
But the student is surprised.
And I can feel nothing interested on his face.
The teacher tells him just think of it as if you're reading a long text-message.
Nowadays, the people who can sit down quietly and read literature that is less and less.
But It doesn't mean that literature is not important to us.
The opposite is that literature can bring us knowledge and improve our quality.
And help us to understand the meaning of things in the future.
We can't regard it as a kind of mission.
Reading literature can also be a kind of entertainment.
When we are reading by heart, we can find a more beautiful world.
It let us become better.
Therefore, reading literature is very important to us, .
We can't abandon it, but learn to enjoy it.
At the age of seven,I received a birthday present from my friend Helen Green.
The gift was a beautiful and lovely Teddy bear.The bear was brown and wear colorful dress.I think this bear is one of the best birthday presents.I collected many toys,but this one was the most special for me.
Helen Green sent the gift to me,I was so happy,because the gift was particular and she was my best friend.If I have some problems,she will help me solve the problems at once.That's why I like this birthday gift.
Compared to action , ignorance in thought matters more .
While the opponents may point out that it is ignorance in action that leads to the catastrophe and extinction of animals and plants .
It is obvious that our ignorant behavior damages the nature , and it is indisputable .
If we changed the silly action , the world would come to life , at least be better .
However , the key is that what we should do to change the action .
As is known to all , "Thinking decided to habit , habit decided to action , action led to the consequences ".
So , only by altering our thought can we change our action , and only by that will the world be much better .
The creatures living a better life , our human beings' life will promote together .
Judging from what I talked above , nothing is more terrible than ignorance in thought , but not action .
Confidence is crucial for everyone.
No matter if you face the pressure of learning or work challenge.
No matter it is good or unfavorable, self-confidence can make a magical change to us.But how to build up sele-confidence?In my opinion,a good attitude and preparation are good way to set up our own self-confidence.
Firstly,a good attitude can make people feel that you know everything about it and increased your confidence in the invisible.Secondly,focus everything on ourselves,because no one is perfect and everyone can make mistakes.If you realize that,you will have a good attitude and confidence around with you.Finally,sometimes we may find we are not capable of doing things well or something beyond our ability.That is alright,believe yourself,just do it and don't give up.Try your best to do things are successful.
In addition.Preparation is another key to building up self-confedence.There is no doubt that people have a mature plan can easier finish their jobs.For example,you will do some important things,if you don't make a plan,when you meet some problems,you may feel anxious and you do things will have no confidence.But if you do some preparation,you can foresee what will happen and deal with it calmly.Then you will feel happy and increase your self-confidence.In our daily life,we are supposed to upgrade our learning skills and renew our literal information.Then we can clam in the face of everything.
By way of conclusion,it is my personal position that keep a good attitude and have preparation can not completely set up confidence.There are two key points to make people feel confidence.But if people real want to have confidence you will believe yourself.External confidence can change, inner confidence is eternal.
To improve the knowledge and ability of emergency evacuation as well as the awareness of safety.
Our school hold a evacuation drill every term .
But there are many problems in the evacuation drill .. For example ,individual students run and chase each other ,, or maybe just stay in the class room ..
They don't pay attention to the evacuation drill ..
Instead ,, some students are too nervous to look after each other ..
Firstly ,, stay calm and don't lose your head when the misfortune comes to you .. Then , you must listen to the commond of your teachers and escape by designated routes ..
In short ,, everyone should seriously participate in the evacuation drill ..
Nowadays,with the development of the economy,more and more new industries have made a great progress.Simply to say,where there is business,there are almost full of multiform copetitions and coordination.
Some people hole the idea that competition and coordination should be separated.But I cling to the idea that each of them has an important effect on another.In the market system,if only having competition,there will come into being monopolization and make the economy exposed to danger.Besides,good competitions will contribute to reforming the old system and improve the efficiency.Multimedia spreading more business information also resulting in the competition and coordination,no matter where you live .
From the long term,if you are proficient at how to deal well with the competition and coordination,you are in a position to be successful in the future and witness the country's development.
It's been two years,two years ago,I was a junior high school student.It happened a lot of things,but all of it are little things.I can barely remember those.I just remember one thing in junior high school.In 2013,We had PE lesson,In that PE,we had many sport to do,running,rope skiing,Jumping...I was so tired that I fell in a faint.Two of us came to help me.They knew I can't walk anymore,so they put my arms to their shoulder and sent me infirmary.I won't fotget it because I really appreciate them.
People say that the first impressions are very important.My first impression of Mrs Yu was that she was full of experince and very patient.
She is tall and thin and we all like her.
In English class ,we all listen to the teacher carefully .And after shool we do our homework carefully too .We hand in our homework on time .
Mrs Yu is very kind and patient.She explains English grammar so clarly that we can all remember the grammar clarly .She avoids making you fell so stupid that we all feel comfortable in the English class !
I like English very much .Ithink that with the help of Mrs Yu I can get great progress in English .
"You are the apple of my eye.
All I have shown to you is only a part of my love...".
Whenever the lyrics of the entertaining song "Little Apple" spin around the air, we all know that there must be a group of old people dancing in the square.
With loud pop music, dressed in colorful clothing, these gray hairs are dancing together happily.
This is the so-called "Guang Chang Wu", an increasingly common phenomenon emerging these days.
Although the Guang Chang Wu phenomenon does not have a long history, it has already gained huge attention of the people at home and abroad.
Due to its unpredented and unique way of daning along with some passionate music, the issue of whether Guang Chang Wu should be welcomed and advocated is thrown into the whirlpool of controversy.
There is an element of truth on both sides and I wil further illustrate with the following details.
Some supporters point out that Guang Chang Wu is an ideal way for the elderly to do exercise which does good to them both physically and mentally.
On the one hand, Guang Chang Wu provides the old people especially the old women an precious opportunity to do exercise, helping them keep fit as well as improve their confidence.
Therefore, they can live a more healthy and positive life.
On the other hand, with the fast pace of modern life, young people nowadays are always too busy to accompany their parents, leaving their parents at home, lonely and unhappy.
With Guang Chang Wu, these old folks can join each other in the square every morning and night, dancing and laughing.
At the same time, their loneliness and other negative emotions will be expressed and removed, transforming their life into a more optimistic one and adding color to it.
Moreover, the backers also hold the view that Chang Chang Wu meets the trend of fashion and social development as it creates a joyful atmosphere in our society.
They firmly believe that when we catch sight of such appealing dance, we are bound to be in a merry mood and maybe we will dance with the music.
Thus, the happiness of our life will gradually be increased.
However, as we all know, everything is double-sided, so is the Guang Chang Wu phenomenon.
Opponents strongly argue that while dancing in the square contributes to the body shape keeping for those gray hairs, it has already led to the problem of noise pollution, which greatly affects our daily life with its loud, noisy and undesirable music.
One parent once lodged a complaint on his blog that his children was interrupted by the harsh noise of Guang Chang Wu during those stressful days preparing for the College Entrance Examination.
Worse still, objecters claim that many other serious issues such as occupying the places for dancing improperly also occur.
As Guang Chang Wu composes of a crowd of people and takes place in pubic, it is inevitably that it sometimes causes disorder of the public management.
A case in point is that the Wall Street Journal once published a report criticizing several Chinese old women's dancing in the Red Square in Moscow, Russia, which brought about lots of unfavorable noises.
Consequently, some foreign medias have also put forward a proposal with suggestion that China should immediately lift a ban on Guang Chang Wu or publish relevant laws and policies.
From what has been mentioned above, we notice that Guang Chang Wu has its pros and cons which should be treated respectively.
As for myself, I am on the same page with the former idea that Guang Chang Wu's merits outweigh its demerits.
Nevertheless, some improvements should also be adopted to ameliorate the form of it, changing it into a better one to win more supportes.
First, it is advised that the Guang Chang Wu dancers had better turn down their audios or even put on headphones to lower the sound to address the problem of noise pollution.
Second, our country should legislate duely to regulate the form, the place and the time for Guang Chang Wu to prevent them from dancing in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Last but not least, mutual understanding and respect play a vital role in solving this issue.
The elderly should be considerate of whether their entertainment whould affect people's rest time or not and act accordingly, while the youth should show understanding and sympathy for the spiritual needs and comfort of the older generation.
Only when the both sides care for each other can we settle this matter eventually.
"You are the apple of my eye.
All I have shown to you is only a part of my love...".
This cheerful and light-hearted song lingers aroung my ears every night when I am walking on the square leisurely.
Whenever I lay my eyes on those delighted dances and listen to the familiar song, my mind would be occupied with deep thoughts.
I faithly hope that this rare and valuable art form could be properly improved and preserved, finally being carried forward from generation to generation.
My Favourite place is library at shool.
A library is a very quiet place.
When I'm free I usually go to library to study English,because library is a good place to learn English.
I'm care fully read some useful words and sentences.
Some times I like to read magazines,sometimes I like to read newspapers,I think English is a tool,so that I like to learn it at sparetime.
I'm an English learner.
I'll be concentrate in my energy to learn useful English.
Is very miraculous.
Bet also l like reading book very much.
So books can help me learn things.
So book like look my friend.
I and book stick together like glue.
I read English books, Chiese books in library with my friends.
So I like to study in the library.Once.
Reading changes me greatly.
Persons bring smile at read life.
The Spring Festival is the most popular festival in China.It's happens every year.but not on same day.We have a 7day holiday.
Spring Festivai is celebrated from the evening before it.It's a time for a tradional dinner with jiaozi amang family.We watch a special TV progamme until a midnight.As soon as it's12o'clock.then we play fireworks in the street .On the day of the Spring festival ,we usually get up early to visit our friends .
"Actions are representation of mind.
"quoted from Aristotle.
From time immemorial, what people do is considered to be the hypostatic expression of what people think.
However, word is just one way that people express their thinking to others, not always credible.
In history, great men usually use actions instead of words to reveal their ideas and attitudes.
First and foremost, we can see many famous generals use their action to prove themselves.
A good example is Montgomery, who brought victory of battle in EL Alamein desert to Britain in May, 1943.
Before he got his winning, Montgomery fully suffered query from the inland.
Most people distrusted about his ability to be a commander to face Rommel, the most famous German general.
