You may ask what if the judges that turn around is more than one, the answer is the sing will possess a chance to choose a dream jury from those who turn around.
All in all, I think though this program can provide a chance for those who have a bad look with a sweet voice, its intertainment function overweights the selecting use, for the who with a bad appearance won't be accept by the public ultimately.
I am L from Class One,Senior Two.
I'm writing this letter to apply for an opportunity to go to C School this summer ,I'm confident that I'm suitable for this activity.
I can live independently and I have a good knowledge of English so that I can show the primary students the best way to learn English.In addition I have an outgoing personality which makes me have no difficulty in communicating with others,thus I can teach them some English songs I'm pretty sure this activities will improve their interesting in English.
And in my opinion this activity will provide us with a channel through which we can improve our ability and skill on study.
Once I'm chosen,I will make every efforts to teach them , If you will offer me an opportunity,I will greatly appreciate to response from you at your earliest convenience.
As is vividly depicted in the picture above, two persons are talking about the neccessary of using credit cards as college students.
However, there have some people express their worries about that in society.
Nowadays, more and more college students tend to believe that it is available to use credit cards.
In my mind, it is necessary for college students to use credit cards mainly for the following reasons.
For one thing, credit cards are the inevitable result of social development, and they gradually play an indispensable role in daily life.
Especially, it decrease the trouble of check-out when go shopping in weekend.
For another thing, credit cards can effectively help them to pay the fee by transferring accounts among different area .Thus, it widely improve the degree of property's security.
Furthermore, as we all known is that credit cards usually are offered to these who have a highly reputation in banks, which meaning that the record of reputation will bring exhilarating effects when they hunting jobs.
The last but not least, it will cultivate the ability that the mojority of students do not have how to manage money matters .
In one word, for college students, using credit cards should be supported by sound reasons.
Rich or poor, young or old, we do need attachment.Love is a smile which can assist us get through difficult situations.
Love can open doors and split walls.
Love is just in my mind.
In my life,I can find so many small things which show me love is around us.
Perhaps, people who believe their parents must assume responsibilities to take care of them.
However the most important reason is love.
A little girl who stand in the street waiting for her mom.
When she saw her, she came to greet her mom happily.Meanwhile, considering mom must be fully tired, the little girl removed the heavy load from her mom to ease the pain in her back.
Such a little thing makes her smile.
Although the girl is too young to understand the pressure, it shows a daughter's love and caring.This is love which just in my mind.
Life is fragile, unstable and unpredictable.But love can present happiness to us which is a candle lighting in the dark.As if someone are feeling down or lonely, there is nothing better than to hug them and smile.Therefore actually, Love is in our mind holding me on,realizing my dream and letting me go strong.
I think Thomas Alva Edison is very creative.
Edison is a well-known inventor.He is an American.He mainly invented electric light,telegram,film camera ...His inventions are more than two thausand.
Edison's educational level is very low,he only go to primary school for important reason was that Edison is very creative.Inventing is different form finding.
Edison is creative also show in the part he invented the electric light,when he invented it,he could'nt find a good material to made it.He tried almost one thausand six hundred materials,but none of them were suitable.But,while nobody took note to the bamboo,he found it and created the electric light.
If we like thinking deeply and our thinking are very actively,we all can as creative as Edison.
I have received your letter about charging the tourism for playing at the seaside,but I can't let this plan by just of your letter.
If you provide specific evidence about evaluating the argument and illustrating evidence,this plan will be handed in to the Planing and Development Department.
First of all,you must fill in an application form,and there is a table of basic information.
Second,you should servery different aspects with the quality of water,the growth of algae,and the quantity of sand,and so on.
Then,you will investigate content into the file.
Finally,you also must write an article which included management mode,management status and management pressure.
If you want to change disordered state to the charge of management mode,you will think about charging in different time and feeling of the indigenous around the seaside.
I hope you can have a good preparation these documents.
Tourism Secretary.
We had a discussion of whether learning English is important at class recently.
There are two kinds of opinions about it.
And here are the results.
Over 72 percent of students think that it useful to learn English well.
They said if we want to show our culture to foreigners,we should learn English first.
And to open your eyes by knowing information from other countries,you should learn English.
Finally,well English learners have more chance to find a good job.
However about 26 percent of students in my class disagreed.
They think that it is a waste of time.
And it plays a bad role on other objects.
I believe we must learn English hard.
For every state in the world uses English.
So I hope everyone will speak English as their first or seconed language.
I knew you want to came China to teach english.Now,the Qianjin middle school require a teacher to teach english.Then,you need to teach one session for english.You should teach 2 class the spoken english and teach 10 class for a week.You is responsible for the english that the outside of class activity for every week.You can receive 4000 yuan for every month .You can get the return ticket and free accommodation.
Although I have been to many places, such as X, Y and Z, my favorite place is my hometown N county.
It's named BaiShuiYang.
It is composed of a marvelous flat stone, the water with only to the ankle.
Every summer, a lot of people came to the place.
Nevertheless I like it not because of this, I like it because there are my best* memories.
All of my youth time, there are I drunk dear partner and want to keep.
I don't want to lose the memories at all.
So I often miss this place, miss these people, I love this place.
Nowadays,one of the universal issues that draw growing concern is whether it is wise of people to save money.As we know,most of the students are careful with their money.There are many advantages of being careful with money.However some people think that all this may not make us smart consumers.But I think It's shame of us to waste money when we are students.
First,saving money can make us to be a thrifty person.It is a traditional practice to save money in our society.On the other hand,the money which you saved can be used to travelling,eating or do something meaningful.Such like help the orphans,beggars and poor people.When you want to buy something that you like it very much.You can try to save money over a period of time.Finally,when you get it by your efforts.You will feel a sense of accomplishment.
Secondly,it becomes harder to earn money than before.Our money comes from our parents.Parents work so hard to earn money every day.They can do anything for us.They just want us to have a good future.So we should not waste their money.It's like to waste parents'hard work.A good habit of being careful with money will help many people go through the difficult period or any difficult situation.
In brief it is true that being too careful with money may have some disadvantages.But we are students now.We only spend money but not to earn.So,it's necessary for us to save money.According to the information,we can find the successful people or rich people are also very frugal.So,if you want to be a successful person,you must learn to save money.
hi everybody,my name is C.I have been learning English for six years.Last year i think learning English is so easy.So.in Junior high school i was like English very much.Because i thingk English is important of world.So we should be good at it.
Not only i think English is don't diffcult but also i am not good at it.In High school i am not work hard in English.So i hope in the university i will be good at English.So i will work hard in it.In next year i would cry my best do English level 3 test.
and i think i can do it.so i hope ms wang can help me.
To love and to be loved is greatest happiness of existence .
As far as my knowledge is conorned everyone is borned with being loved .
It is mother's love what makes us grow up happily.
I love my mother very much .In my childhood , mother took care of me and in her eyes ,I am the whole world .
Mother do quantities of housework but she never make a complaint .
Mother is kind ,honest and patient so she is easy to get along with .
And her good qualities have great influence over me.
As well as mother is forgiving .
When I was a teenager, I always did something that made my mother angry .
But she forgave me.
Mother's love is the greatest love in the world .
And I will love my mother forever .
Many students wrongly assume that a university will ensure them better jobs.From primary school,we have be told that if you want a good job,you must study hard so that be adimtted a good university.Never the less,at the real life,many successful men have a good job who were not all graduated from a elite school.
Jackie Chan,international Kung Fu movie star.When he was six, he went to Academy of Traditional Chinese Opera where he taked in opera.After he entered the film industry with background of martial.In the film industry,he continually creates breakthough and myth.But he was not graduated from famous university.
Nowadays more and more college studnts graduates form college,Most of them are ambitious,they are eager to compete in big cities like Shanghai and Beijing.
In the first place, because almost all of the college students have no working experience,so they had a Poor payment.They have to live in bad conditions,two or more people live together in a narrow space,in the small space they sleeping eating and have fun each other,it's really poor.Because of the society development prices are rising steadily,they have to choose some bargins and eating some cheaper food and they have few recreational facilities, so I think those students are not easy.
So from now on try our best to do everything well,our lives will better day by day.
Conflicts with others are common in everyday life.
During the basketball game yesterday afternoon,Su Hua and Li Jiang bumped into each other,trying to catch the ball.
Then they started shouting,and it turned into a horrible quarrel.
To be honest,it was Su's fault but Li was also to blame-they were not calm enough and both said some really mean things.
They cared too much about winning and losing.
As a matter of fact,blocking,pushing and bumping are just part of a tough game.
To avoid such conflicts,we should be kind to one another,which is important to enjoying a harmonious life.
It is also a virtue to forgive and forget,especially in such a competitive and stressful society.
Instead of blaming each other,we should communicate more and put ourselves in others' place.
Don't be self-centered and try to think of others.
We must learn to do with conflicts calmly and wisely.
Mark Twain is famous as a great writer of short stories, master of humor teller, and also an orator.
In addition, he is generally recognized as a founder of critical literature in the United State.
The Adventure of Huckleberry Finn, one of Mark Twain's works, is viewed as the origin of American literature, which also helps Mark Twain to have established his fame as second Lincoln in the history of American literature.
Mark Twain can not only capture the significance of the age, but also find the soul of his own nation and devote himself to it.
Mark Twain was born in a poor family so he went out to apprentice since he was a child.
He ranged across the nation for more than a third of his life, experiencing different occupations.
Being a journalist and a writer of humor in Mark Twain's early life helped him gain writing experience understand the society.
However, with the development process from laissez-faire capitalism to capitalist-imperialism in America, Mark Twain changed his writing style from humorous to bitter satiric.
He is good at criticizing the democratic election and the essence of democracy in the United State with his humorous writing.
What's more, he uses bitter irony to expose Americans' opportunism and racial discrimination.
Mark Twain's writings are so powerful with unique angles that they are considered as the most epoch-making realism works in the history of American literature.
Mark Twain has countless masterpieces all his life from his first important work, The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County to his late work, The Man That Corrupted Hadley burg.
The Adventure of Huckleberry Finn is one of Mark Twain's significant works, which is a great contribution to American literature.
Hemingway once described The Adventure of Huckleberry Finn the one book from "all modern American literature comes".
There was a Chinese composer called Xian Xing hai.
He was famous for the song The Yellow River.
He wrote it in 1939.
He was one of the great composers of classical and traditional music .
He was born in Macao, China , 1905, but he died very young in 1945.
People called him "People's musician".
He studied in Paris and he used traditional Chinese music.
His songs are still popular today .
He was a great musician .
My mother is a characterless people in the world,but she is the most beautiful people in my heart .It's my mother who gave me life,and taught me how to learn and be a ture man.She takes good care of me in the daily life.In her heart ,she takes giving what she has to me for granted.All she want is I can have a better future.In the past ,I always get bored and can't understand she,when I was growing up,I came to understand her love.It's only shewho can bear my rudness and selfness.
Now I feel sorry for what I have done.I want to say:''mother ,I'm sorry ,I love you .Hope you have a healthy body and a happy life.
For many people are there dream to go to college and it is my dream too.Now I realize my dream.
I 'm very excited.
Now I have been into college for a month.I have found many different from high school.
First when I study in high school I have many kinds of lessons for example like math,Chinese,English...... and so on.Now I have little kinds of lessons it's so difficult.Then in high school my teacher,who always taught me to study hard.Now the everything by yourself.
Without knowing it the college life has been in the past one month.I will study hard to my college life to more beautiful.
It's been a while since we met last time.
I've been busy with my work recently.
Also my friends visited from my hometown and I spent the weekends showing them around the city and shopping with them.
And we went to the cinema and had a good time.
The movie we saw is called "A taxing woman".
The story is about a woman who's working for the taxation bureau finally got the cirminal evidence after her big effort and the boss who's commiting tax fraud was arrested.
I strongly recommend this movie because the taxing woman is so smart and have a strong sense of resposibility for job.
Watch it if you have time.
I'm planning a trip with my friends in your city and I would like to pay a visit to you.
Let me know your schedule and we may find some time to hang out together.
My favorite place is the playground,because it's not only bright but also interesting.
In class,the playground side tree is the most"happy",because they can comfortable quiet at the while at last.
The wind kissed trees,and the leaves will be dancing in the wind.
The bird stopped in the trunk,or lies down and sleep;some are singing cheerful songs;some are also danced.
After class,Persons on playground some are practicing bar,others are talking with their friends.
Moreover,when I was unhappy,I will go to the playground to bask in the sun,because it makes me relax and sane.
That will help me improve my grade.
Although the playground is miraculous,the playground is my favorite place at the school.
In spring,we play games on the playground.
After a quarter,we enjoy the cool in the shade.
And then,in autumn,collected leaves.
Finally,we together make a snowman and snowball fights in winter.
What is happy That's why I like the playground.
In my opinion,playground is very interesting and exciting.
Spring playground is full of vitality,summer playground verdant trees,autumn playground like water,winter playground is a snow world.
I love the playground,the picturesque of № 97 Middle School playground.
That is a question.
we meet strangers everywhere in our daily life, and some of them may need our help in some little things, such as showing them the way to somewhere or take a photo for them and so on.
Different people have different views.
Some people think that help strangers are an excellence.
They ask for our help because they really need our help-cause we are strangers, we are not familiar with each other.
May be likened to lift a finger.
And they will thank us.
On the other hand, some people regard helping others as troubles in their daily life, and they think helping strangers will bring troubles and dangers to them.
Sometimes, maybe they are just busy doing some other things, but someone coming over and asking for some help, it will interrupt their train of thought, it is really nettlesome.
As far as I'm concerned, it is necessary to help strangers if they really need help.
Helping strangers can not only satisfy the strangers' demand, but also make us feel happy.
Helping strangers, delighted ourselves, everybody should help strangers if we can.
Guy, work hard and go to Peking university one day.
From the moment I could remember, words like that always deprived my memory.
Each time, what I can reply was just nodding my head slightly.
For an innocent boy, I can't understand the meaning of that indeed.
But , from then on, entering Peking University had become my target.
She is the synonym of holy and glory.
With the growth of age, however, I gradually got it that Peking University was the first and most notorious university in China.
In addition to her long history, she was also the cradle of science and democracy in Old China, which bringed spring breeze to this ignorance and oppressed age.
Moreover, in recent hundred years, the Peking university have groomed a lot of excellent scholars, writers and scientists who contributed all their life energy to our nation's again-rising.
You have every reason to evaluate her as the greatest university in China.
Just as Victor Hugo put it, the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Although I am sitting in the classroom of SEU currently, my original goal have never changed.
However enormous the competition is, I will spare no effort to pursuit my dream.
Let me be a curious, creative and critical doer who conforms to the standard of my dream university.
I am a graduate, and I have a girlfriend.
I am 25 years old, and I have not begin to make money for myself, let alone for my parents.
As you can see, the employment in our country, refer to particular to the agriculture, is very severe.
Then , I fell the pressures deeply.
When I am senior, I attempt to find a job and to marry my girlfriend.
However, my friend and me did not find a job, accurately to say, there is not a good job.
So she and me decided to become a graduate student.
Now we both come to Beijing to study.
We have not known that it is hard to be a graduate than to be a undergraduate student .
The tutor, you know, staring at me everyday nearly, and I must achieve some experiment and obtain the results and analysis.
At the first year, I must attend class and pass every course.
This year I am the freshman relative to my brothers and sisters, so they must work to do experiments late everyday, and often worry about if the result comes or to be useful.
I believe I will become them someday, and the pressures on my shoulder will be very great.
It is because I am a man, and I have a girlfriend.
The price of the house in china is so high, you know.
An expert said that you must work for 80 years without eating and drinking, if your salary is 3000 yuan and if you want to buy a house.
Generally speaking, the man will pay the cost.
Furthermore, I often buy something for my girlfriend.
So I have pressure on the economic.
Every boy studying graduate have a big pressure, including studies, experiments, to buy a house, employment, and so on.
But if you are a girl, you do not have such more pressure, and you need to enjoy the life only.
I want to study English for different reasons.
First of all, I think I'm interested in studying English.
Secondly, as far as I'm concerned, not only can studying English develop our wisdom, but also it provides us with an opportunity, through which we can read foreign books in original.
Last but not least, with the development of our country,we are to be faced with more and more situation, in which we need to communicate with others in English.
So, these aspects are the reasons for my wanting to study English.
Cellphones, one of the greatest inventions, invented in 21century, have played an important role in our daily life.
At first, it used to contact people.
Now, it uses to entertain.
It's shortening the distance between people, also makes our life become more colourful.
As for students should be allowed to use cellphones in classrooms.
Some people think students can use cellphones in classroom.
They say it makes it convenient for students to search data.
They can read news and learn more about world.
Also, this is a good way to relax.
When students feel tired, they can play game on it or listen to some music which can relax themselves.
Each coin has two sides.
Some people against the idea, they say if student brings cellphones to school, and they can not control themselves, they will spend much time on cellphones.
It can influence their study, they can not concentrate on study.
It may make them fall behind others.
In my opinion students can use cellphones in classroom, but, they need to make a list what time they can use, what they can do on phones.
They also need to keep their time in using phones.
Only control themselves, can they be balanced on study and entertainment.
In this way they can get more from cellphones, though cellphones they can see what are happening, on the world.
we are pleased to inform you that goods in our NO.29 sales confiemation were shipped by Pearl Freighter .And it was transported by MAY FLOWER freighter.
The appointment will be dealed with cost and freight .We mailed to you through fax in March 15,2013 so that you cover .
Davis.
Most of us misunderstand AIDS,they think AIDS means dangerious and death .as you can see ,putting ourselves safety to the first position is right ,but do you know how many people suffer from AIDS ,how do they hack life ?
According to the veodio ,the paitent from Africa account a lot ,it means not only do they tolerate hunger but also dissease ,they need more help especially love and care.These Photographys without sounds as like declarling they are dying and they are living far away from happiness .Dinking a cup of coffee and have a eaasy lunch may be ashamed ,wo can not enjoy our lives at ease ,we must do something .
The girl tell us some stories happened ,a grandma guarded a boy until he dead ,a little boy"s wish was not a toy ,a candy ,but a slipper ,in a word ,they were cheat by god ,but we have duty to help them,just because we are brother without racial discrimination .
If i can approach to them ,l can kiss them ,i want to make them fell love ,they are also allowed to hold on to happliness .
As we all know,love is the most important power in our life.It can warm people's heart and make people do better.Every morning, when I get up,my parents are preparing for my breakfast.At night,I usually go over my lessons very late,but my parents never go to bed before I finishing my homework,because they don't want me to feel lonely.I feel very warm.When they get old,I'll try my best to take care of them.
A growing number of universities are open to society and tourists .This practice offers tourists to breath university's atmosphere.It also benefits those who are willing to visit but are stopped at the door.
Although be open to society and tourists to universities enjoys distinct advantages that is supported partially by the public.In their opinions,university is a public occasion and the whole society would reinforce attention to education.However,there is opposition think university is a place where to receive education.Therefore,universities shouldn't be open to Individuals who have nothing to do with education.
From my point of view,be open to society and tourists to universities will cause a good deal of problems.Such as students' bikes or other things are stolen.People and things will be complicated.
It is well-known that the cinema is a popular pastime.The audience enjoys the wonderful plot and the exquisite performance of actors from the film.But with the increasing application and improvement of technology,more special effects distract the people's attention .As a result,the film's touching and inspiring appeal is losing.I consent to the suggestion that the use of technology should be limited to some extent.
A film which can attract and inspire the people has two key factors.One is the story itself and the plot,the other is the performance of actors.A good play has the character which penetrates audience's soul and affects them.So the plot is the most important to a film.Film maker should put more emphasis on the play with absorbing plot rather than special technology.Fine actors are another factor.
Professional,skilled and responsible plays can show exactly the plot,and their performance would impress deeply on the viewer.
Nevertheless,limited the use of technology does not mean it is prohibited thorough.The appropriate use of it can enhance the visual effect,but the excessive use and the more special effects would make people feel the film is unreal.
From the foregoing,a good film which attracts people depends on the plot and the performance of actors mainly,not the special effects.The use of application and technology should be limited to a certain extent.
i am glad to hear your stories and i would like to share my story with you.
one day.only me and my grandma at home.
my grandma is watching tv and i am playing computer game.
when i am happy when i am playing.
the computer suddenly virus.
i am very angry and very anxious.
i hurried off to find my grandma.
i can not say,grandma,you come to see my computer poisoning.my grandma think of a lot time, shexciting talk to me that i have a idea and you wait to me.
i am so happy to hear it.
i get out to watching tv.
After a while .when i come to my room.the increble images appear befor me.
My computer is plugged in.
my computer is transfusioning.my grandma happily said, looking here is cause damage poisoning i am feel helpless vegy much so i thing i have generrating to my grandma.
i think the stoy main cause is due to lack of communcation and undstanding each other.
I'm sorry that I haven't written to you for a long time.
Since I stepped into the gate of the university, I've been at a loss for what I should learn and what I ought to do during my college life.
Now I have an aphorism said by Francis Bacon to share with you.
Nowadays, most young people on campus spend most of their time only on Math, Science and English because they're eager to learn the skills for their future jobs.
However, salary should not be the only thing that drives us to learn.
To be a good student or a wise man, I feel obliged to learn History, Literature and Philosophy so as to accumulate more knowledge and broaden my horizons.
So in the long run I suggest that we pay more attention to these subjects.
At the beginning of this term, I missed you and many other friends very much, as well as my family.
Now I'm busy with my study and many fantastic activities.
How I wish we could play it with other friends now.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
I hope you'll have a fantastic time during the following years.
Best wishes.
We in the university life in almost all rely on their own efforts, because we grew up, so the university teacher doesn't like the former teacher restrict our freedom, there are a lot of things to learn, therefore, we often go to the library is the place.We want to read the book in the library, there are a lot of students in a quiet read a book, because the mobile phone is indispensable contact tools, so many students put the mobile phone into the library, however, the bell will influence many students, even their own will be affected.
Although we live in today,in the library, should not bring mobile phone, this is the respect to others, is to respect knowledge.
With Am home market already mature, they looked to expand to new pastures.
The European market attracts the Americans for many factors.
Many early stage investments set up offices locally and London is regarded as the ideal location form where to explore the European market.
Most of the American VCs target the European market with a dedicated fund, but there exists VCs opening without a dedicated fund.
The American VCs invest across the investment life cycle and mainly focus on the areas of semiconductors and microprocessors, IT and software, biotechnology and healthcare product, telecommunication and media.
However, it is far more difficult than the Americans originally thought for them to capitalize on the expertise they had.
When highly-valued stock market comes,they have irrationally rushed into deals.
They should be patient and build companies rather than looking for quick money.
Although there are a lot of difficulties, opportunities lie in the niche markets where they are able to make full use of their advantages.
In the long run, there are still some obstacles, such as low tolerance for risk taking and regional differences.
However, it is still optimism for the Americans to build another Silicon Valley in Europe.
I am very glad to hear from you, my hobby is playing basketball.
I spend a lot of time playing basketball after school every day.
But, I always play basketball after learning the job.
After I get home, I write my homework first, then play basketball.
I often play basketball with my friends on Sunday afternoon.
The class is very tired but I like to play basketbal.l playing basketball can let me relax.
I think I love hobby brings me pleasure.
But playing basketball is good for my health.
I think hobbies can help us to grow.
I think my hobby is very good.
Nowadays,science and technology develop very quickly.There is no doubt that they give us many benefits.And life is becoming more and more convenient.Apart from this,new discoveries and technology in medicine improve people's health,which allows then to enjoy a longer life.
But as time goes by,the disadvantages of it came up.For example,computers make it easy to solve problems.But it makes friends more and more unfamiliar because they are addicted to play computer games online.
And a matter of fact,most of the improvements in science are made at the cost of our precious natural resources and have done great harm the environment where we live.
So wo should obey our rules to use science and technology.
We should polite for others,helpful and try to be anyone frindly with other.If we to do like it the country will become more and more good.
We should to active to be a person for other,we should to try our's best to make our hometown to become more and more beautiful.
We should to keep the expensice,to love life,don't to try others feel unhappy.
I think we can try we best to be good,i believe Yangzhou will become well.
we can to make our hometown to become better than before and we shoud to make Yangzhou to have a good feel for any people in the world.
College is a place which bridges the ordinary school life with society; college is a place which qualifies me for the society .
Fresh insights and a rich fund of knowledge gained in college can make me qualified to survive in the competitive society.
During the past 2 years, I have learned how to communicate in English, how to understand the unique culture of a certain country, and even how to put the knowledge into practice and then turn it into a money-making method.In my spare time, I took advantages of what I had learned to earn some pocket-money.
It is not until I was enrolled into the college that I have to manage myself.
In high school, all I had to do was concentrating on my study, but life completely changes in college.
Except for the heavy study tasks, many chores are also included in my daily life, like doing laundry, preparing the meals and shopping for the necessities.
Gradually, I am conscious of the importance of self-management and it will ensure me to live an independent and efficient life in the future.
During the past 2years, I have developed friendships with people from different circles and I am sure the relationships will promise me more chances and convenience to success in the complicated social competition.
In my first year, buying a computer was a painful but an inevitable problem for me who almost knew nothing in this area.
A friend helped me a lot.
It is he who gathered information, chose a suitable one and installed the software.
With the help, I succeeded in dealing with the difficult problem.
As you see, college qualifies me for the society because it promotes my ability to survive, to live and to succeed.
What happend so that not until you break up with him did you are very sad.It is very suiprising .Because you were got well with mary a few days.
I think you should add chance that increase the chance of communication for your relationship so that open the heart.
Above all, in the future you should be understanding each other, share with each other the happy or anrgy.
I wish you would be reconciled.
She has a pair of keen eyes which can speak.
With her eyes, she observed my mood, gave me courage and made me strong.
Therefore, I could face difficulties.
She is my mother.
When I was a baby learning to walk, my mother always lent me a hand and encouraged me to get up while I fell down.
As I finally threw myself into her arms, her eyes smiled with praise.
Later as I grew up, I met with more difficulties.
gave me hope and encouragement.
Once I failed in exams, my mother encouraged me to find out the reasons.
Instead of blaming me she pushed me to do better.
At last I overcame the difficulty.
Now I have grown up and become more independent, but whenever I come across setbacks, my mother's eyes are always with me encouraging me wherever I go.
At present, mang peopie is rely on computer, especially mang teengers are crazy about playing computer games.
sometime, the computer can help us solve mang probiems.
but, we didn't find computer do harmfui to us.
To be honest useing computer is convince in our life .
when we meet some diffcuit problems.
it can heip us ang help us in study.
so we more ang more rely on it .
but, this feel is wrong, As a matter cf fact , something isn't use computer solve.
on the other hand , it can make us lost us independence.
So ,accroading this appearance In my opinion, we should try our best to control use computre"s time .
don"t cyazy about playing computer games.
I beliene we can do it.
Traditional reading can make us feel real.It is the good way to get more kowledge and enrich our life.
But, you have not enough space to put the books if you have too much .
it must be bad for our eyes.
choose an appropriate way to ourselves.
L is an outgoing girl who likes traveling around the world,and she wants to visit London and Beijing first.Last year,she went to London by plane.She found everything was interesting to her,but she did not like the bad weather in London because it was dump very much.She visited a lot of museums and got a lot of knowledge,and she ate different food that was not delicious to her.This year,she went to Bei Jing by train.She was very excited to everything except the cold weather thereShe went to the Great wall, the Forbidden city and the Tiananmen square where the scenery was very beautiful.She took some photos and showed them to me last week.She liked the food in Beijing because it was very delicious.Comparing with London,she prefers to get to Beijing again.
We have begun the college life.
There is no doubt that everything too fresh.
So I would like a pleasant time of it in my college life.
First of all,I will work hard.
Nothing is more important than to study.
The harder you work, the more progress you make.
Second,at the spart time,I can do something that I like.
I can join in some clubs so that they can make me joy.
Last but not least,in the new environment,I will make many friends.
SO precious is friendly that we can't lose it.
An advantage of making friends is that we can help each other in trouble.
There is no one but longs to make more friends.
I will make my college life meaningful and colorful.
Finding happiness in learning.
Know the help classmates.
I am looking forward to spending four years in college and make it more meaningful.
I would try my best to lead a fulfilled life.
I am a south china tiger,the king of the forest and nature.I am strong,all the animals are feared me.And I am also a handsome man in the animals' world.My fur is ogange and black, and I'm 2 metres long.My food is pig ,deer,and sheep.And we always lives on our own.
I am very good at swimming,but I have no idea in climbing tree.And our lifetime is about 20 years.
The place we live is the south-westChina with forests.Maybe we looked strong,but we are losing a large number because human are killing us for our bone and fur.They are worth a largr amount of gold.And you can't see us in many places we used,because we have to keep away from human's hunting.
In my opion:if you guys keeping hunting us,you won't see us anymore in two or three years.So,you must try your best to protect us,and stoping hunting.
Of couse,you also can keep some of us in the native area to raise ournumber.
Rember,protect us is different to protect the nature,protect the nature is a different to protect yourselves.
Thesis statement: It is a truth universally acknowledged that Spring Festival Gala has become an irreplaceable part in people's life since the last 30 years during the Spring Festival.
Therefore it is relatively ridiculous to cancel the Spring Festival Gala.
There is no doubt that Spring Festival Gala brings us happiness and cheerfulness.
Compared with other superficial or simple programs, most programs during the Spring Festival Gala are entertainment programs which entertain us.
It provides people with a perfect platform to be together, get pleasure, and talk about the programs under an easy and cheerful condition while watching.
Spring Festival Gala provides opportunities for many talented people to show themselves to the audience all over the country.
People with different talents and different achievements will have chance to realize their dreams.
In spite of failing in the final competence, they will learn a lot from the process of preparing the Spring Festival Gala.
Spring Festival Gala makes great contribution to the prosperity of economic development.
With worldwide attention, TV industry will get more money through broadcasting Sping Festival Gala programs.
It's a categorically big commercial advertisement show which contains inexhaustible business opportunities.
We can hardly do anything without a friend for life,especially when we begin live on campus in college.
I find that there are a lot of troubles wait for us to confront.Such as, Many roommates smoke in the dormitory.For this reason,We often quarrel with each other,and our dormitory always in a mess.
People all attach great importance to the recognition of true friendship in their dormitories.Roommates would give us supports if we are in trouble.
As far as I am concerned,There are several ways that can create a more harmonious dormitory life.We should drive our efforts to improve our levels.First,We should analyse how to get rid of our habits.When an annoying situation arises,We should try our best to stop it.On the other hand,We should try our best to dormitory life for the sake of good study and positive life.
In a word, A harmonious dormitory life is crucial to college students and benefits all the members.In order to improve the level of our dormitory,I am extremely willing to clean the room everyday!
With the development of the university's education, there's a tendency that many university students go to classes optionally.
But some people hold the opposite point of view.
They believe that university students should be required to attend classes.
In my opinion, going to classes should be optional.
Because we university students are adults, we have the right to choose which courses we want to have.
Besides, we can choose classes which we need or want to attend.
Further more, university isn't as primary or high school.
It gives us a stage where we can learn self-management.
Firstly, almost every student in the university is adult.
They are mature enough to make a decision that whether they should go the class.
If they are required to attend every class, they are just like kids who still need discipline.
And they don't have spare time to manage their life reasonably.
Secondly, the courses arranged to students are not suitable for everyone.
Many students have their own goals and interests.
And sometimes they want to learn some other courses, but the fact is that they don't have more free time to learn it.
If we have the right to attend classes optionally, we can learn what we want to learn.
And we can realise our dream more easily.
Thirdly, university provides us with a stage in which we can learn to manage the daily life by ourselves.
We need this stage to develop our competence of self-control, self-management and self- study.
Only attending classes optionally can we learn more.
And in this way, we can quickly be competent.
In a word, attending classes optionally are beneficial for university students.
It not only makes them more competent, but also makes the university develop.
So, going to classes should be optional for university students.
Setting off firecrackers during the Spring Festival is the most busy, I was no exception, but different was I also brought two special children.
The two children were special because one is my sister, the other is one of my sister's friends,both of them like to set off firecrackers, but were afraid of, so I was the only the elder sister to help them.
Every time they all ears when put a firecracker, I taught them brave little by little, slowly, they finally dare to set off firecrackers, I had a sense of pride.
There is mush stress in life.
Some time, stress makes us tired and anxious, even destroy our faith.
But, there is no stress, there is no motive power.
As the saying goes, challenges always come with chances, stress always lives with motive power.
If you face stress properly, it will make you succeed.
On the contrary, it also causes fail.
There are some people.
They all suffered too much stress, and it ruined them.
But stress also makes them succeed again.
I thought that the most of stress is made by yourself.
Faced stress, it is necessary to know that proper stress is important to life.
The doctor, named Siler, is the most effective doctor in the field of stress and life.
He suggested that stress is not also bad, but benefit for life.
People should try to discover these benefits.
LuoQi is a lively example.
She ever failed, but she succeed now.
We live in reality, so we often move ahead with stress.
But, it is not the cause of fail.
The love to life, the open attitude to fate and the expect to tomorrow is necessary for everyone.
Faced stress straightly, you can go out.
Only our heart still exists, we can find the beautiful world.
She, named LuoQi is the singer of The compass.
In 1990s, she was the leader of rock and roll.
Because of quarrel, her left eye was blind.
In order to release stress, she began to take drug.
Later, she was exposed.
She had no choice but to go to German.
Last year, she took part in "I am a singer".
She succeed now.
The most stress is made by yourself.
If you can win yourself, you will win the world.
Sometime, stress is too much to us.
So, we should learn to release stress.
Only we know how to release, we can do best.
There is one thing.
A child suffered accident.
He was trapped in the bottom of car.
If no one helped him, he would die.
His father moved the car and saved him.
Usually, no one can move a car.
But, his father did it.
Love is the reason.
When his father full of stress, the love makes him stronger.
This thing proves that wonder is caused by stress.
Stress has two sides.
In this condition, stress makes father save his child.
Many athletes failed in the Olympic games.
There are some famous athletes.
They failed because of stress.
Stress made them do bed.
Rather, there are dark horses in Olympic games.
They did not have too stress.
So they can do best.
Even they can surpass themselves.
Stress is the trouble that we have to face.
It is no way to avoid it.
Stress is fuel of life.
Let us face stress straightly.
Stress also is the motive power.
The more stress, the more power.
Recently I have carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of my classmates think that it is necessary for high school students to get online frequently.First,we can get knowledge and open our social view.We can learn more about world by finding information online.Second,we can communicate and chat with our friends.We can share our happiness and sadness with them.Last,we can also relax ourselves by looking through websites.
However,other students think that we should not get online frequently.The reason is:The radiation from the computer does harm to our eyes.Although we can relax and chat with our friends,but it is easy for some students to lose themselves in it.And it takes us lots of time to look through the internet.
But in my opinion,I think we should use the internet appropriately.And we should not depend on the internet too much.We should use it for our lives and studies.
Frankenstein is a film what directed by Kenneth Branagh.
The two main actors are scientist Victor, played by Kenneth Branagh, and the monster, played by Robert Deniro.
In 17th century, there was scientist called Vactor, he think the human's life is pretty weak, he wants to make the people become inmortal, so he breaked the taboo, use his professor's brain and the died people's body to creature a creature.
But this creature out of his control, it was killed Victor's brother, his sister, his father and his fiancee.
For to kill it, Victor went to the North pole, and met a group explorer which wants to go to the pole.
Victor told his own to them, and asks those explosers to buck to the land.
Finally, victor is died, and the creature burned itself and Victor's body just for join him.
The film opens with about 40 minutes to tell the people the normal life of victor, also show us the human being's weak is the idea of victor ant to create the life to save the human.
At the end of the film, we learned about: " The dream is good, but if we decide to use the all thing and all way whatever bad or good to achieve it, which might not be good.
This not only is a science fiction but also a feature film.
This film talks about the dream and the family.
In recent years, there are more and more teenagers have become overweight.
There are many reasons for this situation, such as eating too much fast food, or exercising much less.
In my opinion, the most important excuse is sitting too long on the chair everyday, so we seldom go to take part in the different activities.
In the daily life, we should have healthy diets.
Vegetables and fruit have a good effect on us, so we need to eat more.
We can eat too much sugar and meat.
Every day, we should exercise for at least one hour.
For example, we can go to school by bike or on foot, that can help us get into shape.
Of course, we should pay the most attention to studying hard.
However, we also need to keep fit at the same time.
Health is more important than anything.
Nowadays, many college students lack Social Practice.
On the one hand, they cannot have access to Social Practice.
On the other hand, they do not want to intend Social Practice, because they consider that Social Practice is very hard.
Some of them never have suffered hardships.
As we know, practice is the unique way to evidence the truth.
College students have taken in rich theories.
Only if we can get the theory and the practice together, we can achieve more.
So, college students should take the active part in Social Practice.
In my view, it is extremely significant for college students to participate in Social Practice.
On the one hand, we can abtain more that we can not absorb from books.
On the other hand, we can adapt to the society and experience the hardships of employment and life earlier.
So, I would take part in Social Practice in my free time.
Today I will introduce you my classmate Coco.
Coco is not only my classmate but also one of my close friends.She is taller than any other girl in my class and she has short hair.She wears glasses as most students in my class.In my impression,Coco is a silent and a calm girl.As she does everything clearly.At school,she often gets good marks and we usually help each other.
Actually,she is much stronger than me,for she loves taewondo and does well in it.Also she enjoys reading.The thing that she preferred is staying in the library fot the whole day!
Well,this is my classmate.In spite of the fact that we have contradictions sometimes,she is always my best friend.
The human being always believe that they are the most highest animal in the natural,occupied the top in the food chain.So,they hurt other animals in order to serve their own interests.Nowadays,many kinds of animals on the brink of extinction.There are many reasons,such as the natural environment has been changed.Nonetheless,in my opinion,the most principal reason is that human were greed and selfishness.In one word,no business,no killing.
No business,no killing.People may think that the shark is invulnerable killing machine, that shark populations range is vast, inexhaustible number of But the opposite is true, sharks are a natural fragile creatures.Several years ago,a large number of people revealed that the shark fin is the nutritious food,in that ,the business man need to improve the yield of the shark fin.Nonetheless not many people know the production method of the shark fin.After they catch the shark,cuts the fin living,this is no doubt that how painful the shark was.However,more painfully were in behind.In that they are no fins,after they were returned to the sea,they only sank beneath the sea,can't move anymore until they are eaten by other fishes.That cruel people,not only injure the sharks,but also destroy the food chain.As while,they also damage the environment.Finally,the victims are human beings.
There are many more example,so,an increasingly number of people realized that we should protect our environment.Many starts take the public service ads in order to protect wild animals.As far as I am concerned,all of us should protect wild animals,especially those on the brink of extinction,refusing to wildlife products and eating wild animals.If there is no need,the business man wouldn't hurt the animals.That is no business,no killing.
My favourite animal is a wolf.
It's grey.
It has two small ears,two white eyes,four legs and short tail.
It can run very fast.
It lives in the jungle.It looks like a dog.It eats other animals.
Nowadays, with the number of graduations developing in an unprecedented rapid speed.
As is known to all, the competition between job market is becoming more and more fierce, so finding a job has also become a difficult task to people.
For one thing, people should attach importance to their subjects and make great efforts to them.
We may read more books about the job that we are going to attend to.
As British leader, Churchill was a great statesman and speaker.
In World War II, Nazis were rampant; Hitler ruled Germany and wanted to be the chief of Europe and even the world.
At that time, Russia is the object of his attack.
Britain as a member of the European countries, Churchill published the speech on behalf of the British.
This speech began that the heroic Russian soldiers defend their homes.
Even through the Russian economy is backward, the lives of the people are very happy and well-being.
In the text, Churchill said "I see the ten thousand villages of Russia where the means of existence is wrung so hardly from the soil, but where there are still primordial human joys, where maidens laugh and children play ", which described that the Russian people lived happily in their country.
On the contrary, brutal German soldiers were going to destroy it.
This is a strong contrast that Churchill used the words, "bread-winner, champion, protector" and other commendatory to praise Russian soldiers and "drilled, docile, brutish" and other derogatory to describe the Nazis, which reflect the British are dissatisfied with Nazis and friendly to the Russian.
They will not only unite Russia to against Nazi Germany, but also strengthen their positions.
The image of the United Kingdom in the world is peaceful.
Then Churchill further elaborated, "this is no class war but a war in which the whole British Empire and Commonwealth of Nations is engaged, without distinction of race, creed, or party ... .... "This sentence reflects the double meaning.
First, hide the struggle between capitalism and communism, when facing the enemy, we have to unite and cooperate together to fight for the peace of Europe and the world.
Second, it also suggests that, although British and Germany stood united front, it does not mean that he agreed with communism.
This is Churchill's intelligence.
In the penultimate paragraph of his speech, he clearly analyzed the attempts of German Nazis.
Churchill's main purpose is to arouse indignation and zeal to protect their homes.
The last paragraph, it said that everyone should defend the world, but in fact it suggested that the British people need to defend their homes.
This speech caused uproar in the world.
The United States, Britain, and Russia stood united front, and it brought peace to the world.
My school is very beautiful and clear.
There are playgroung, library, classroom and music classroom.
But, my favourite place at school is library.
There are many all kinds of books.
Because i like read, so i like there.
Reading is my hobby.
Reading has become my hobby since i was young.
I often asked my mother to tell me stories when i was a child.
Reading can make me relax.
My most favourite European country is Switzerland.So let me tell you something about it.
Switerland is a developed country which is situated in the center of the Europe,covering an area of 4,100,000 square kilometres and has a population of 75,000,000.The capital city is Berne.It also has a famous city called Geneva.The countries next to Switerland are Austria,French,Italy and Germany.
The country is also famous for its beautiful scenery.It's known as " world's garden".The watch,chemistry and food industry are very advanced there.
I like there very much.
There are many people who I love.Neverthless especially in one person who I call a mother.I am strongly influened extremely so much by what I actually feel.
My mother is a respectable woman .her templar is tender .she makes my home clean and beautiful .As I was a child .my mother took care of me patiently .she is always patient to teach me anything.something was unforgettable .
when I was a senior three students ,there was a dig studying stress I always lose my temper as I return home.
I complained anythings and I was unwilling to eat meals .
my mother is a good cook .
she cooked astonishing food .
it looked different and tested delicious .
she tried herself best to improve my life.
she alse encouraged me to change thoughts about study opinion.
I learned a lot from my mother.
I love my mother .
I hope that she always has a happy life.
I will try my best to meet her wish .
Actually,before entering SEU I thought classes in the university would be active,colorful and eased.
Besides,the teacher is warm and considerate,even become one of classmates.
Everyone can play some innocuous jokes on each other to enhance our relationships.
Happily,we will live in an atmosphere of harmony and have a good time.
No one will make even a little quarrel with somebody.
Even though we have some different ideas with others,we can sit down and have a talk,whatever fierce or peaceful.
After having the first class,I get my surprise.
I found what I dreamed come to life.
As a matter of fact, they do, we all do.
Everyone is in a great condition,we all can get along well with each other.
In class we participate in heated discussion, we think earnestly, we strengthen our oral English in class.
To tell the truth,ideal classroom teaching that in my mind is that I am enjoying.
Recently a survey has been done about the question ways of obtaining information .In accordance with this survey :72% people obtained information by watching TV ,only 12% people read newspapers to care about the word .
As far as I'm concerned newspaper is a good way of obtaining information.First news report is more further than TV reports ,it is promising for us to understand.On the other hand ,the newspaper we can read again and again,don't worry miss anyone ,but the TV can't do this point .Last but not least , when people reading newspapers , their will think more about this news and make us more and more wisdom.
Last weekend,when I went out off the supermarket,I witnessed a traffic accident at the crossroad.
The situation was extremely severe.I saw the accident happening with a big bang.A lorry near the bus hit the car which came from the right hand.As a result,one side of the car was all smashed in.Fortunately,there was no one killed.Only the driver of the car was injured and was rushed to the hospital by the ambulances.
The cause of the accident was that the traffic signals did not work that day.On the one hand,the lorry driver did not see the car because of the bus,which was too big to block his view.When he saw the car,it is no time for him to avoid the clash.On the other hand,the car's speed was somewhat fast although it was going to change its way at the crossroad.
What will the life of the future look like?No one knows forsure.
feel relaxing and quiet.Another,I am also like play ping-pong.I think it can make me get health .
In the future,my life and work will be much more colorful.
Nowadays,with the development of social economics and techonology,our life is easier than what it was several decades ago,and it is often the case that there are more and more university students arroundus.
As for university life,there are different views depending on individual opinions.some people think a university student should live alone to be independant so that she or he will have a chance to fit in with their future life.other people however think that a university student is opposed to live with others,which will bring company and fun.
In my opinion,there is no absolute conflicts between being independant and living with others.it is known to us all that only when we learn to be independant can we lead a new life,but at the same time,we also need an art to get along well with others and creat a harmonious surrounding to improve ourself comprehenively.So try to be independant and friendly.
You told me that you want to know something about the Lantern Festival.
Let me tell you something about this festival.
The Lantern Festival is a traditional festival.
On that day,we often go out at night to enjoy the lanterns.
Do you like Lantern Festival?I like this festival very much because I can play with my friends.
I think this festival is really fun.Do you think so?
I wish that you can come to China.
There are 40 percent of people think that it's a good idea to keep animals in the zoos.
Animals live in the zoos won't be killed or hurt easily What's more, human can visit them in a friendly way.
Anyway, there're 60 percent of people think that the animals should live in the wild.
The animals will lose their freedom if they're kept in the zoos.
Even though people can visit animals in the zoos, it's bad for animals to live in the way they don't like.
In my opinion, people should pay more attention to the animals.
Human beings made the animals lose their homes by polluting the earth.
As a teenager, it's our pleasure to do something for our dear friends----animals.
It is the consequence of humanity.
We are all formed of frailty and error; let us forgive reciprocally each other's folly.
That is the first law of nature.
No matter what we do, we are always involved with other people, whether we want.
What we do even alone is affected by other people.
From the day we are born, other people touch our lives in almost everything we do.It's not just other people who affect us.
We affect them as well.
Think of that shoes in sports.
You may be shoes because you have sports so often.
You may buy a back pack to carry clothes an other year.
By buying these things, you and other sportsmen help to boost business.
You help make jobs for shoes makers, salespeople, and many others.
And, if you speak loudly, you may spoil someone else's peace and quiet.
If you leave litter, you would spoil the natural beauty of the area.I think tolerant other people is tolerant ourselves.It's a good quality for people to get long well with others!
It is true that we all depend on other people and that we all want to be happy and get on with one another in harmony.
Never the less, things are not always what we think .
We might have some friction with a member of the family or a quarrel with someone in the neighbourhood.
We might have get cross with classmates or teachers.
We might break relations with our close or distant relatives or break ties with our close friends.So as you know,Tolerance is very crucial for us to live!
Young married women in society have three different roles.
First of all,a young married woman plays the role of a wife.
Every woman will have a new role when she marries her husband.
At that time, the woman will be a wife and she will work together with her husband for their own family.
As a wife, the woman may play a more important role in her family than her husband.
As we all know, in Chinese society, a wife may pay more attention to family, like looking after family members and doing more housework.
The next role is mother.
It is obvious that when a woman has a baby she becomes a mother.
At the same time, it means more responsibility, carefulness, love, and so on.
Actually, the role of a mother is more difficult than the role of a wife.
It means the mother to give up her job and to look after her baby.
Also, a mother will not have much time for her favorite things, like going shopping, chatting with friends or doing other things.
The first thing in a mother's daily life is her baby.
The third role is just themselves.
Young married women are young people and they have their own ways of life.
Nowadays, most of the young married women don't choose to be housewives who put all their efforts to their families.
Young married women are willing to have a job and have a colourful life instead of staying at home.
Nowadays, many university students lives are very colorful and rich.
So they can choose to do many other things in their classes time.
And think attending their classes on time is not important.So it is very common phenomenon for some university students to be late for or even be absent from their classes now.
Still, there are some students who slip out of the classroom before the class is over.So class attendance has become an agonizing problem to both the students and the teachers.
In order to handle such a thorny problem the university students should be required to attend their classes on time.
Firstly, it is very important for university students to attend their classes.It will make them develop many good habits.
For example, if they attend their classes on time, they must get up or get in bed on time.
So that they form good habits that are good for their health.
At the same time, it limits their thinking development that spends the trashy and the meaningless time and they can have a good habit to think.
Second, attending their classes will ensure them to catch up with the teachers in their learning.That is very helpful to them if they want to do a good job in their study.And they can learn more knowledge.For instant, if they want to attend their classes regularly and study well, they need preview the hat their book so they can understand their teachers.
Third,it is a kind of respect and encouragement for teachers.
Students attend their classes very well that will inspire the teachers do their work well instead they produce some negative emotions.moreover.
And it makes the classes very active.
So that the students can study in very good condition and improve the efficiency.What is more they can bring those good emotions to their lives and beneficial to their lives and study.
So it is very significant for university students to attend their classes on time to both the teachers and the students.
And the students should be required to attend their classes regularly.
I want to study English for different reasons.Firstly,studying English can help me have a good learning of other countries in the world.Secondiy,we can communicate with friends who come from other countries after we have learnt English which is a language used by many other countries.Thirdly,learning a good foreign language like English can improve our confidence .So it is necessary to study English well.
How time flies.
My internship which lasts three weeks have already finished.
And now it is time to share my internship with you.
As soon as I got home, I checked in at the detachment with an excited mood, for I have never stayed in the basic level.
On arriving the detachment, I settled my baggage as quickly as possible and immediately trained with soldiers.
My internship began.
Every day, we trained about eight hours, meanwhile, we would turn out no matter what we were doing.
At the detachment, I learned a lot.
Firstly, you must hardwork, only if you practise more and more, can you play a role at the key time.
What's more, it is important that you need to make more friends with soldiers and leaders, which will give you a hand when you are in trouble.
In addition, you should respect your leaders and take good care of your soldiers, and make the team united as well.
The internship provides a very good chance for us to acknowledge the life of the detachment where we will work in the future.
I have learned this time and I think it is colorful and meaningful.
Campus is our home in the next four years, we live here, study here and eat here.
So we are concerned with the campus security.
In a recent, incidents of school violence frequently occurring, lots of students and teacher are killed .Sometimes not only the outsider break the campus safety ,also students themselves destroy their own school safety .All of them lower our sense of security.
To improve our sense of security, in my opinion, School administrators should pay more attention to Ideological Education and Strengthen Security facilities.
Students should autonomic learning Safety skills.
That is all, thanks.
I'm L,the monitor of Class One,Grade Eleven,C Middle School.I have heard of your coming as an exchange student recently.I'm glad that you will spend several months with us learning and commuicating.
Tianjin is a city that you can enjoy yourself because we have a lot of places worth visiting.For instance,Tianjin has a legendary history in these decades so that we have a great number of historical sites.Besides,the weather here is nice,too.
Class 1,Which you are going to study with,is hoping for your visiting.We're enthusiastic to our guests so we have arranged a great deal of things such as trying some traditional activities,reading chinese poems ,enjoying Peaking opera,etc.What's more,we also want you to introduce some American culture to us.
We're looking forward to a well co-operation.
"Once More To the Lake"is E.B.White's masterpiece in which a father struggles himself between memories and the reality.The prose develops in a story centre on a little boy and his father.They went to a lake in Maine to take their summertime and this gave rise to the father's complex feelings.
My reception and the apperception are changing accordingly as the passage progressing,together with the inner description of the father.
He was so excited when the father took along his son to revisit old haunts.Through White's detailed portray about the father's memories on their journey over to the lake,it is not hard to see that the lake had left the father much enjoyment.And those feelings remain when it comes to the place where he used to live during the childhood.
The scene about the dragonfly impresses me most.It says"It was the arrival of this fly that convinced me beyond any doubt that everything was it always had been,that the years were a mirage and there had been no years".Combining with the former part about the first morning the father and the son spent in the camp and the later section covering their wandering around the lake.All his best memories come back to him.The tarred road,the coves and streams,the hills,the boat,freshwater leavings,debris,the store and many other things.At the very beginning,I thought as the essay describes,the years were a mirage because the father always sustained the illusion that he and his son had become one flesh,he even could not pick out who was who in a trance.The time was still and everything was almost the same in the father's mind.
However,with further thinking,I have learnt a litter bit more about the prose.The father didn't feel that the lake had changed any,but everything around it did.Though a lot of things and feelings hadn't changed,the essay also made some description of new things,"the missing of the middle track,the noisy sound and so on".They shaped sharp contrast.But nevertheless the father is very attached to those memories and the use of the word"same"in the description of the lake only proves it.The depiction of new experiences shows that the father is not able to accept new changes and adopt them.From this,I have observed the idea of the father's dual personality,as the reality which he had to perceive was quite different from his inner world and from his expectations and hopes.Especially in the last paragraph "suddenly my groin felt the chill of death".It brings out the theme.The father had thought the time interval was a feint but actually he just found that the real feint is the still time.Everything is almost there but behind it is the fleeting nature of life.He understood that he had become a grown-up and his childhood is left only in his heart and his mind.
White's brushstroke about the lake moves from the past to present and makes the time blurry.It seems that he tries to express the time is immortal but the true intention is to exclaim the mortality.
Time and tide wait for no man.What we should do is just to do hold onto the present and make full use of it as much as possible.
Money is regarded by person as the most important thing in our life.
It is even regarded as the symbol of wealth and social position.
For example, a man can do whatever he wants to do with plenty of money.
He can afford expensive cars and luxurious houses, and he can travel around the world and visit as many interesting places as he wants to.
In their eyes, money is everything in life.
However,I agree with it.
Money is really important in our life.
So the human beings try their best to be wealthy in different ways.
But in order to make money,many people use the way by hook or by crook.
So In my opinion, money can both benefit people and do harm to them.
For example Guomeimei is a woman who makes much money by the criminal way.
At the beginning she was exposed the wealth on the website and she was foiled in his attempt to deceive us that she is a member of the Red Cross Society.
After a short time some little-known details of her backgroung have been brought to light.
However her fame was broken,the Red Cross Society fame was also broken because of her.
We all thought that the thing was over, but until 2015 she had been into our view again because she opened an illegal casino.
After the suffering of intense physical and mental pain.
Finally she was in prison, according to this event.
As we know, although a person is very rich but not uses a legitimate way to make money, it will get nothing in the end.
Therefore in my opinion,I agree with the people who try his best to make money, but it must be in a legal way.because I can't deny that money is useful.
We need money to buy food, buy a house or pay for the career.
Money can make us live more comfortably.
For example, with more money, we can help others and take part in social activities and receive a good education, thus increasing our knowledge and developing our skills.
Everyone wants it, including me, but some people try to get rich as Guomeimei, for example, they often cheat, even rob and kill people.
Sooner or later, they will be punished by the law.
Money can bring them nothing but misery on the end.
In short, Money is important but personality is more important.
I think the best way to earn money is that we should always build on firm ground as well as hard working.
If you are always hard working,the fortune will be close to you, because the money advances by steps not by leaps.
But if you make money in the wrong way, the fortune will be away from you,because the good things always stay with the good guy.
At last if you want to make more money,the best way is to build on firm ground and word hard.
my first stay at home was forgotten on that day they left my mother tells me to shut the door but I was so agitated.
In the few years,there is a fashion that many students study hard to get various credentials.It seems that the more credentials they get,the more competence they have.
Many students regard this phenomenon as a good means to enable them to get more abilities.For one thing,we can solve many problems by ourselves.For example,with CET4or6 certificate,we can travel abroad freely and buy or mend computers on our own without being cheated.For another,it is helpful to employ in today's employment situation.However,every coin has both two sides.Some insist that it is sometimes too utilitarian to get many kinds of credentials.Many students study only for certificates which are necessary for jobs,and then after being employed,they never look back on them anymore.On the other hand,learning some skills are not useful in jobs wastes a lot of time.
As far as I'm concerned,it is best to learn the skills necessary in jobs.Firstly,we can have more time and energy to concentrate on the main skills so that we will learn better.Secondly,less tasks enable us to study deeply.Of course,if you are interested in extra abilities,you can learn them in your spare time.It is right that the more skills you get,the better you act.
Nowadays, college teachers are thought they only need to explain and teach in the class.
This idea lead to many people hold the belief that given profound knowledge that it is enough..
But they ignore the qualities that college teachers need.
Many college teachers are busy in doing research or teaching graduate students, as a result, they for classroom teaching can only spend less energy, class is simple repetition of previous teaching content.
I don't believe college teacher is only the class, they should have some qualities in the classroom performance, thus to make students understand not the same style.
I hold the belief that college teachers are not strict, but kind, and can chat with students just like friends.
College teachers are not rigid, the old pedant's image, but have profound knowledge of the scholars.
College teachers are not drilling in the books to do research, but pay attention to current affairs.
College teachers are not simply read historical materials according to the book, but focus on current international situation, and students can exchange their views.
Teacher can occasionally point out the insufficiency, and praise the innovative ideas.
I believe suppose these qualities that college teachers can o better.
We students can see things in fresh ways in the teachers' effect.
We will outgrow more independent and optimistic.
It is knowledged that we should create a conservation-oriented campus.
There are many reasons.
Firstly, nowadays our earth is destroyed.as college students we should own sense to protect it.
Then orienting is an aspect of protection .conservation-oriented is our country item.
We have to contact to it.
Lastly, our life color get surrounding with protect environment.
There are some suggestions for new generations.
To began with, we should have the attitude to do this in our daily life.
What is more, we have to circle use plastics paper and so on.
Last but not least, we ought to say goodbye to bad for environment-friendly products.
Thank you for your recent order.
It is our honor to provide goods for you.
But it is with our greatest regret that we must inform you that we fall to deliver your order on time.
We have adequate belts and billfolds in stock, however, the handbags aren't adequate because our Chinese supplier can't keep up with demand.
The Chinese supplier also promised my delivery by the end of the month.
Therefore, the handbags have to wait until the end of the month.
We are extremely sorry for the delay.
And you needn't pay the delivery charges and we can you 10% discount.
On the contrary, we can send you belts and billfolds first and the handbags later, so you have to pay twice delivery charges.
If you cannot wait so long and you want to receive your whole orders on time, please forgive us for being unable to deliver the whole.
While we will give you discounts if you send us orders next time.
Please the us your choice as well as we hope to receive your favour at an early date.
The more we share with others, the more we will get.
Once, I shared my secrets of reciting texts and then I felt happy.
I was on duty one day, so I had to stay longer than everyone else.
When I was about leaving, I found Betty still confused about a text which was hard for her to recite.
I decided to help her and share my secrets of reciting with her.
On that day, both Betty and I left school late, but both of us learnt many things.
She successfully finished her job and I felt happy during we were discussing and studying, and as a result we became best friends.
In my opinion, sharing can not only help others but make ourselves feel more.
Some people think that reading must be selective.
Selective reading because it can toward a direction, not blind to the overall confusion.
Selection, is the most important decisions in life, we can not do without it.
Some people think that the book should extensive.
Well-read can increase their knowledge, broaden their horizons.
Reading, can allow himself to understand more than others.
In my opnion:I personally think should have the choice to go to school, so I realized that I want, want to improve their own baking, so that only the development of better efficiency.Well, but so what, let us read the book!
When I celebrated my birthday,my friends send me birthday present.But I only like one of them .
Because this present is my best friend send me.It is a colorful box.When you open it,it will ring out music.And there is a small mirror on the inside.
When I see it,I will think of my friend.So it is important for me.And it can make me happy.I really like it,so I collect it.And now it is the symbol of our friendship.
I'm exactly glad to communicate with you in this way .And I am TRY.
I am a student in LW high school.
I like listening to music and often listen to it when I stay at home .
I am interested in playing volleyball as well .
We all think you are a very good teacher .In addition ,thank you for teaching us with such a great patient ,and we will work hard so as not to let you and other teachers down.
As a student, examination is so frequent that it even becomes our daily affairs.
However, not all students can make good preparations for examinations.
Maybe I can share some experiences in some aspects.
Setting a plan is the basic step to make a preparation.
That is to say, you can start it from making a list to arrange what you should do at a certain time.
Usually, we tend to divide the plan into big and small one.
For example, should the examination be coming in two weeks, so, you have to finish the whole tasks during this time.
Then, you can divide your task into small parts, such as, taking English exam as an example, you can spend two days memorizing words, several days on texts, then grammar and so on.
In addition, you must pay attention to making the key point stand out.
You should stress a main point on your daily task.
The next step is to carry out the set plan.
In other words, you need to follow the plan step by step.
When preparing for exam, time is important, so, it is inadvisable to waste your time on other useless things.
In my point of view, it is essential to finish the task on time.
Putting off today's work to tomorrow just makes bad effect on your review plan.
The last but important step is to adjust your spiritual position.
When you stay in studying for a long time, then, learning to relax yourself as much as possible is necessary.
As far as I am concerned, doing exercises is a good way to balance work and rest.
You can go for a run in the morning, which will do good to your daily spirit, or take a walk after dinner.
Besides, listen to some soft music, especially when you are tired of studying.
What more, you should work and rest as normal regular.
Don't work overtime or add some foods on purpose.
All in all, setting a good plan and following it as well as relaxing is a good way to prepare for any examinations.
Friendship is an eternal theme in human history.
Friendship plays an essential part in our life.
As for me, I have a friend.
We are good friends .We play and study with each other.
When I was sad he would encourage me, when I was happy we shared with each other.
We talk with each other everything.
As time rolled by we separated .He was admitted to university first but I was failed.
I was sad.
He encouraged me and often called me, and said he would stand by me forever.
Finally I succeeded under his encouraging.
Thus, friends must enjoy each other's company must go trials and tribulations together.
Only in this way we can learn the meaning of friendship.
Participated in a small time chess game,that was my experience that a particular failure.I was elected to represent all classes in the class participate in the competition.With the trust of the class,I sat in draw at,did not think that I ran into the next class of professional experts.Three minutes less than I think I lost a set,and unable to regain.In desperation chose to surrender.That was my most helpless time.I decided if he did not touch Go,in which I have been a lot of lessons,I have to admit that there are places to write their own inadequacies.
As the saying goes: A friend in need is a friend indeed.
To make friends with our roommates is our instinct.
It is my first time to live on campus.
Dormitory life abound to have strife and conflict .
Sometimes, we quarrel with each other for a minor mistake, such as, "Who is on duty today".
Without friendship, dormitory is disharmonious.
We sleeping and eating together.
As far as I am concerned, We like the grass in the lawn, growing our true meaning gradually.
To begin with, I think honesty is the one of the most crucial causes in how to deal with our relationship.
We should be kind, instead of selfish.
Second, We should help each other, for example, We can teach them with homework, and share our happiness with them to identify our faith to them.
True friendship bases on a more solid foundering.
After all, We will meet difficulties, we also have to come into contact with people in every walk of life in the future.
In brief, Acquaintance is a friend.
The dormitory is a large family, we will continue our warm and wonderful life forever and won't quarrel with anyone any longer.
My hometown is Inner Mongolia.I'am interested in here each place.But the most interesting place is the grassland.
Inner Mongolia's grassland is very beautiful.There has a grassland that you can't see the end of,blue sky which puts out a hand to be possible to touch it,but also has the cattle and sheep which anywhere runs all over the grassland.Fortunately you may see lots of men who are goatherd.Mongolian herdsman is very warm that they are able to invite you to drink the hot tea with milk to the yurt.
I thought the grassland is an interesting place, because the broad prairie may let the heart which is agitated in the city calms down.The mood can become very nice.
This is the most interesting place in my hometown.I think the grassland that is very interesting at least.
Last Friday,everyone was going to the classroom before the sports meeting.Suddenly,two girls shouted:"Look!A girl fainted!
"In the direction of her fingers,a girl was lying on the ground.Some students ran towards her,and others contacted teachers quickly.Some time later,she was taken to hospital by her anxious students and got a treatment in time.
With the doctor"s help,she was out of danger.And her parents appreciated someone who have helped their daughter.
Afterwards ,we did an interview with her students.They said:"It is our duty to help those who need help,especially my classmates.
I hope that more and more people can promote the good quality of the people who are ready to help others.Our school will be more and more beautiful.
Everyone has a destination which he wants to go most.And so do I.My dreaming destination in Europe is Swiss.Here are some reasons of it.
Swiss is situated in the middle of Europe.It covers an area of 4.1 kilometers square and has a population of 7.5 million.Berne is the capital city of Swiss while Geneva is the most famous city in Swiss.
It has four neighboring countries:Austria,France,Italy and German.
Swiss is known as "world's garden" because of its fascinating secenary.
It also has some famous industries,such as watch,chemistry and food.People all over the world know that watches made in Swiss are the best.
I'm really attracted by Swiss,a developed country in Europe.I dreamof going there one day.
People are always learning and practicing through their whole lives.
From reading words in textbooks such as toy, car etc.
, People develop concepts and ideas.
They further understand the actual meaning of these words by playing with toys and riding cars etc.
No one can deny that learning from books can broaden our view and motivate us to try more thing which seems impossible.
Nevertheless, others think the best way of learning is to do something and gain from experiences, using our senses.
I fancy the latter.
For one thing, experience can prove whether the knowledge from books is true or false.
Textbooks are very wonderful in teaching people essential principles.
However, people can only understand the real meaning of those from books and justify them if they are right through practices.
A hundred years ago, people learnt from textbooks that the earth was flat.
However, navigators found that was wrong through observations and voyage.
For another, if we are only familiar with things the book shows , we'll have no idea when we meet the situation we cannot control.
With the acquired experience , we'll deal with unexpected situations better.
What's more, practice is a bridge between theory and reality.
For example, the university course only taught me very simple cases.
Most knowledge I possess is obtained from various difficult and complicated cases in my career.
There are a lot of new inventions and new products, which could not be found yet in textbooks.
Our society and world are developed through continuous practices.
Some knowledge , never found in books, such as internet, e-business etc.
is all developed through new practice.
So nowadays, more and more college students choose to take part-time jobs in or outside school.
In social practice, students are sure to learn more than textbooks.
Their participation in social practice might strengthen their sense of social responsibility.
Their close contact with the working people might help them apply their knowledge to the solution to the practical problem.
So goes an old saying.
People are continually discovering new things and assessing the credibility of knowledge written in books.
The knowledge from experience helps us much more than that from books.
Now,more and more school introduced students to the teacher scoring system,the phenomenon of students to grade teachers are becoming more and more common.And not just in the past that traditional teachers to grade students.
Mutual,namely evaluation has spread to each other,mutual between both teachers and students to see,or between students and students.To this,people also have different attitudes.Some people are support,they think by students to grade teachers,can be reflected from the other hand the teacher's teaching level,encourage teachers to teach better.Some people argue that children are easily taking emotional line,like the teacher gave high marks,don't like the teacher give him low scores.
From my point of view,I support the students to grade teacher this way.Although the students to the teacher's score can not completely represent the teacher's teaching level,but can provide a reference,for example if the score is too low,can explain most of the students to the teache's teaching method is not accepted,the teacher can make appropriate adjustments.
As we all know that reading makes large effect on one's study and grow up.
What most important thing is we should take a position attitude to read plenty of boos and take part more practice.
Books can tell us a truth, not only is the treasure house of knowledge, and it is our good teachers and wise friends, it can teach us how to composition, how to do.
By reading, we can know different kinds of things, how things happen and how to avoid bad things from happening.
Reading teaches us skills.
There are so many books about how to learn a certain language, how to get a good job, how to become popular in your circle, how to cook and so on.
Thus, these kinds of books can make us more skillful if we do a certain thing.
As it is known to us all, not every one can be fortunate enough to combine his work with interest.
Anyhow, I am kind of lucky.
So when most of the people around chose to spend their free time on the table building the wall, I just turn to books to invest my time.
While I am quite aware of the fact that I am far from able to work out anything in print, I still wish to devote all my spare time to my interest.
Here is my treasure, and here is my pleasure.
Reading water, is the source of life, Reading flower, life is the emotions, Reading is a kind of comprehension, reading is soil, is cultivated flowers resources.
As we all know, social network websites have rapidly increased in popularily over the past few years.
Many people have registered and become menbers of some social network websites, such as Facebook, Kaixin and Twitter.
Thoes websites have become their daily lief.
In recent years, the social networking site everyone nets,happy nets has qukily gained popularily in all kinds of people.
Many people spend a lot of time in the web chat, many friends and play games.
Thoes websites have become a part of their lief.
People's opinions vary greatly on social nework sites.
Supporters regard social network websites as places to share fillings and experiences with their friends.
Besides, the say these websites provide various interesting games and can help people relax.
As far as I'm concerned, social network sites serve as a good platform for us to make new friends and keep in touch with old ones.
Still, we should be aware of the potential dengers involved.
It is very necessary to adjust our privacy settings to control who has access to our personal information.
As is depicted in the picture above, more and more college students take part-time jobs from 1994 to 2010.The pencentage of college students taking part-time jobs is rising.
There are many reasons lead to the phenomenon.The first,many college students are poor.Maybe they should pay for tuition fee or miscellaneous expense.Second,many college students are very free .They need to do something.Meanwhile,they could also make money.Third,many college students think it could learn work experience.Lay the foundation for future work.
In my opinion,we could take properly part-time jobs.You should do it after study.It is matter of after-school exercise.
There are some probloems in every campus.For example,there is a problem in our campus.
Recently,I find some students can not lenarn carefully.Some students can not go class and can not write homework .
wo are come in the campus ,but wo should work hard.Whenever we should learn work hard,we should learn more knowledge.Accord the phenomenon.I think our campus should check the student's class.Students should like learn the knowlege.Students should put comput games awary.Iastly,I hope the problem disappeared in our campus.
With the improvement of living standards, people pay more attention to the health problem.Lifestyle,people found,is the key of health problem.
In modern life,people lack of physical exercise.They keep sitting no matter going out or working,didn't notice the problem until they found that they are obese.The problem is far more than this,young go to bed late into the night,and they get up late in return,maybe they must go to work or school so they get up in a hurry with out breakfast.They also receive stimuli by drinking or smoking.In return,the psychological problem com either.
So, it's very important to learn how to keep a healthy lifestyle.It's necessary for us to take a bicycle or on foot replace of modern transport.And keep early hours,have a morning jogging.Far away from alcohol,cigarette,even drug.Healthy eating cannot neglect,never forget breakfast,say goodbye to junk food.
Geting more and more pressure in modern life,we must keep a healthy lifestyle.Only in this way,we can keep physical health while maintaining mental health.We may have a healthy and happy life.
I was reading in the library when the electricity was cut off at eight o'clock last night.
Mr. Zhang was watching a basketball match and listening to the radio later.
Sally was playing the piano and stopping to have a rest.
Tom was doing some reading and going to bed later.
Mrs. Wang was in the life, so she could not get out.
They all felt very surprised.
Some of them felt very worried.
They do not know how long it will take to have electricity.They could not see anything.They want to have the power to appear at this time.
In modern society, people are willing to choose a brand-name products.To establish the brand is very important for enterprises.and The enterprise should set up famous brand.
Maintenance needs of market purchase,In the product homogeneity serious words today, the success of the brand will win consumer loyalty to enterprise, repeated consumption they will ensure the turnover of the stable development of enterprises.
Advertising is very important.At the same time, to establish the brand is not a short duration of time things, enterprises must continue to invest time and money in order to obtain a satisfactory result.
It is important to protect our environment,but it is difficult to do it.Today,the Earth is facing many pollutions,such as air pollution,water pollution,vioce pollution,and etc.Everyone can do something for our environment.What can we do for our environment?
As a student,we should build the sense of frugality in our daily life in the school.Ialways turn off the lights in the dassroom when we leave.Both sides of the paper can be used if it is possible.After school,i bearconsciousness of environment protecetion in mind.In order to protect the forest I often refuse to use the paper cups and disposable chopsticks consciously.I believe that in dividual con tribution to the environment will builda more beautiful world.
When you look at the sky,you can discover that it is no longer blue,itis grey.this means the air is aleadlu polluted.Why?Because rhe factory emits roo much dirty air.Howe should we stoa the air pollution?We could plant more trees to make the air cleaner.
Do you like swimming?I believe a lot of peaple like swimming When you go to the beach,you can see that the sea the dirtier than before.Do you know that lots of animals die from drinking polluted water?If we continue to pollute the water,more animals will die,and that will effect our human's food vhain.this is why we should protect water from being polluted.
Do you ever get mad because the loud noise outside makes you can't sleep?We call this voice pollution.Voice pollution is always bothering us.When you dirve in the road,and you hear a lot of the car trumpet sending out noises,don't you feel vexed?If you always meet these situation,you should tell the envirmental pritection bureau,they wil help you.
We can protect our envirment in other ways too.For example, we shouldn't throw trash anywhere,instead,we could recycle it.If we all stop the bad habbit of thowing trash anywhere,you would see a much more beautiful city.
With the rapid development of world enconmy.many people come to realize that we have got the development at the cost of our envirment.It is often repored that we are suffering more and more disasters because of the damaged environment.
If we human beings are clever enough,we should take measures to protect our environment right now.If we didn't,the earth would come to an end.We should pass laws to fobid cutting down trees.Those who pollute rivers and seas should be punished.Widl animals should be well protected.Ever youshould know the importance of protecting environment.
As is known to all,if we act soon enough,we can still have a bright future.If we don't,one thing is certain.we will be punished by nature.
We only have one Earth,it is our home,we should try our best to protect it.
and protecting our environment is every citizen's responsibility.
I want to say, actually, I have nothing serious to say.
Now that new term has begun, I think I should make a resolution.
Thinking back to the last term, the poor score I got in the English exam, I really feel sorry for myself.
Yet it doesn't because the score itself is not high but because I don't think I really deserve it if I had tried my best.
You know English is my favorite subject and I have devoted a lot of time in English Debate Society.
But when it comes to the English class, I don't participate in it that much.
Owing to the lack of courage, sometimes I dare not raise my hands and make my voice heard.
Yet in my deep heart, I know I can do well if I push myself to do it.
However, just sitting there, believing myself doesn't make any change.
Therefore I've decided to force myself to speak out.
As for the homework, I do really feel shameful for myself.
Moreover, she happened to be one of my friend.
Looking on myself, I never bother to modify my composition for so many times so my score is always the average level, without improving even a bit.
I also find that my poor listening and poor skill in taking an exam have affected me so much.
So this term I will keep listening to the radio every day.
And I am now on my way to progress.
Of course I am not among those lazy guys, I know what I should do and try to fully use my college time to make that change.
Undoubtedly action speaks louder than words.
Tonight I just want to think back and reflect on myself, and tomorrow is a new day for me to realize my goal.
Finally, thank you for your kindness and devotion you gave us from the bottom of my heart.
I am sure we will cooperate well in the new term.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of them hold the view that getting online is good for us in many ways.For example,we are allowed to access more knowledge and broaden ours horizons,we can also communicate and share something meaningful with friends.Besides,it is a fun way to relaxed when we feel too tired.
But others are against the idea.They think it's a waste of time and energy.
It may make us abandone ourselves to chatting online and computer games so that we lose interest in studying.As a result,our grades won't be improved.What's worse, keeping watching the computer screen does harm to our eyes.
They all have a point.But as we all know,every coin has two sides.So in my opinion,on the one hand,there are much useful information we need on the Internet,and we can have fun in our free time online.But on the other hand,we are supposed to spend the time online resonably.That would be better for us.
English level.
The contest'll start on April 29th.It will take place at the school hall at 9:00 in the morning.We hope you can come on time.It must be an extremely interesting and exciting contest.I hope every student can enjoy themselves.I think they can learn not only experience but also the method of improving English.
At the end of the match,We are ready to listening to your speech about improving English ability.We also make a plan which'll enable the contest more fierce.It must be an honor for a student to get the champion from you.Don't you think it'll be the unforgettable memory in this school?We're looking forward to hearing from you.
Success is just like a paradise on the other side of a bridge which made of various factors and personal qualities are the main materials.
As far as I am concerned, the ability of learning and communication, the courage and the persistence are the essential elements to be success.
The first one is the ability of learning.
In the past, people usually consider high education is the key to success.
Nevertheless, in this information economy era where the changeless thing is changing it is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition.
Thus, we should take priority to the ability of effective learning and adaption.
High education is just a prove of your learning ability rather than a goal you endeavor to chase.
The second is the ability of communication.
There is research on successful person showing that only 20% regard the intelligence and great talent as their success factors while 80% think they are benefiting from their good communication.
There is few of genius in this world, even there are many they also could not make themselves known without good communication.
The third is the courage.
We all have our ideas and dreams, but seldom put them into practice due to we lack the courage to solve the possible problems.
Thomas Edison gained his success after 99 times of failure during his painstaking process of inventing bulbs.
So we should take our courage to start the first step.
The last but not the least is persistence.
The way to success is doomed to be strenuous.
Without persistence we would not know the great inventor Thomas Edison, the father of hybrid rice, Yuan Longping, and the many other successful person who stick to their dreams and not easily give up their painstaking work.
Especially in today's society, new generation whom have received too much care to have such spirit to do anything.
They show little patience while facing the problems because they were not experiencing a lot of hard things, they just enjoy the gains which the previous generations endeavored to gain.
In my opinion, maybe it is the reason why there is few master in today's society.
As one of the generation, I think we cannot take this as granted and we should make some change to be patient and hardworking.
We must learn how to persist when we encounter problems.
A British writer said "The human being longs for a sense of being accomplished, of being able to do things, with his hand, with his mind, with his will.
For my part, the inherent abilities are the ability of learning and communication, the courage and the persistence.
With the popularity of the internet, online shopping is prevalent and pervasive among college students, white collars, and housewives.
In the past, shopping could be an exhausting and time-consuming task for numerous people.
However, now almost all items ranging from small items such as clothes and books to large ones like computer can be bought by just clicking the mouse.
Apparently, online shopping has been a common part of life for modern people.
Admittedly, on line shopping offers magical convenience.
For example, it saves time and offers numerous choices since floods of information can be supplied on Internet.
While, every coin has tow sides and online shopping is no different.
Its potential dangers to the consumer could not be ignored.
