What's more, as an American, the reporter also felt upset and ashamed toward the atomic cataclysm and American government should not make their posterity get the blame for the crime.
Since they live in the same earth, human beings need to get along well with each other.
When I was a little child,I always dreamed to be a college student and to make some great achievements.When I was in high school,I was told college students could do everything they want,they can arrange their time with interesting things,and have a lot of friends.
But,I'm a college student now.I still have many classes to attend,in my free time,I get more things to do,like washing the clothes.I have got more and more pressure.I have to choose to get the further education,in the same time,I have to take many exams to get the certificate,which are to make sure that I can find a good job after I graduate.And the friend circle is getting smaller,most of the time we just stay with our roommates,or spend a whole day with the computer.
So I find some way to deal with these problems.I try to balance the time to study and to enjoy life,I study harder than before to fight for my future.I try to care more about other friends,and go shopping or have dinner with them on weekends.Now my real college life is getting closer to my dreamed college life.
I prefer to live in the big city,there are many reasons for it.
Firstly,live in a big city means I can share many top facilities different from in countrysides with other people.And the transporting,shopping,entertaining are very convenient to us.Secondly,I think countrysides are not very clean,and the safety is a big problem,there are many kinds of insects,I don't like them at all,so I don't want to live in countrysides.Last but the most important reason is that my specialized subject is the marketing management,I can get a good job in the big city rather than in the countryside.
My summer vacation was so exciting.
I finished my homework.
Then I go to swimming every day.
But in the summer vacation,my classmate invited me to went to play in the park.
I went to park on the morning.
The air feeled clear.
So I feel very comfortable.
We played in the park and running in laugh.
We hadn't met for a long time,so I feel wonderful.
In the afternoon,we had a great meal.
There is no denging the fact that our earth is becoming warmer and warmer .And the villain in the atmosphere is carbon dioxide.
Leading to global warming have the following reasons.
To begin with, first coal ,then oil and natural gas,have been burned for energy at a rapidly increasing rate,more carbon dioxide and poured into the atosphere.In the second place ,more forests disappear,less carbon dioxide is being removed from the atmosphere by plants.
The increasing fierce social competition let a lot of people focus time and energy on making money.To some extent we must do our absolute best to protect environment and prevent global warming.We should plant more trees to save our forests and we must have new sources of fuel that do not involve the production of carbon dioxide.Everyone knoms who are the villains so villains must take effective measures to make up the deficiency and hurt.
Earth is our home and mother ,we must relieve her burden.I love my mother so much and we love our earth mother also.Wish you all the best.
In this essay, the author narrates an experience of his journey in Hiroshima and what he has seen and felt and understood there.
In order to find out whether Hiroshima is the livest city in the world , the author, an American reporter return to Hiroshima after the atomic cataclysm.
As he walks out of the station, the reporter felt sad and guilty because he thought he were at the scene of the crime.
But people in this city seemed much the same as other cities.
Then the author was took to the City Hall by a taxi driver who knew little of destination.
At that night, the author had dinner with the Mayor of Hiroshima.
It is strange to the author that the mayor didn't mention the bomb and the misery and humanity's most heinous crime in his speech, but praise oysters constantly.
A Japanese man told to the author that no one wanted to talk about it and the government of wanted to disguise the truth of tragedies of the Second World War, which was beyond the author's expectation.
Finally, the author went to interview with the patient.
The author knew the answer after the interview: Hiroshima isn't the livest city in the world.
The atomic cataclysm had a pernicious influence on this city, but the resident still livest and try their best to forget this event and look forward to the future.
We can reflect that the war is so evil that it destroys everything in the world so we need to remember the lessons given by the war.
For a long time I was dreaming of becoming a detective because I loved reading detective story.
But as I grow up, I have found something else which fascinates me.
It is politics.
We live in the world in peace(at least in most places).
Instead of the King, the politicians became those who have the ability to change the world directly.
And it is the exact ideal job for me.
When I was very young, I didn't like politic and thought it useless.
My opinion was that people should attach importance to individuality rather than a whole country.
However, now I have realized how important and necessary politic is.
What a country's politics look like can affect the lives of citizens.
Culture may root in our minds, but we have to do what the modern society needs us to do.
This is a world of law and order, and politicians make the rules.
Everyone has an ideal career.
Although most people can not achieve it, they keep it in heart all the time.
I'll spare no effort to achieve my ideal career, even if the road is full of frustration and difficulties.
Happiness means different to different people.
But when I see the unhappy people, I find a same thing.
Their happiness is based on something they can't achieve.
Their happiness is so complex.
They want too much.
They need to be perfect and then they will be happy.
At last, they will be unhappy.
I think happiness should be simple.
We don't need too much.
Our happiness is not based on something like saving the world.
Our goal is simple.
When we are thirsty, we have something to drink.
When we are hungry, we have something to eat.
Everyday we can make a little change.These are all happiness.
Happiness doesn't need to be great.
It is just in our simple life.
If you make your life easier, you will have more happiness.
So now,don't make our life complicated, make it simple.To find our own happiness!
I saw your email which you asked about China'sdevelopement.I'm pleased to say that our hometown have changed a lot since you left home.Honest to say,our living conditions are getting better and better.
Well,first,the houses become bigger and roomier so that a lot of villagers live in furnished apartments.Second,opposite to the old days,now people have phones and buy televisions,washers,refrigerator and so on.Third,there's an old saying which still can be used today is 'if you want to be rich,you must have a road.
'These days,villages and towns are connected with spacious roads.Many villagers buy tractors,lorries and cars in order to help with farming agriculture.Maybe those things are the symbol of being wealthy as well.And last,schools keep a strict eye on educating students with high quality of education.And our government are attaching importance to the reconstruction in countries.
I believe our life in village is getting better and better.
In order to restrain costs,I have thought three solutions.First, cost-savings by closing the Belgium factory in Antwerp and opening a new one in India with lower labour costs.From the figures we can see, the costs of labors are lower in India than any other countries.
And we need layoffs to help us reducing the costs.Second, an improved productivity plan to include an increase from four-day to five-day week in Germany with some kind of incentives for workers.
We can give the workers with year-end bonus, share holdings and holidays.For instance, purchasing components from low-cost countries such as India.From the annual productivity rates we can see the most cars per year are made by Indian car makers are 280,000.
It's higher than EA Germany and EA Belguim.
The last, an increase in sales discounts for car dealers in order to recapture market share and improve relations with unhappy dealers.
For instance,another proposal is cutting in salary.
We can see the average hourly pay rates for assembly-line workers from the bar chart between Germany and USA, it's $12 per hour in Germany more than in USA.
So we can reduce costs by cutting salary.
It is known to us that communication has been playing an important part in our daily life.As the table shows,there are four main ways of communication.Above all,most people communicate others by sending the messages,the second is making the phone call ,the third is sending the e-mail.In addition,writing a letter accounts for two percent,and the other accounts for six percent.I think the main reason is the development of science and technology.
Personally,I like communication by computer most.In my opinion,by computer,people can easily send e-mails to each other at any time and at any place,while it is too slow a way to communicate by writing a letter and too expensive a way to communicate by making a phone call.What's more,it is good for us to broaden our horizons and improve our understanding of the world.
To sum up,communication by computer is my favourite way and it helps bring people around the world closer.
There are a lot of animals.
They live with us politely.
We share the blue sky, the clean water, the colorful environment together.
We share one land, one earth and one world.
In our city.
We can find many different kinds of animals like cats , dogs, birds and so on.
Some of them are still wild, others become our friends.
I've got fifteen lovely goldfish.
When I feed them.
They must be excited.
Swimming around and noticing you drooly that make you laugh.
I Think it's very interesting to live with pets.
As we all know.
The number of wild animals is being smaller and smaller.
I want to protect them.
So I always raise money for homeless animals.
People suggest that experience without learning is better than learning without experience.As to me, I suppose experience is much more important to the marks.
Ability can help you integrate into society very soon, play to their strengths and to realize their value.
However, marks are only a result to your hard work.
It is not quite significant as a product of your ability.
To put it simply, ability leads to marks, and experience is most crucial to the learning.
Therefore, I argue that experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
So I think the ability is more important than the result.As we are students, not only to a book, you need to practice, because"experience without learning is better than learning without experience".
Last weekend,my parents went to have a meeting at Huai Rou.
I was so happy because I can stay at home along.
At first my parents were very worried about me,because I haven't stay at home along.
At the first day,I didn't have lunch because I couldn't did it, I'm very hunger all daylong.
In the afternoon,I played computer games until midnight.
At the second day I wake up so late because I'm so tired.
I cooked some noodles,but I burned it.
At that time,I missed my mom,because she can do lots of delicious foods for me.
In the afternoon my parents came back,I gave them a big hug,we all laughed.
After Iwatched the video about AIDS in the class.I have a monent of shock.the first ideas in my mind was what should we do for them,what can we do for them.
In that moment,I find that how small human is.Faced AIDS the struggle of people was similar with the struggle of ants which on hot bowl,both was helplessness.
As soon as myself on the scene I sure I will try my best to do something.However I can't do anything at that time.Maybe,the only things I can do was praying.Praying them will be recured on someday in the future.
Actually,the same experience was existence common.Wish everyone who was suffering can away from distress and get happyness.
Nancy is my favourite at school.
She is my English teacher.
She is very fair and helpful so everyone like her so much.
She is an excellent lady,king-hearted,charitable,pious.
She often helps me improve my English level etc.
Once I failed in exam.
She did not criticize me,but to help me.
This is a memorable thing.
She is the best teacher that I met.
Today,our school will hold an evacuation drill to improve our run skill.What's more, it can make us know how to deal with the risky situation.
It's of great importance.So I hope that everyone can take it seriously.But there exist many problems.For example,many students will run ,laughing at the same time.
Then ,I will give some suggestions about evacuation drill.First of all,keep calm and quiet,which will be of beniefit to us.In addition,please listen to the teacher who leads us.As a matter of fact, it can avoid any other accidents.
I wish everyone can benefit from this evacation drill.
That's all,thank you.
Not until I met our new English teacher did I realize the fact that I had been a college student now.
Facing the large and beautiful campus,I have to acknowledge that now I am here,a place far away from my hometown.The way college students learn is totally different from what I used to.In the past years,the teachers played a main role in our study life.They always suggested us to do something or not to do something.They treated us as newly-born babies,frequently teaching us step by step.However,college students have to learn by themselves because the teachers may not often keep an eye on the students.
Apart from the difference above,I also find an obvious difference between the schooling experience in the past years and here in the university.In the past,every student had to learn many different subjects,such as Chinese,maths, English and so on.Each subject is significant a lot.But now,as a college student majoring in English,my main subject becomes English only.I think that it is possible for me to feel bored in the future if I study English only all the year round.However,I must pay all my attention to the English study,knowing that majoring in English is my own choice and only through hardworking can I make progress in the English learning.
Now I am here,where I will lead a meaningful life thoroughly different from the life I led before.Believing that no pains,no gains,I will try my best to have a colourful college life.
We warmly welcome your enquiry of May 10th and thank you for your interest in our fireworks and firecrackers.
We are enclosing our illustrated catalogue and price list.As for the payment terms we for the most part require confirmed,irrevocable Letter of Credit payable by draft at sight.
Under separate cover,we are sending you a case of the fireworks and firecrackers we are exporting at present.We hope some of the types and colours will prove to your liking.
All quotations are subject to our final confirmation.Unless otherwise stated or agreed upon, all prices are net without commission.
We are looking forward to your favourable and prompt reply.
With the rapid development of society, our demands are increasing, too.
Knowledge, the most beautiful thing in the world has become indispensable.
Everybody has to learn it goes to all lengths to enrich the experience and values.
Maybe some of you will not agree with me and you think practice is the most important, I still hold the opinion that we are what we read.
To begin with, reading can mature our understanding and enhance the ability.
There are many people, both ancient and modern, Chinese and foreign, make a resounding success who love reading.
They make friends with books to achieve the goals and perfect the life.
Meanwhile, they make a limitless world on own to enrich their experience, also plentiful the human civilization.
Growing with books can profound and equip ourselves in the face of the fast changing world.
Updating knowledge and unafraid to move with the times constantly, we can stand in a leading position of the times.
If we have read a lot of books, we can learn more about new knowledge and bring new problems, then we still renew and accumulate the knowledge on the basis of previous.
Third, reading help us feel content about the simple life and indifferent to fame and fortune, giving us an open mind about the impetuous era.
Nowadays, so many people want to pursue a successful career and lots of money.
Their life since then must have seemed complication because of greed.
However, if everyone has a good book in hand, we can acquire a great insight to find happiness and interests in the life.
Finally, reading reflect the social contact.
What kinds of friends you have means how many books you have read.
If your friends are kind of persons who just spending time with you, which can explain that you read few books and don't find the real sympathy.
Nevertheless, if your friends always stand on your side and encourage you, which means you catch the spirit of sympathy, also means you have read a lot.
No matter how fast the time flies, we can not give up read.
Because all of these years, books have become a part of our life.
In the picture,an old woman is sitting in front of a mirror and saying to herself:"Children are not staying with me now,I feel very lonely.
"This reflects a big problem in China.With the rapid development of economy,young people are so busy with their works that they take less time to take care of their aged parents.What's worse,some of them even don't want to take care of their parents,they regard their parents as their burden.As a result,their aged parents feel rather lonely and have low spirit.
As we know,every one will become old one day.If you don't want your children to do that,you should take good care of your parents now to set a good example for them.What's more,our government should appeal to the public to take good care of aged people.The most important thing is that our government should spend more money providing aged people with better medical care and financial assistance.
All in all,every one should take actions to take good care of aged people,so that they can live a peaceful and happy life.
With the popularity of computer,people rely too much on computers now.
Computer has too many advantages to use.Such as its convenience and high efficiency.But some problems turn up with the dependence of people.On the one hand,we think less and wait for answer most of the time.We use the computer do something what we should do by ourselves.On the other hand, health of people become worse than before now.Prolonged use of computers cause many diseases.Some youth have cervical spondylosis which may appear later or not appear in their life.And nearsightedness in children is more general than before.More and more bad influences made us attach importance on this problem.
In my opinion,we cannot stop the development of science and technology.So computer for us is still important.But people can change their dependence.Thinking more rather than wait and do more exercise instead of sitting in front of the computer.Maybe problems gone by this life style.And we can get more from technology.
In school, we in addition to busy with their own learning, can also participate in various activities organized by the school.
Campus organization of activities enriched our life, let us learned a lot, at the university of activities more rich and colorful.
Not only have the friendship, let us understand a lot more sense.
Let me the most unforgettable is to attend an event at the university of.
As a member of the student union organization competition, a lot of things is yourself and your company to discuss, to ensure the perfect match.
Seniors group games, and even in the game to play together, very happy to participate in the activities.
In the game, I saw everyone's unity, saw the effort and sweat.
Very hard, but everyone is very hard.
While in the process of organizing all paid a lot, but everyone is happy.
During this activity, I understand the importance of unity, but also understand the precious friendship.
On the way of growth we will encounter many difficulties and challenges, I believe that as long as everybody together, hold on, will certainly succeed.
Very happy to participate in this meaningful activity, let me learned a lot, also let me grow up a lot.
This winter holiday,I went to Britain.I am deeply impressed with my experience in the UK.I got to know a new friend called Abby.She helped me improve my English and offered me a visit to many places of interest.When I was ill,her parents took me to the hospital.They also cooked a lot of delicious food for me while I was in hospital.Besides,I not only improved my English,but also learnt more culture of Britain.
In a word, I like my life in Britain very much.
In order to show my thanks, I would like to invite Abby's family to come to my home.
Nowadays,people's living standards has become higher day by day but the lifestyle people lived with become less healthy.
The kind of lifestyle people chose has much to do with their health.If you choose to adapt a sedentary lifestyle.You may experience health problems such as obesity and heart disease or psychological problems such as depression and anxiety.On the contrary,if you choose a healthy lifestyle,you can keep your health in good condition.
So once adopted a healthy lifestyle can actually benefit you for life.There are many ways that lead to a healthy lifestyle.Early to bed and early to rise can make you healthy.A good sleeping also make you feel energetic in daytime.Being active is a fine way to remain healthy.You can do some exercise,go for a jog,join the health club and so on.Being active can make you feel good and look good .It is also important to eat enough vegetables and fruits.there is a saying.an apple a day keeps a doctor away.What you eat has much influence on your healthy.
Heathy body takes precedence over any other things in you life.If you want to live a better life ,you should keep a healthy lifestyle first!
And teacher should love to talk to students .
and cares about the students; try to beone of us; tend to be angry when we make mistakes; kind and patient guide us try to be one of good teacher .
My mother is a simple woman who gives all her love to her child .But she is the person I love most in my life .
Twenty years ago ,I came to the world with a loud cry .She smiled with tears .Then ,she began to care for me with all her love .I remember once I had a serious fever at midnight .And there were only my mum and I at home .She carried me to the hospital on her back .When I woke up ,I saw the tender looks on her face ,she smiled ,"Do you feel better ?
"I thought she must be an angle who was sent to me by the God that moment .
Since I went to school .My mother became more strict with me .Every time I attained good marks in the examination ,she would tell me not be arrogent .While ,when I got bad marks ,she would give me some words of comfort and encourage me .
This is my mother -- a woman who loves me with all her heart .I love her .
The Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.People have different ways to celebrate it,and I will tell you something about my Spring Festival.
My parents started to do some cleaning as well as buy something we need several days before the Spring Festival.And I became more and more excited with the Spring Festival approaching.On the day before it ,we pasted up paper-cut on the windows.
On the Spring Festival ,I can put on new clothes and I can eat many kinds of fruit and sweets.We had a wonderful dinner in the evening,it's really delicious.
I set off fireworks that looks beautiful at the middnight and I get pocket money .
My Spring Festival was fun and wonderful ,so it left a deep impression on me.
If you don't know how to keep your health in daily life, I will tell you now.
To start with having a good diet, you should eat less food which contains too much fat and sugary and try to eat more fruit and vegetables.If you do,it can help you to get a balanced diet and have a good healthy body.
Besides, you need take part in some sports game every day.
In this way, it can improve your strength and be powerful.
The last but not least, have good life habits is very important.
Such as get up early and have a good sleep everyday.
In addition, you should have a healthy life style because it's very useful to keep healthy.
If you do all of above.
You can get healthy very quickly.
On February 21, in 2008,the night before I went to school.
There was only my mother and I stayed at home.
I had spent the whole afternoon packing up my luggage, later I begun to play Asqare on the computer in order to relax.
However my mother urged me to go to sleep so as to got up earlier to caught the bus which departed at 6:00 o'clock next morning.
But I didn't listen to her warning.
I talked her back impatiently.
Mother was obviously shocked by my quibble.
she said with patience.
I gave up the struggle in despire, I went to my bedroom door then turned to her and said:Tomorrow I will get up by myself and go to the bus stop, you don't need to see me off.
I lay on the bed but the uncomfortable feeling went through my mind, I knew I shouldn't do like that, but it seems to be impossible to apologize.
Then she went out, but I burst into tears.
Mother is someone who always apologize first after we quarreled every time.
Thought of my tender mother I deeply regret.
Mother waked me up next day morning and cooked some porridge for me, put some medicine for carsickness into my bag.
She did all of these without any words.
I couldn't hold back my tears and hugged her tightly, she stroked my head and said: It's time to leave,honey.
We usually have different opinions in class activies.When i have a different opinion,I may respect the opinion of the other classmate.
More than one person is better than one person.Only one person usually make mistakes.And a anther reason for my choice is that i think respect other people s opinion is really importent.Once i and my classmates planted a travle.we had different ideas,i thought we can went to the zoo,the animals were interesting,but other classmates thought we should went to the library,i listened to the majority of people,at last we had lots of fun.
So when i have a different opinion,i may respect other people.
"A friend walks in when the rest of the world walks out".But the roommates conflicts usually be taken place on the school.
So it is of great importance for us who as a university student to pay attention to how to get along with our roommates.
There are many reasons explaining the roommates conflicts .The main reason is that they come from different citys and they have different background .
what is more , most conflicts are caused by dairy trivial things ,for example ,when someone want to sleep ,others playing computer games or calling .As a result ,because of the different ideas, there happened so much roommates conflicts .
Considering all these .I think we shoud take some measures to solve the problem .First of all ,we should talk about the problem with each other and make some agreements.Second ,when the conflicts happened ,we ought to keep calm and find a chance to talk to it about your ideas to let it know your different ideas and change together.
True friendship is based on trust honesty and sincere generosity of our hearts.
The teacher who leave a deeply impression on me in my Senior High school is my history teacher .
On her class you will never fall asleep in.She explains very clearly that what has happened in the past ,and she organized exactly why it happened ,how it happened,and what was its influence to people at that time.Her lessons often begin with some stories or some questions which we need to think of and have a discussion.She awalys leaves us much more time on thinking than just reading the history books.
l lose myself during her class ,l can't help imgaining that I was the one who lived in those years long long before.The sights which were disappear in the history appear once more with the sound of my history teacher.
In a word,my history teacher is really a good teacher,and here,let me show my respect with her.
As the economy develops and people's living standard improves, more and more people choose big city to develop their business but as for this phenomenon,different people have different views.
Some people think that there are lots of advantages for people to work in big cities.First,working in the big cities does good to their future development because we can find the best job we like and take full advantages of learning resources to improve our ability.Second,we and our children can get more chance to accept high education and acquire internet technology in big cities than in small cities and we're able to make much money.Finally,working in big cities can give them good living conditions and working conditions.
However,for other people,what they really concern about is disadvantages of working in big cities.In the first place,they need to solve the problem of living expense and housing condition,as they all know,they can make much money but they have a big living expense and the room rate is rising rapidly.In the second place ,there are a lot of people living in big cities,therefore,they produce much rubbish and cars release much polluted gas and factory releases lots of polluted gas and water so they breath harmful air and drink polluted water.Consequently,they think working in small cities,they are isolated from harmful gas and water and build a healthy body even though they can't much money.
Reccently,with an increasing number of people migrate to big cities,the population of big city is increasing day by day.Conquently, the problem of housing shortage in big cites is concerned by people.Some people think that the government should act the mainly role of solving the problem of the housing shortage in metropolis.
In my opinions, I agree the saying that the government is the mainly role of solving the problem of the houseing shortage in big cities.
In the first place, the government has the authority of using the land in big cities, then the government can control the price of land on which houses are built.
In other words,there would be more houses if the government cut down the price of the land of big cities.
As a result, the houseing shortage should be solved effectively.
Secondly, the government can encourage the younger people, above all those students who just graduate from colleges, to start their working in minor cities.Therefore, the population of big cities will decrease and the problem of the houseing shortage in these cities will be solved to a certain extent.
Thirdly,the government can make the construction planning of house in big cities.
TO sum, the government should be the most important role of solving the houseing shortage in metropols of China, such as Shanhai and Beijin .Addition ,the government should make people know that China is a developing country with a large population.We should economic utilize limited land resources of our country.
Only by these ways can the problem of the houseing shortage be solved.
If you still regard chinese dama as just those people who are a group of chinese middle-aged women, willing to serve the household, bueden with housework and care about your daily life, you would be out of date.
As we known that chinese dama has gone out of our country, to the world and gained the high reputation.
I think the first performance of chinese dama refers to chinese traditional culture and.
it is better to the world to know about our country and the develpoment of the globalization.
But the second shows the bad tune of china.
Chinese dama spends a lot of money buying gold.
when the real estate market abroad is in recession, they go abroad and buy houses.
firstly, their behavior pushes forward the flourish to the forefront when thousands of chinese women began buying record amounts of gold around the world.
They were the driving force in the global gold market when the metal price slumped.
So we can say they do great donations in the global gold market.
Therefore, the wall street journal quoted "dama"directly for this specific people.
secondly, chinese dama invest the gold due to traditional preferance to it for thousands of years which deeply express the chinese belief in their mind .In specific regions of china, those chinese still keep the tradition that gold jewelry is necessary in weddings or new-born babies birthdays, what's more , a majority of chinese parents would like to help their children prepare weddings and most of parents have the needs of storing gold for their children'sfuture uses, in this aspect, due to this traditional perference to gold for thousands of years, gold turns out to be a first chioce to invest for these "chinese dama".
Thirdly, from the article, we learned that these consumer mostly aged between 50-60years old which also showed our chinese condition - the elder comparatively have more saving than the young in this develping society and the purchasing gold behavior of an individual from this group is eight times more than a young consumer.
Behind the cover, government and firms should have known their targeted market.
As for the performance of some other chinese dama the square dances in front of the louvre.
Maybe we should take measures to control it.
Dancing is good for our health, but it is bad and should be stopped if it has bothered other people's normal life.
They reportedly convene in public spaces and blast out loud, irritating music at all hours,with a particular focus on early morning and in the evening.
In my opinion, we should seek advantages and avoid disadvantages of the phenomenon of chinese dama.
From:Seminar@organize.com.
Hi everyone.
I am going to check details for an event next week with my two assistant.I have looked 207 rooms at New Century hotels for the event.So I hope you ought to come.
I also have important thing to let you know.All staff has to confirm the schedule with security and I will care for it.
All staff shout remember the time is important and give me a good impression.
I believe you are careful and cautious.If you are late.please give me a reasonable excuse and you should ensure not have another.
See you soon.
Most of peopie know that China has the largest population of thw world .Everyone who lives in China thinks that the heavy traffic is nomal.But do you konw that?The large population has caused a lot of problems,not only in China,but also in many other countries.
In many places there is little food,water or the energy.People who live in these places have a hard life.Besides the traffic problem that we have mentioned,there is not much enough room for us to live in.Millions of people can't go home to go over the night everyday.One of the reasons is that it's too difficult to get a job.
Because of the large populaition,the pollution in the earth has become more and more serious.We should stop ourselves from doing something harmful to the environment,too .
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher,Mr Green.Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.Mrs Wu who is my first manths teacher.She is the best teacher that I have ever had.Because she not only taught us the kowledge of maths,but also guided us to how to be a good man.Once,my parents still haven't picked me up when it was late.To my surprise,Mrs Wu stayed with me until I was picked up safely.Although this experience is not negligible,it was really moved.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Susan has been working in our company for two years.
As my secretary, Due to her outstanding working behavior and very honest to others.Her devotion to duty and working hard who is my competent secretary.
Susan has been one of the most outstanding members of my department Her English and German are good and fluent oral English,so she can be competent general translation work.
Listening is a way of communication.
Being a good listener is not only a way of showing respect for others, but also a way of improving .
Being a child, both of us need respect shown from others.
Parents need to listen to their child carefully.
When parents do this well, the child may want to tell them their real thoughts and parents will find a better way to educate their child.
Being a studen, we have a desire to empress our own ideas.
At this situation, a good teacher will have students to show their ideas and help them solve the problem that suffer them.
Of course, classmates should listen carefully to each others, this is a way of friendship development and study improvement.
how to be a good listener is also important.
first, being quiet is a basic of listening.
seconed, a good listener should have appropriate reaction to the speaker, which allow he/she to know you are listening to him/her.
Newdays,studends don't focus on spelling words of English study.This phenomenon influences student's writing and exam result, but students don't cara about spelling.
There are possibly three reasons contributing to this phenomenon.
First, students haven't spent too mach time in study English word and feel boring about retice words.
Next, the teather don't carafully check students homework,make students don't find wrong.
finally, education association make exam less attention to spelling exercise.
In order to deal with this problem successful, I think the students should give up computer game to replace study spelling English words.
Stick recite words to spent one hour every day morning.
In addition, our parents and teachers should help us about spelling words.
teathers should prepare spelling exercise to make students realize the importance.
Tony is from a rocky farm in Italy.One day he left from his homeland with only an American dream,but he recognised he will finally give his wife and son a good life.
After a hard tour,he came to America.Standing in a driveway,he saw an American who will give him a lot of help in future.Because his English is so poor that he cannot realise the person's words,he always said he would mow the person's lawn regardless of what Craw said.From mowing lawn to clearing snow,he won slowly Craw's trust.After that,Craw helped him enter into a pretty good apprentice school and he became a good skilling apprentice that he can read the millionths of an inch on the micrometer and shape the grinding wheel with an instrument set with a diamond by studying hard.Finally he saved plenty of money by selling a house which was decorated good and then bought a farm.After hard work,his American dream came true.Althrough he passed away soon,his wife and children also came to American and lived a good life.
Tony,a triumphant industrialist,he gets what he tends by his hand.
Now let me tell you something about after-school activities.
I take part in lots of activities in our school.I can develop a friendship with others by joining in it.What's more,it's better for us to join in some gymnastic activities.I think we can not only relax oursrlves but also keep healthy.Moreover,I often watch Ehglish films.It can improve my English to a higher level.
However,it's necessary for us to arrange our time wisely.We should jion in the activities which we truely love.After all,we aim to enjoy ourselves.Listening to music is also a good choice.
In my opinion,after-school activities is of great benefit to us.It can enrich our life.We need balence well between studies and activities.Let'stake part in after-school activities and make our life more colourful!
From the picture,we can see a father is watching cartoons with his son and his son say to him:you can watch cartoons with me,dad,as long as you don't ask me to explain them to you.Obviously,this is a generation gap.
With the development of economy,parents spend less and less time with their children.They don't know the children's feeling,idea or other thing else.Also,children don't want to tell their secret to their parents.They think their parents will against the things that they want to do.It is difficult for parents to solve the generation gap.
In my opinion,generation gap will damage the affection between children and parents.I think children can talk to their parents face to face and tell them our own felling and idea.And parents should spend more time to care about their children,try to communicate and understand their children.Both parents and children should spend their effect to narrow down the generation gap.
In my opinion,home alone is very interest.
Tonight,my parents went out and I was at home alone.
Then I enjoyed films on TV,and after that I played computer games.
Lately I went to finish my homework.
I have a wonderful time.
With the development of the internet, chatting on the internet is a new form of communication.
Internet slang is popular among the youth.
Numerous individuals are questioning the view of internet slang.
On the one hand, they argue that it is a negative customer for the pupils.
Such as it's tired of to love.
They include that this decreasing the youth's motivation for their study, it also causes a negative emotions for their life.
On the other hand, the proponents assume that it is a new customer with the internet's developed in 21th.
They conclude that it is a creative language, yet it can decrease the pressure of workers with a long tired and boring day.
However, every coin has two sides.
Internet slang is an essential phenomenon under the rapidly developed of the internet.
In my opinion, it is wise for us to choose the thing which is beneficial for us to shap our life.
With the development of internet, more and more students spend their spare time in surving, especially for college students.
Some of them play computer games online, some of them make friends online.
In my opinion, it is wise to make friends online.
To drive home my opinion, I'll give you two examples.
Firstly, making friends online can save our time and money.
You should not spend time in hanging out or playing games with the people you want to make friends with.
Besides, you should not spend money in buying gives for the friends online.
For me, a college student, the most important thing is studying instead of making fun with friends.
I need more time in studying so as to build a better life.
What's more, we do not have enough money in buying gives.
Secondly,making friends on line can overcome people's shyness.
One of my friends, he is a boy who's too shy to make friends or even talk to girls.
We met last week after a period of separation.
It surprised me that he became another person.
He's very outgoing and talktive now.
Furthermore, he got a girlfriend two days before we met.
He talk me that, he made a friend online a month ago,and then they communitied a lot online.
It helps him step in a new world without shyness.
According to all above, we can see, it is wise to make friends on line.Different people have different ideas, and waht about yours?
My best friend is a very pretty girl named Ya Nan who is my classmate in High School.
She is a little thin and wears glasses.She seems to be very attractive because of her dress style.
We becoming best friends because we have a common interest.
We are very extroverted and ambitious.She ever told me she wants to be a teacher in the university,and she studies hard.
So She is always among the best in university.Now,she is a student at Chonbuk National University of Korean.She is getting her Master's in Economics.
When we are together,we often travel,watch movie,and we also go shopping together.Having her accompanying with me,my life is always full of joy and happiness.
Nowadays, every one of us lived in the Fast-paced of life.
So using the May Day holiday, I went to my classmate's home to feel the rural life.
In my eyes, this is the slow-paced of life, the people there very happy all the time, the air was very fresh, people cared about each other.
Staying at there I realized the life in rural how glorious.
The second day, we went to see the cherry blossoms in the morning, the cherry fluttering in the sky, just like a little girl is dancing, so beautiful.
We walk in the cherry garden, giving each other take photos, playing very happy.
After appreciated the beauty of cherry blossoms, we went to visit the Russo-Japanese prison.
When we saw every sign in the wall, we didn't know how many innocent people died on earth, but we could know more greats person.
After seeing everything here, I felt my heart is very sad.
After a while, we went to home.
The short journey enriched my experience; I thought I will remember this wonderful short journey, which in my youth time will draw a wonderful note.
As we know, when we finished our first semester's courses, and college will send us to every fire teams.
So, I had come to Sanya special hard fire team.
This day, nervous and excited are filled with my heart.
because I never have been to force.
Everything is unknown for me.
But when I have seen my captain, my doubt is disappearing.
because my captain who is an easygoing man, and is a fabulous fireman specially.
On the hand, when I came to the fire team, and I was attracted into those fire trucks, it's a symbol of the fire spirit.
On the other hand, living and training with soldiers, it's bring a sophisticated feeling to me.
Though this training strength is harder than college, it makes me much happiness.
As a saying goes:"opportunities favor only the prepared ".
And this internship teaches me some knowledge.
I Hear you are a smoker.
Do you think smoke means you are a man.If you think so.I will tell you.You are wrong.
If you go to public place even you by bus or train.You will find No Smoking.
The sign in everywhere.
You will say you can smoke in your own room.
The room was filled with smok.Do you want kill your family?
Don't smoke.It will also kill you.
His father used to smoke 20 cigarettes a day.
He smoked himself sick.
Do some healthful thing.
Such as play basketball.
If you are in trouble have a talk with your parents or friends.
You don't need cigarette.
I hope you live Heathful.
If you need hope I will help you.
Today, I behold the film, the film call Unbroken.
In this film, I am consciousness the human nature and loyalty to the state.
When the war is coming, we can't do anything when we are so young.
Nonetheless Louie Zamperini and Mutsuhiro Watanabe are the soldiers in the state.
In this film, I never saw who is wrong.
I think they are all right.
Maybe, someone will be asking me, why they are all right, Mutsuhiro Watanabe is the bad gay.
I think I must tell you, they are in the war.
They are that all select the state with themselves.
They are the loyalty in the state.
They are just different about the standpoint.
They all fought for the state.
In the film, I saw the name of the camp is Omori detention camp.
Nevertheless I saw the name of Chinese in the film has Nanjing.
This is the dark memory in the history.
So we must learn more.
If the disaster coming, we can do more and more.
It is a contentious issue as to whether shopping online is an advisable choice.
Quite a few people like shopping online.
However, others point out that online shopping isn't safe.
As for me, I side with former.
Firstly, shopping online not only saves money, but also saves time.
You need to find the things you like by using moble phone or computer instead of spending time on going window-shopping.
What's more, shopkeeper needn't to paid some money for house-rent.water.
electricity and so on.
Therefore goods are relatively cheap.
Secondly, online shopping is convenience.
When you did fine one, paid for money by online payment.
The purchases are delivered to you by mail.
When you receive the purchase as like a gift.
Because you never see it, it feels a little surprised.
Last but not least, when it comes to the security of online shopping.
It's hard to say, because every coin has two sides.
At this time people should have a strong sense of protecting themselves.
You meet something strange once online shopping, therefore you must be careful and don't be cheated.
It is not difficult to draw a conclusion that online shopping outweighs the disadvantages.
So if you like online shopping, don't worry too much only tried to enjoy it.
As we know.Sometimes we will meet some frustration in our real life.How to deal with frustration?In my opinion,frist we should have a good mood,because have a good mood can make us feel so happy and let us have the courage to face to meet the frustration,And tell ourself i can do it.Some people say if you believe you can,then you really can.Second analysis of why can appear such problem,and how to solve the problem.Third learn the lesson,if next time you meet with the same frustration,you can understand how to do,it's very important.
Last but not least,we should tell ourself everyone will meet the frustration we are not only one get the frustration,we should take a positive attitude in the face of the frustration.I believe i can fly!
My name is X. I was born in the evening 19 years ago.
It's a cold winter day, while my birth made my family warm.
In my early days, I learnt the new things from the surroundings around me.
I learnt how to walk, how to speak and so on.
At the age of three, I entered into kindergarten.
In these days, I learnt how to study.
I used to be good at drawing.
There is a photo reminding me of the scene.
It was the Children's Day and I got the prize for my painting.
My mother took a photo of me having the painting in my hand.
I'm proud of it because my painting skills disappear as the time went by and my painting now is worse than before.
At the age of six, I entered primary school.
I met my best friend here.
Now we're far apart, but our friendship lasts.
I learnt dancing, piano and so on.
But I did not stick them out, which I regret a lot now.
I spent my happy childhood in the primary school.
The time flew quickly.
I went to the high school.
I studied in the school as a junior and senior high school student for six years and they're the unforgettable years.
I treasure the things which I have had from then.
They are the stars in my life and light my way when I'm in darkness.
I played zither then and I enjoy it.
Some people appeared in my life while some people are away from me.
However, they taught me a lot.
After the 6-year high school life, I entered the university for further study.
I chose English for my major.
I can't give up and I should improve myself to achieve my dream.
There are three people in my family including me, and I am the only daughter.
I love my family.
They always support me.
If I have the wrong direction on my way, they will point the way out.
Since childhood, I've been taught by my parents to make friends with people around and always keep good manners in public.
Besides, I learn the importance of helping people when they need.
Now I'm away from home to study.
I don't know the destination but I know my root is there forever.
Of course I do admit that I have some shortcomings.
I can be shy when speaking in the presence of large crowds of people.
Sometimes I am hesitant in making quick decisions.
But I'm sure I will be able to overcome them.
I think my life is just like a tree.
I have the nutrient from the surroundings around me.
It's growing little by little.
And I hope the day I'll grow a lush tree.
From the picture we can see that the son says "Dad,I'm a bit worried about disposing of nuclear waste.
The implied meaning of picture is that if we encounter a problem,we should do something to solve it better than complaining the things.The son only complain his worried to his father,he doesn't want to do anything for it.And then,his father talks him to do something.
In my opinion,I think we should try our best to do something to solve the problem rather than complaining constantly.Only our action can solve the problem quickly and better.
In society, more and more people use credit card.
It is in our lives the role played.
Some people consider it is very good.
They think it can take some benefits in our lives.
When w e go shopping, we do not take some money in our body.
We also do not need a long row of teams.
It can improve the efficiency of our work.
If we have it, we can shop online.
We do not need to bring a large amount of cash in our wallets and worry all the time about the thieves.
However, others think it is bad.
If the card is too much, we will mess up the password.
If we lose it, it is very trouble to found.
When we use the time to pay attention because it will be magnetized.
Some places do not use the card.
In my viewpoint, it is good.
At the beginning, we spend money like water.
But now , we can save a lot of money.
I think it is very useful in our lives.
I lost a book in the big classroom, No.
 this Sunday.
The name of the book is "How to improve your English".
I borrowed it frow the library.
So if anyone find the book, please call me.
My name is L. My telephone number is 12345678.
Thank you very much for your help.
Presently, BEP ranks 30 th among the Fortune 500 companies.
Moreover, it was our great honour to have won an "Appreciating Award "form UNESCO.
All of these prove that we not only provide the most competitive prices, reliable quality and excellent service, but also have the capability to solve all of their problems.
In order to celebrate the publication of our new series of logistics textbooks, we will sell at a discount in return for a speedy sale.
Our press provides a 20% discount to the comprehensive universities and the teaching staff, without doubt if you order all the six books at once and receive a 20% discount too.
In the mean-time the expiration of our special offer is seven days, of course the period may be extended through agreement.
As we know the logistics industry is going through tremendous changes, many textbooks are out-of-date, but these books can offer you with a fresh message.
As a result adding these books to yourself and school will surely enhance and enrich your knowledge.
Many thanks for your attention to the above and if our books matches your needs, please feel free to call or write us.
We would be happiest to assist you in any way we can.
The email is businesseducation@presscom and our office number is 686934.
National Day, stayed at home boring, rather than taking a trip, tour attractions, open horizon.
After mom's consideration, finally decided to go to Xi'an this beautiful and old city.
Hear the Xi'an, my heart is like the fire of general excited, as you know Xi'an piece but one of the four mountains.
On the road, my heart began to excite, furthermore sun has kissed the Xishan and we waved goodbye.
Or to find a place for two days, and keep the good spirit to tourist attractions.
The very next day early in the morning, in addition day daybreak, we sat on the train to Huashan,when we arrived at the foot of the mountain, looked up, is really a grand adventure, now Huashan is clouds around half a body, like a fairy who dressed in white clothes just sit in the.
Fluttering around a morning, finally be reluctant to part of the farewell to this mountain.
Will be able to sit on the ropeway cable car area a few minutes by car from the foot of the hill, looking down from the cable car, really scared out in a cold sweat, dozens of feet high cliff cliff rises straight from the ground, spectacular.
To the waist to walk by himself, in the mountains, fresh air, have a look around, as if place oneself in the dream, his very.
Leading to the higher place in only one way, it should also permit a saying -- ancient Huashan road.
The third day, the Famen Temple makes me full of the journey, the first to the door first Yingru my eye is the beautiful decoration.
The hall, go inside is even more amazing, will have two Bodhisattvas in my sight, like the Buddha every true to life likeness, like living.
Because of the time, we didn't enter the hall, but I still can imagine the hall look beautiful decoration.
Bid farewell to the Famen Temple, also bid farewell to the Xi'an this beautiful city and ancient, we should also go home, on the way home, my excited mood or a long time can not be calm.
If I have a chance,I will go to Xi'an to settle down.
As far as I am concerned,I has influenced most by this book ,named Of Study.This book is more than wonderful.I like this book very much.
The book,Of Study,which mainly talks about study.In this book, we can learn about that how to study,how to deal with the contradictory of study and thinking.As this book refer that studies serve for delight,for ornament,and for ability.We can try to read books to enrich our life and make ourselves better.
Books are best friend for human being.However,this book are a great many of new word to understand.
As we all known that every books are useful for our life or study.Books enriched our life ,at the same time,we can acquire a lot of knowledge from that.In order to boost our studying standard condition,we can choose to read more books in that way can we benefit more fortune from books.
No matter what books we choose,so long as we spend our free time to read ,we can benefit a lot .Not only our life ,but also our study or work.So ,read more books,more good books .
Nowadays, traffic accident has become a more and more serious problem, and every year so many people died from it.
The needless slaughter on street and highways can be attributed to three general causes.
For one thing, it is the mechanical failures cause the traffic accidents to happen, just like the faulty brakes and the bald tyres.
Many people died from the accident not for their carelessness but the problem of cars.
Another important reason is the environmental condition.
The blind corners, the narrow streets and the heavy fog.
Now the pollution, more and more buildings and cars bring about this external factor.
The heavy fog makes you can not discern the situation around your car, after you find a car before you, everything is late.
The accidents happen definitely.
The errors of human judgement are also the important reason for the accident happens.
We all know that drunken driving is very dangerous, but some people still try doing it.
They lost their judgement when they are driving.
And at last, the sad story will be written anew.
The Old Man and the Sea is one of Hemingway's most enduring works and may very well become one of the true classics of this generation.
It played a great part in his winning the Pulizer Prize in 1953 and the 1954 Novel Prize for Literature and confirmed his power and presence in the literary world.
Hemingway is also one of my favorite writers.
Besides The Old Man And the Sea, I have read some of his other works, such as The Sun Also Rises, A Farewell to Arms and The Snow of Kilimanijaro.
But The Old Man and the Sea is the one that left the deepest impression on me.
This novel mainly wrote one old person alone in marine fishes.
He fished one big fish, tied up the fish head and the upper part of the body side the boat above.
But he met the shark fish, the old person causes all one's skill and the shark fish fight, the shark fish the fish flesh which could eat all eats finished also has about 800 pounds.
This book promulgates the truth, not showed the person how regardless of, most feared is does not have the confidence.
The confidence is just like is the automobile motor, is power which the person goes forward.
I first read this book when I was in my fifteens.
And now I remember it just as well as if I had read it yesterday.
Hello,Mr.Brown,I am Li Hua,The change student live in your home last year.I'm already get China,I'm very thanks for your help during the hole time I was in your home.Thanks for your help,I can enoy my study time in America.
I'm so sorry to tell you a pity thing.When I get home,I know my English dictionary was left in your home and this dictionary is a gift from my English teacher in America.it's so rare for me.So I want to ask for a help,and I know the book is maybe in the bookshelf in my bedroom.I bealive that you will help me post to my home and I will pay for the postage,I would appreciate if you can help me.
The dictionary is raelly improtant for me.And I will thank you very much that you can help me.
I wang to study English for different reasons.First,English is very useful.It is used by so many people and countries.You can speak English with any people in different countries.It isthe most popularest language in the world.Second,I thinkstudy a foreign language can help people understand this country's calture and custom.The next reason,I think one person can speak English graceful is very cool.And the last reason is that Ilike English very much.That's all.
Nowadays, more and more college students dislike to attend their classes for various reasons, and they usually make excuses for didn't attend the class.
Teachers feel very anxious about this, but the students just think it's their freedom whether they will attend the class or not.
But I think they should be required to attend the classes.
First of all, as a student, attending classes are our duty and obligation.
We must do that because we have the duty to study.
We must attend classes because we have the obligation to do that.
As a student, I have the obligation to respect our teacher, we don't attend the classes are a disrespect behaviour to our teachers, and I have the freedom to listen to the teachers or not, but we should come and attend.
Second, for the schools, your parents had paid for that, so the school must be responsible for them.
So the school will not let you be absent for classes.
Some people said that they can also study at home or outside themselves but to attending the classes, but how do we know you are studying or not if you don't attend the classes, actually not.
So for school, they must make sure you can study something in the classes no matter what ways they use.
The last, attending the classes can help us to learn some experience form our teacher and make us calm down to learn something new.
All of the teachers has their own ability and own style, like a boss in a company, and we can treat a teacher as our boss in the future, and learn how to keep a good relationship with the leader.
By this way, I believe all of us can be intelligence in our work time.
In a word, no matter you want to attend to the classes or not, you have to do that, because you are students.
Although you dislike it, you can get something by attending the classes, I think it's an experience for all of us.
Doing some reading does occasionally bring me the pleasure of my life.
When I am hurt, it comforts me just like my friend, talking to me and returning me a beautiful sky.
When I lose my way, it helps me to Maintain a tranquil heart and find a way to go on.
It makes me realize that being failed is the most of the time in our lives.
We should accept it.
Reading gives me a broad perspective of my life.
You may see plenty of amazing places through the travelling books.
You may learn how hard the lives some people gain so you will appreciate the things around you and value your life better.
Because of the reading, I realize how important I was, how valuable the people around me and how hopeful tomorrow is.
I love reading, it gives me a happy life.
Many people don't think college student know how to deal with frustration.But I think frustration is a part of our life,and it make our stronger and it make our learn to optimistic manner,so it is important to everyone.
For some reason or other,college student is not good at deal with frustration.For example,if they meet with frustration in work,most of them don't know how to deal with and they will shrink back.As we know,the generality of student are the only child of their family,they are taked care by their parents and they are spoiled.That is the reason of they can't deal with frustration.
Schools should provide students with the opportunity to temper themselves,students should have courage to face to frustration and parents should not to spoil their child.
Last week I went to Happy Valley Amusement Park with my pupils and teachers.
We spent a wonderful time there.
In the morning, we got out from High School.
Before we went Happy Valley Amusement Park, we took a photo with each other at the school.
First of all, we went to a restaurant to spend time playing the Canadian.
We sang songs and danced together.
The Canadian mother made cookies for us.
Some students listened to stories with the Canadian mother.
The Canadian mother told we the origin of Christmas.
We ate Chinese food with the Canadian family.
The food was very delicious.
In the afternoon, we played the recreation facility in Happy Valley Amusement Park.
We played a lot of irritative recreation facility.
It's really hard to play these games on weekends.
Today I will talk about the advantages of getting a good education in 3 ways.
First, one can get a personal enrichment through a good education as it can broaden our horizons.
Secondly, a good education provides us with more job opportunities, however, mainly because the beautiful diploma.
Finally, when seen in a higher level, we can find that a good education will surely make an uncountable contribution to society.
To conclude, not only our government but also we individuals should pay great attention to good education.
For one thing, the mechanical failures is a significant cause.
The faulty brakes and unfavorable tyres led to some accidents.
For another thing, environmental conditions can not be ignored.
When having heavy fog in the winter, which will leaves some serious consequences.
On the one hand, the driver can only see short distance.
On the other hand, the pedestrian can not see the cars in the street, so it is easier than habitual happen accidents.
Besides, blind corners and narrow streets are also essential aspects.
Another important reason is the errors of human judgment.
Some drivers are always driving when they are drunk, it is very dangerous and bring about a series of accidents.
Drivers should take the responsibility when they are driving.
This summer vacation, I didn't have any memorable experiences.
But still, I have learned three indispensable things during this simple and ordinary summer.
After I graduate, I plan to take the civil service exam.
Therefore, I started to review the Chinese literature which is what I already learned when I was in high school.
Shockingly, I completely forgot those things and it was totally new for me.
The reality made me realize that learning should be persistent.
Furthermore, it is necessary to keep reviewing.
On the other hand, I tended to get up late in the beginning of the vacation.
Due to this bad habit, I was prone to fall asleep late.
This caused me to get into a bad groove.
After couple vicious circles, I had the insomnia.
The painful experience reminded me the importance of keeping a good life habit.
Another valuable thing I have learned was from my younger sister.
She just graduated from junior high school this summer.
I did my duty to awaken her to memorize more English vocabulary before attending to high school.
At first, she was diligent and studious.
However, it didn't take long.
At last, she quit.
Obviously, she regrets right away after she started her high school life.
Although it is a cliche to say I have learned to be perseverant from her experience, undeniably, it is still an important thing to keep in mind.
As we know, we eat steamed bread as our mainly important food in every meal.
maybe you will think it's a difficult work.. As far as I am concerned, I declare that it's an easy but a little complex work.
The first step is making a paste.
While you may ask how to make it, there are two steps to do it by and large.
First, put some yeast into a bowl with some water in it and use chopsticks to mix it.
After 30 minutes later, put some wheat flour into a big china pot and also put the yeast you made before into the pot together.
Second, you should use your own both powerful hands to knead the wheat flour and yeast together.
If you could not knead them together, which says the water isn't enough, you should add some water to it.
About 10 minutes' kneading, a paste will be made out.
The second is to make the paste into the shape of the steamed bread.
At the beginning, put some wheat flour on the board well-distributed.
After 40 minutes fermenting, you can take out the paste out of the pot and put it on the board.Then, what you need to do is to knead the paste with your powerful hands.
While you knead it, do not forget to put some soda in the paste, which can make the steamed bread soft and taste delicious.
The last thing you should do is to cut the paste into some small pieces.
After 20 minutes kneading, you should make the paste into a long shape which is easy to cut with a knife.
That's to say, the shape of the steamed bread is being made out.
The last and most important thing is to steam it.
First, you should find a pot, then pour some clean water into it.
Second, you ought to heat the pot through the natural gas till the water is boiling.
Third, you should put a piece of wet cloth on the each layer of the pot.
Then you can put the small shape of steamed bread on each layer of the pot.
Steaming them for 50 minutes, then the delicious steamed bread is being made out.
From these processes, we know that making steamed bread is not so difficult excpt a little complex.
If you want to have a try to do it by yourself, you can do it as the steps which I have told.
As long as you want to do it, you could make it well successfully.
With the popularity of the Internet, there seems to be a trend that the traditional reading is being replaced by online reading among people, especially among students.
Tradition Reading is good for our eyes .And traditional reading can improve our knowledge and improve our interest .
It can easy to carry .
And It is good for our writing .
We can study reasons from it .
And we can Traditional Reading in a comfortable environment .
But Traditional Reading can only study a few knowledge Online Reading is also improve our knowledge and we can learn more knowledge than Tradition Reading .
It can keep our environment clean .
But Tradition Reading is bad for our eyes .
So I think we should have not noly Traditional Reading but also Online Reading.
First,which means more and more popular that studrent can choose where and when to learn for an online course .
Secondly,the internet have covered all over the world,use the computer more conveniently to get information and obtain knowledge.
Thirdly,modern science and technology developing faster and faster,and most shudrents have computers.
In my opinion,taking the online course have more advantage,I agree with this means to study.
My library must keep an quiet environment, thanks to many students often reading, a great many people like to read book, at the moment, they need an environment keep quiet.
so, they often go to the library, Now, more and more people use phone where in the library, make read book lovers to influence, and many students forget it what in the library.
In addition, some of the book are not allowed to carry out, people use a mobile to an important film.
With the increase of cities' population,housing problems are becoming more and more apparent.Many people just have too small houses.They complain that their houses are too small to live in.We even can see several people live in one room.Despite the mushrooming high building,the provision of living space falls far short of demands.
Now that the housing problem is so serious,can we solve it with a perfect way.Various solutions have been put forward.I think the most important and efficient way is to control the population.Then we should make the most use of the field and build more high buildings to live in.
In my opinion,the housing problem is very complicated,involving many other problems such as traffic.We should think over from every side.I believe the housing problems will be solved.
Everyone has a hero, but my hero is not a celebrity, she is my mother.
I know my mother loves me,because she makes me feel strong, I can do almost anything.
She is not tall, long black hair, Remember once, I was sick, .
Very serious, she is feel very vexation, so holding me to the hospital, and finally she at home to take care of me, even she gave up her job.
I am very concerned.
At this time I feel my mother's love.
I think my mother is very great, maybe she is just an ordinary person, but she is my goddess, is my hero.
I know my love for my mother won't change, it will never end.
The library of our campus is so small .It's inconvenient for us to read out-of-class materials.But it is important to be provided rich kinds of books.
because everyone llikes the quiet atmosphere in the library .It's school's duty toprovide quiet study environment for students.
In my opinion,some classrooms can be used as reading rooms.Books newspapers and magazines can be finded in the reading rooms.
So students can have more places to read and study .
Nowadays, waste sorting is a very hot topic.
It can be defined as a procedure composed of waste storage, delivery and transfer.
In my opinion, waste sorting is not only a method to purify our environment, but also a way to improve the resource value of rubbish.
These wastes deeply increase the degree of environmental degradation.
According to the survey, the chemical elements in the battery will do severe harm to human beings, the abandoned plastics will reduce the yields of crops and it can even be eaten by animals accidentally, which leads to many deaths of animals.
Waste sorting can deal with this issue effectively.
We only need to get a knowledge of waste sorting and spend a little part of daily time.
Besides this point, the waste we have sorted in different bins will be transferred into resource.
For example, there are about four billion snack boxes used in China every year, which weigh about 14 thousand tons.
And a ton of wasting plastics can make 600 kilograms diesel.
Moreover, we can make new snack boxes instead of cutting off a number of tress.
By this method, we can make full use of resource value of rubbish.
Everyone can make a lot of rubbish in their life.
Most of the wastes will be buried, burned or changed into fertilizer in some communities that are in good management.
However, much litter is only be piled together, which causes the stinking smell in our daily life.
The best way to treat this landfill is waste sorting.
We cannot only solve the problem of many non-degradable rubbish like batteries, glass and plastics, but also we change them into treasures not rubbish.
China has gone through a series of tough times.
After a long tough journey ,Chinese poeple has made ahievements in nation rejuvenation .
Obviously,youth become a shoulder to the China.
Personally,young generation,the new strengthens for the Chinese development ,who is becoming uesful.
Out of the question ,they will make great contribution to our country.
It is of significance that teenagers have better growth from the education.
Won four gold medals,Ning Zetao,has made great contribution to the Chinese swimming development.
As a good example,Ning's performance that give encourage to our youth to achieve the dream,which will help our country more powerful.
As the Chinese,we have a various of ways to strengthen ourselves.
Now I am in Northeast normal university,I am very excited.And I think the life here is beautiful enough,in addition to miss my parents.Also I feel confused sometimes.For example,I do not know we have to buy textbooks by ourselves.But maybe it is a symbol of being a college student.
After entering this college,I have learned a lot and I have known that college is really different from high school.In my high school,I always dreamed that I could live with my friends,I thought it would be interesting.Now,it comes true.I live with five room-mates in the university,and because of their good characters,I can get on well with them.It makes me very happy.Living with five room-mates is an amazing experience for me.In high school,my friend and I can only stay together in the daytime,after class,we have to get back our own home.So I especially cherish the life in university.
Although I cannot suit the life here very well,but I will try my best to adapt to my new life.After all, I am here now and I will live here for four years.I believe that I could get a lot whether in study or in life .
One will meet a person who can change them.
In my life there is a person like that.
She is a little bit fat girl in my senior high school class.
She has two big bright eyes under a pair of thick eyebrows.
Whenever she sees you, she always gives you a friendly smile which makes you comfortable.
Compared with my yellow hair, her hair is black and thick.
She speaks very fast and fluently, but what she says is very clear.
However, she likes to gesture from time to time while she's talking.
We made her our monitor not for her fine looks, but for her good qualities.
She is good at her lessons and ready to help others.
She never quarrels with anyone about small things.
She is good-mannered.
But on the playground she looks like a naughty boy.
Even she can play basketball as good as boys.
Due to she can well-united us, teacher always let her give them a hand.
In that time we were going to university, each of us worked very hard but the score still stay low.
Teachers divided us into four groups which contains all standards of students.
She helped teacher to organize us to share learning methods and solve problems together in the follow days.
Finally, we made our university dreams reality.
How can one forget her if he or she has been with her for quite some time?She became an inmitate sister of us because of her positive personality and gorgeous appearance.
We keep in touch with her all the time even we are in the different school.
When we face difficulties she is the first choice to pour our heart.
Wherever she is she always can make many friends.
And I want to be a girl like her.
So I began to transform myself gradually.
Recently, the issue of the old has been brought to public attention.
Along with the development of the country, more and more young people forget to respect the old.
As far as I'm concerned, I think it's necessary and important to respect the old.
Firstly, there's no denying that we take with the old politely which will make the old feel happy.
When we are children, the old protect us from harm.
Now, we should protect them.
The next, what calls for special attention is that we should care for the old sincerely.
Only we pay sincerely, the old live really happily.
Similarly, I believe that if we do some things for the old such as caring for their health and change their lives, they will be very happy.
As the proverb says, put themselves in the others' shoes.
For us, we really should take care of the old.
Thank you fou your letter of 23 May 2015 , much to our regret , we refuse to file a claim against you for office supply .
We forgot to send 1 supply , we will deliver 1 office supply on time .
It's due to the bad weather , which Lead to the office supply late for two weeks .
We enclosed the coply of B/L .
We hope that you this matter cann be resolved as soon ass possible .
Awaiting you favorable reply as soon as possible at your earliest convenience .
Shirley.
Nice, obsessional, reliable.
Hardworking, thinking, painting.
Relative of lady nana, who is the hostess of Hunan TV.
Who loves to cuisine some delicacy.
Who needs a bright future.
Who wants to be loved by someone.
Who dislikes annoying butterfly.
Who used to be a fat-guts.
But about all, who is crankiness in some way.
Resident of JiLin province which is beautiful and rich.
She is ingenious and charming girl.
My name is X.
It is obvious that fatness has become a serious problem which has a bad effect on our health.And at present the situation in the teenagers is even worse.
There are many reasons why so many people are overweight.As far as I am concerned,I think there are three reasons for fatness.Firstly,we do not have regular and healthy breakfast.Secondly,we form the unhealthy habit of eating too much high-energy food which leads to fatness.Thirdly,we do not exercise often.
eating healthily so that they can study better.Secondly, they ought to get up off the couch and exercise instead.Thirdly,they are supposed to have more fruit and vegetables.
In a word,Rome is not built in a day.If we keep eating healthily and exercise regularly,we will achieve our goals of losing weight.
I like the summer hoilday so much.I look forward to summer holiday every year.This summer ,I went to ShenZhen for my holiday,which is also a city of seashore like Haikou.I enjoyed having a walk along the beach after supper or having a swim in the afternoon.The sky is blue,the air is fersh.Wherever you go,you can always see the green trees,the neat grasses and the colourful flowers.They were really wonder.ShenZhen has a lot of tall buildings.And it is a modern city.
I do agree that students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.
The following is my point of views.
Firstly, in the long history of China, "teacher" is considered as a noble vocation.
People in China all agree that we should pay as much as respect to teachers.
It makes students can only obey teachers'demands instead of proposing their own views.
Secondly, as we can see, the competition in the world is more and more fierce, but now, students in China are lacking the ability of creative which is the most important ability in this competitive world.
It has become a quite serious problem now.
If we want to change this disadvantageous situation, we have to build an equal relationship between students and teachers.
The last but not the lest reason is that some of the teachers are not considering students requirements.
They are just like finishing an insignificant task.
Not allow students to give their query are weakening the connections between students and teachers.
In my opinion, I suppose if students are encouraged to make comments can make teachers realize their responsibilities of their students and jobs.
Some people may worry about the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
But I don't think this should be worried.
None of students will make fun of criticizing teachers on purpose, if somebody did this, that student must need more concern from teachers.
On the other side, I think students comments and criticism close the distance between teachers and students.
Teachers can find out what they should improve much easier too.
Nowadays,there have a phenomenon that online shopping has been became a kind of fashion.
According to a survey,eighty percent teenager prefer to online shopping.
Online Shopping has so many positive effects,such as it's convenient and quick to buy some things when you busy.And it's an enjoyable experience to shopping on the internet.But one coin has two sides,online shopping also has some questions.
I think online shopping will let you buy some things that you dont't need at some times.In addition to the above-mentioned negative effects it might bring about, online shopping also may buy some fake goods.
As far as I'm concerned,online shopping is a positive shopping style.It's benefit to the development of economic,and it's convenient for our life.So we should shopping online moderately.
These days ,low-carbon lifestyle has become popular among people around the world.
People attach more importance to live a low-carbon lifestyle.More essential,as we can see,people are taking small steps ,but making a big difference to the world.
Low-carbon lifestyle means that we cut down the amount of carbon dioxide in daily lives .It aims to slow down the rise of temperature ,and to keep a balance between man and nature.
As college students ,we are responsible for the future of mankind .
The most impressive thing I have in the last two years is I won the first prize in the school singing contest.I was nervous before the game.I never thought I will get this place.Because I had never won a prize.But last month,I did it.And I was very excited.So excited now.I got such a good position because I am very hard before.So I think nothing is difficult,if you put your heart into it.
Time was like an arrow of time.
A life gone away.
Huai panding experience army life and the redlizatian of the self value of desire.I came to the gress-roots units practice.
This is the first step of my military career, will for the rest of my life.
learning, work and produced a far-reaching impact.
This time in the grass-roots squadron of soldiers training,not only let us see the basie level of the teame's exceiient hardware facilities, but also let us understand the basic situation of the work of grassroots units.
Let us see the future in the grass-roots forces to display their talents.
In this practice I and the reality to eat, live with hardship, during the day and work hard to train.
late at night, try to stand good every post.
In practice I find every opportuning to team leaders and sergeant door to consult with an open mind and learn the valuable experience of the construction of grass-roots management to them.
Learning the advantages of their lives.
To achieve the transformation from a local high school students to a quatified military school students must have the courage to have a customer service, I will continue to improve themselves, and strive to become a qualified military acade my students.
In recent years,there had been increasing number of mixed marriages.With the number of transnational marriage mounting,the controversy has become more and more hated.Different people will offer different opinions.Some people take it for granted that they support the mixed marriages.According to them,they can know more about their custom and communication.What's more the marriage between two countries can promote cultural exchange.
However,others hold that mixed marriages shouldn't be accepted.In their opinions,they are grow in different countries.So,they have different customs, value, culture and education.How should they avoid these problems.Besides,not only they should settle their problem,but also should they face their family.
As far as I'm concerned,I disagree the mixed marriage,though people's mind had been charged greatly,we still can't overcome some difficulties about the mixed marriage.Honestly,you need to be more than doubly optimistic to try it.
As we all know, education plays a very important role in our daily life and the development of human beings.
We can learn and benefit a lot from education, and it is education that makes human beings intelligent.
Education makes my life wise.
When I was young, I didn't know how to express my feelings correctly, and most of the time I played alone, so I was often regarded as a shy girl.
But it was not me.
In fact, I wanted to make friends actively, and I liked to play with them, but I didn't know how to do that.
After reading a passage called Be Confident, I got to know the way to communicate with others, and I began to talk with others and play with my new friends.
It is education that makes me more outgoing.
Education can make human beings' cultures live longer.
We can inherit our cultures from generations to generations by education.
For example, the cultures that we are learning today is from our ancestors, and the reason why we can learn them today is that we are educated.
So we can draw a conclusion: Education is one of the best ways to inherit our cultures.
Education can improve the quality of people.
Suppose everyone in the world could receive education, I believe that such bad behaviors as spitting everywhere and throwing litter everywhere can decrease, and our environment would be better.
In a word, education is very important and necessary.
Not only we but also our planet could become better by education.
For the last few years,There is a great change on the earth.And a common issue discussed on television,on the internet,on radon shows and in newspapers is that of the global warming.What is global warming?What result in the global warming?It will give us advantages or disadvantages?Here is some information about it.
First of all,The global warming is when the earth heats up,this is obviously due to the rise in temperature.There are many reason that cause it.What's more,we are run out of the energy on thh earth.Last but not least,we most care about is the global warming's advantages and disadvantages.The advantages are that it make the winter get shorter,make us feel warm.However,it can also make a two-week advancement in spring,weather and ice melt that would affect the stability of the polar bears.It is hard to imagine the world without creature.So,we should think how to solve this problem.For example,encouraged people to use public transportation or to take up cycling,developing low-carbon life and so on.
In my opinion,I think that it is difficult to imagine the phenomena that global warming still and it can be said that each person is simply just a dot on the earth.So,It is important to know how to protect ecosystem from destroying and how to get on well with the nature,Let's do it.
For someone,success is defined in terms of the dollar amount on a paycheck,for others,it's the title on their card.Others may define success in terms of the accolades and awards they have won.
The different person holds different view on this question,most are about wealth or power.However,in my opinion,success means achieving brilliant results in your own work as well as keep a great balance between work and family life.
While you are working,you have to get along well with your partners,care for each other,follow your principles,pay more attention to your work method and make outstanding contributions to the development of the country and bring happiness to people.As a matter of fact,it's quiet difficult,and that's the reason why only few people could be successful.
However, there's far more difficulties to be successful.Comparing with the other guys,your family members need you more.Don't put the cart before the horse,what you have done on the work ultimately works on the happiness of your family.In another word,wealth means nothing when the cost is your golden hours with your parents and child.
The people you love is the motive power for you to achieve success,if you got their hearts and are able to prove them a better life,that is true success.
Nowadays, waste is common to much campus in our country.
Some college students lack experience of managing money on their own.
They often go to the street with their girlfriends or boyfriends.
In the result, they end up overspending their budgets, even lending money from others.
As far as I am concerned, tracking the expenses should be the first step to take.
You should put down in writing everything you buy over the course of a mouth.
Then, we should buy something that we need.
Most students, especially girls, they often buy many things which they needn't.
Last but not least, if you have no money, you can ask some money from your parents.
You had better don't lend money from your students or friends.
You may lose your friends if you don't give the money in time, because you cheat in them.
In conclusion, we should learn some smart money management tips and reduce the spending in the daily life.
Only by this way can we enjoy college life without money.
I want to Participate in the trip ,I am very interesting in it .As far an I am concerned it is benefit to our health and can make friends and promote the friendship between the friend.
Such as water ,umbrella and so on .Please tell me what should I take and tell me what should I pay attention to .
Furthermore ,I want to learn ,there are how many people Participate in it?Thank you very much .
Reading is one of the most important parts of our life.
We can learn more knowledges , improve our grade and open up our eyes by reading.
Reading is not only for study but also a good way to relax our hearts.
Reading makes a person graceful.
During the afternoon you can sit in the sunshine, drink a cup of tea and read a book.
This is so a relaxing thing.
People who regard reading books as a hobby often give us a different feeling.
Just like an old Chinese saying says reading a good book is like talking to a good man.
When you read by heart you will find more than you can find through the daily life.
When we read some poems we just like the poet, when we read the moving stories we just like the hero of the story.
Reading influences us deeply.
So we are what we read.
In today'society,a part of college student has some unhealthy habits,such as stay up intensely late,excessive consumption,addicted to game and so on.
On the one hand,these unhealthy habits are harmful to our body,it will result in some serious illness that makes us extremely painful,on the other hand,these bad habits has a negative effect on our daily life,make us get tired of everything and feel hopeless to our future life.
About this abnormal phenomenon,we should take effective measures to keep college students away from these bad habits.First,the students themselves should establish a positive outlook on life,second,they should try to have a healthy new life instead of the dreadful ones.If we accomplish the two point,it is surely that we will have a bright life.
Now, more and more students choose team learning.
The different person hold different views.
Some of them consider it's good for studying, the reason why they think so is that when they have various problems they can discuss them together without teachers.
However, some hold the opposite view that it's bad for learning.
They hold this view because they spend most of the time in playing together rather than learning.
In my view, I'm in favor of the first one.I consider that learning together can develop a habit that the students can study actively.
In conclusion, the group cooperative learning is good for us to learn.
Amy chua, a professior of Yale University, wrote a book called Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother.
This book tells stories about how the author teach her daughters with chinese traditional strict methods and concludes a large amount of English vacabulary.
Reading this book can help you improve your reading skill.But, Amy Chau's teaching methods led to a social discussion about children's education.
Most of chinese mother disapprove of Amy Chau's methods through her 17-year-old daughter has been admitted by Harvard University.
Nowadays,in china,many children are the only child in their family,meanwhile, they are the apple of their parents' or even their grandparents' so they are freedom from housework,and what's worse, they are becoming very dependent on their parents.As a college student,what shall we do to become more independent?
After entering university, we need to have certain goals for our growth, maturity,independence,and posses the brave to meet the changes which will occur in your life as you move from adolescence to young adulthood.During this time, we need to endeavor to find out who we are and what our strengths and weaknesses are.This is very beneficial for our independence.
Last of all,college is a designed to be a time of personal growth and expansion.It is an experience that contributes to our young adults' growth.Just as, we should grow in our understanding of ourselves,others,and the world in which we live.
Last but very important,our younger generation is the flower of one country,the hope of tomorrow,and the future pillar of one state.How important we are!
As an old saying goes:" Independence is better than God's hands!".
My apologies, in that I usually think I am excellent enough.
My apologies, in that I can't be working harder.
My apologies, in that I often argue with my dear mother.
My apologies; in that sometimes I am really waste my life.
My apologies, I will correct all of them.
A person had became fat from kid to adult.
To prevent heart disease he started walking and running.
Finally he lost weight and won a marathon gold medal.
You can see that the person eventually achieved his goal.
Obviously perseverance made a great contribution to the process.
In my opinion perseverance is always an important quality for a person.
If you really want to fulfill your dream, you may meet many troubles.
As a result,you should have a kind of belief that you will keep doing what you are keen on until you succeed.
That's perseverance.
For the person in the paragraph, his walking and running everyday for years amazed me.
I think the perseverance is indeed what people need today.
In fact I used to have a period of disappointment.
I believe I tried a lot to study only to find I still couldn't make the grades.
But I didn't give up trying.
I studied harder and harder day by day.
I persevered with making great efforts for a long time.
At last ,I achieved my goal.
That's the power of perseverance.
Everyone has the potential to succeed.
Just go and do it day by day,year by year.
If you can keep doing the one thing ,you can succeed.
Come on friends ,lets strengthen our dreams and persevere with accomplishing it .
As time passed quickly.
Our university has been 1/8 times.
Through this time I experienced a lot.
I have benefited a lot from the university.
To begin with, entered the university let me make more friends , and we taked about everythings and trust.
Whst's more important is that I took part in some activities, this makes university lift more fulfilling, next.
I have experience of lift for the first time travel, it makes me excited.
Last but not least, I read some books this makes my spirit's world substantial.
However, A lot of time I think was boring, that's because we have some spare time.
Generally speaking, we hope the university can host more activities.
In a word, this is my university lift, have some happiness ang some sadness .
 a.m.
we'll first visit some famous ancient buildings with professional comments,at the same time,regarding it as a teaching background to make some related topics in your lesson-preparations for students.And then you can go to any place here as you like,taking some photos as teaching material to stimulate student's interest.
Whether buying souvenirs depends on yourselves.
My name is Z,my senior high school life has began.Let me tell you something about what my first day's thought was in the school.
first of all,my first memory of the Yizhong must be the dining hall.When I step into it,I can't believe my eyes.Any food I have ate were so delisious.It's such a surprise for me at the first day.
In addition,drawing may be my favorite activity in first grade.Compared to my jenior school,I can have so much free time for my hobby.
besides,my first teacher is Mr.chen who is a interesting young man teaching us chemistry.I like him because of his humor.
My first best friend is An Zhaoyu,in my opinion,he is a lovely boy.
It's only 3 days from the term began.I wish he will be my best friend forever.
Above what I have said,I love Yizhong Senior School from my heart.
I'd like to study and live in this school which is not only wonderful but also colorful.
With time going by,science and technology make huge progress.People lead a worthy life.Mobile phones are more and more important.So a lot of people often use mobile phone on the wrong occasion.Mobile phones are becoming a new scene on campus.Especially in the library,a lot of people use the mobile phone in the reading room.
As the matter of fact,that act alaway have some bad effects.For one thing,it has a great influence on the others ,for another thing,it is not beneficial to yourself.
In my opinion,It is necessary to restrict the mobile phone in the library.In this way,The library will be the place for learning.
go to class and on internet everyday.
can make so many friend at school.
Please you believe the sunshine will be walk to you.
Hello ,miss X ,my name is W who is from Y .That is a beautiful place where is located in the south of Y .
There are five people in my family , that is my parents , my two younger brothers and I My hobbies are widespread ,for example , reading is one of my favorite hobbies .finally I want to say that I am glad to the U Pdytechic Institute , because it is a stage for me to achieve my dream .
Due to a large export order we will have a training course about foreign language at 8 a.m on Sunday to make you be familiar with them easily.Please attend on time.
Nowadays, the academic plagiarism become a new phenomena ,which draws more and more attention from society.And what surprised us most is that,not only the students , but also some teachers ,even professors take participate in the queue,which indeed is the sorrow of our society.
We all know academic plagiarism do nothing but harm to everybody .The copy cats will be lazy in exploring ,experimenting,and researching .Therefore, there will be less new ideas,new achievements will emerged in the world, which could accelerate the development of academy,technology,even the society.
Otherwise,the academic plagiarism in some extent ponders the people falling moral problem,which absolutely is a threaten to the world.
So prohibiting academic plagiarism is the most urgent task for us.It is the key to solve the significant obstacles to growth in academy.So here are my opinions on it.
First,we should establish an academic supervision system,monitoring academic plagiarism.In addition,strengthening moral conscious may be a superb measure.We need let people reject academic plagiarism consciously,with their contempt to copying.Apart from these,it seems efficient to set up a flow of punishment regulations,aiming at the academic plagiarism.
There is a saying, "Humans think alike".I believe most of us would stand in the integrity peaks ,resisting the act of plagiarism firmly .And I believe more and more people would join us.
Keep it,it is never too late to do it.
AIDS is not a distant threat ; it is a present danger .
Several millions infections are dead or dying all over the world and more and more infections will be counted in the coming few years .
The virus does not care whether you are Chinese or Americans .
It does not ask whether you are male or female, young or old , it will attacks you as long as you are a human .
It is no exaggeration to say that today AIDS is becoming the first leading killer of humanbeing .
There are several acknowledged factors for such a situation : unsafe sexual intercourse ; sharing or reusing contaminated needles ; transfusion of contaminated blood or blood products ; an infected person pregnancy , giving birth and breastfeeding and so on .
Even worse , we have helped AIDS along - we have killed each other - with our ignorance ; our prejudice and our silence .
patients , contracted HIV ,are isolated or treated as outcasts by their families and their communities , and they feel reluctant to be treated as such so that they have to try to hide their disease .
For this reason , they can not take effective actions to fight against AIDS .
It is not infections who should feel ashamed ; it is we .
We who tolerate ignorance and practice prejudice have actually placed more people at risk .
We should make every effort to fight against this deadly disease by informing all people how to avoid being infected and how to lead a secure life .
We should keep in minds that not victims longing for our pity , they are people , ready for support and worthy of compassion .
Only in these ways can we really take AIDS under control .
Recentiy,the topic of life style is becoming more and more popular in our school.
The view I held is that country life is for me.
Country life is so good.
On the one hand, air in the country makes me comfortable.
On the other hand, we can eat froth vegetable at any time.
It is very convent.What's more, the night in the country is very quiet, I can have a good sleep every night.
The last but not least.
The neighbors are on speaking term.
However, I think that city life is not so good.
First, I don't want to stay at home alone at the weekend.
Second, the noise in the city makes me fainted.
Moreover, the traffic in the city is very congested.
In balance, living in the country can live a health life.
So country life is for me.
Food miles is a term which refers to how far the food has traveled until it reaches the consumer.
There are some places on the earth where the land is barren, the weather is terrible or the quantity of water is small.
So people have to eat food transported in large food miles.
It's inevitable.
Nonetheless, in my opinion, if it's for appetite, the large food miles should be avoided.
Although with time going by, our technology is improving, and the transportation and food preservation are becoming more and more convenient and mature.
