She is beautiful and smart.
Henry Higgins is a speech professor.
And he writes down every words of Eliza to have some researches on her when they first meet.
Finally,Eliza can speak perfect English.
In the movie,we can see that being customed to Eliza's greeting,care and company,Henry Higgins gives Eliza some advice carelessly.
It is when Eliza really leaves and says she will marry another young man that shocks him and makes him sadness and recreation.
But this movie has a really sweet ends the gentleman fall in love with the lovely girl.
So,in my opinion,we still have many opportunities to improve our spoken English.
I will try my best to overcome the shyness when I speak English.
Since I am preparing for the PG examination, I'm afraid that I can only guarantee the translation task.
I am quite sorry for that.
However, I will try my best to finish this homework.
I've got an English Translation Practice of Level 3, and I plan to take advantage of this book to improve my translation ability.
There are 16 different topics in this book, and I'd like to choose two topics every week to practice.
The first three days for a long passage of one topic, and another four days for the other topic.
Every evening, I will spend about an hour translating at least 200 words, and then check my work with the answer to conclude some important translation measures so that I can apply them to my practice in the later time.
At the end of every week, I will also make a brief review of what I've learned from the translation.
In the first 8 weeks, I will finish all topics of this book, and I will return to translate another passage of the same topic to test myself to see what I've mastered or not.
Finally, I will make a total review of this book to better improve myself.
What I need most now is time and patience.
The PG examination is not long ahead and I've got so many practices to do and a lot of books to review every day.
I am such an anxious girl that I must learn to keep patient to complete any tasks both in classes and after classes.
To meet my needs, first, I should spend less time on unnecessary matters, especially on the Internet and shopping.
Second, I will make full use of every class time to ensure myself to learn what the teacher teaches as much as I can.
Third, the best solution to keep patient is reading.
Whenever I get anxious, I will put away my practices to read some magazines such as Economists.
Not only can this magazine keep me calm down and patient, I can also know plenty of current matters from it, economy and politics are in particular.
Above is my plan of this semester.
I hope I will make a great progress in translation.
With the development of the Internet,more and more people tend to shop on the Internet.Online shopping has provided some benefits for us,but it also has some disadvantages at the same time.
For one thing,online shopping has brought some convenience for consumers.Instead of going to one shop to another,people can choose and buy all kinds of commodities they like as long as they click the mouse gently.This is not only a better choice for the old who do not have enough energy to go outside but also a great convenience for those who have no time to go shopping in person.In addition, they are shopping on the Internet.
All models can browse through all of the categories of commodities, determines the color and size do you want to buy.Furthermore,online shopping has made a great contribution to the development of express delivery industry.
However, on the other hand, in the online shopping can not before they buy goods test.Sometimes, the real goods are not the same as the goods they see on the Inertnet.
Secondly, some shops on the Internet are dishonest,they will not deliver the goods after payment.And if this situation happens, the consumers would find nowhere to complain and never pull out the money any longer.
Therefore, we should pay more attention when shopping on the Internet.
Yesterday was sunday.A good friend contacted me because he wanted to have a dinner with me.I went to downtown by bus Number 5.After 40 minutes I arrived railway station that we have arranged to meet here.We were walked around then decided to have dinner in the restaurant.The restaurant' wall mainly showed lemon yellow.Overall have Europe and the retro style.All kinds of yogurt,sugar,vegetables,fruits,cupcake,meat,drink and ice cream made me felt excited!If I were a superman,I would eat those delicious food up by myself.We have a good time!
Today is gloomy day!I don't feel rested when I wake up in the morning.I exhaustively stumped class.The first class is Language laboratory practice.I actively answer the teacher asked question.I was praised by the teacher.She's encourage make me cheer up.The second class is Comprehensive English.This morning,I haven't had breakfast yet .Now,I feel hungry very much!My deskmate gives me small bread.Suddenly,I feel my heart singing.Thank you!
Recently, with the development of science and technology the problem of celebrities as products spokesperson draws an increasing attention.
In spite of purchasing products is a very common phenomenon, as well we need to get great attach to the influence of the situation.
There is no doubt that the products publicized by celebrities may bring lots of income for the businessman.
Wath's more, the area can lead to so many problems.
For one thing, more and more people take much attention to celebrities' clothing as well eating.
Wihch will show a tendency to blindly follow.
For another, celebrities make advertisement only for reward, and have not taken the products' quality into consideration, as a result of that so many customers suffering much.
Last but not least, so many citizens purchase as many as possible things which they didn't use as usual in the life.
In my opinion, the situation of celebrities as products spokespersons will have bad influence of our life.
When it comes to The Internet,different people have different opinion.Some people argue the Internet can make learning and work more efficient,Howeber other maintain the internet for young people to indulge in and then affect learning.
Some people aregue that its advantageous.
To start with it will convenient when we handle some datas,Further more we should follow the development of the times and progress of the time,Finally since we have the Inthernet,we can buy anything at home.
While some people argue that its disadvantageous.Firstly people are grandually relying on the Internet,Secondly young people playing online every day to completely ingore the study.
After a thorough consideration for my part.
It is widely believed that by many people for sometime that experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
One reasonthey think is that practice makes perfect, experience is one of important impacts in successful ways.
The another reason they hold is that, many Chinese bussinessman did not graduated from universty, on the contrary, many university students are working for boss.
This makes me think over.
In this compicated society.
some important education is not the secret of success.
Learning without experience has many disadventages, for example, they are waste many time in the university education.
They can not open their eyes in this society.
For another way, the waried society needsplentiful experienced to reply many changeful thorny issues.
From what has been discussed above, we may come to conclusion that learning with experience is the best way to take up the difficult gauntlet.
We are add our voice to the chorus university students should pay more attention to parcipate in social activities.
In the picture,we can see a man in the computer spread online rumors which just like bomb that make people go fast away who are in the front of computer.
Nowadays,online rumors problem is more and more serious.There are many reasons that has resulted in online rumors.Firstly,the rapidly development of computer Internet techniques is the most important reason.Today,computer has come into every house as well as TV.People can do every thing with computer conveniently.But at the same time,people may make a great variety of rumors for a great variety of reasons conveniently.Secondly,market competition is also a reason of online rumors.Some companies may raise their products' reputation by running down others' products online.Thirdly,what is also important,there're no real name,no responsibility and liberty of words on the Internet.
In my opinion,there're some measures to decrease that.What the most important thing is government should strengthen the laws about online's management and improve people's awareness of self-control and ethics.As long as we all do that well ,I believe the situation will be for the better.
Now there is a hot topic that is should the grouping teaching.
Many people think that group teaching is a good idea because it can cultivate team students spirit,play to each student's strengths,promote the communication among students,make students get on well with each other.
But some people think that to do so for learning good students is not fail,in the long term can make a result good student performance decline,lose their learning enthusiasm and confidence.And everyone has their own point of view for discord between classmates make an antinomy.
In my personal view, I quite agree with this approach, because of the grouping teaching is benefit to the improvement of academic performance, and can improve the affection between the students, let the students in a pleasant environment for better learning, and grouping teaching can promote the emotion between teachers and students, can provide more opportunities for students and teachers talk more.
Is a good method.
Happiness is the feeling of pleasure and satisfaction.It belongs to positive emotions among human feelings .People always make efforts to seek happiness.Some of them take it for granted that more money can bring them more happiness,while some may think that they will be happier if they possess more power.Nevertheless,no one even some famous scholars can definite"happiness" accurately.Actually,happiness decorates our life everywhere if we enjoy our life with passion.
I hold my own view of the definition of happiness.It has no shape,no color and no weight.It's not associated with wealth or welfare.It doesn't mean that the higher position leads to more happiness.There are three main occasions that are filled with happiness,in my opinion.Firstly,family reunion is the most unforgettable moment for us.Once I imagine the scene that all my family members gather together around the table,I can't stop becoming excited and cheerful.It's surely that everyone especially those who work far away from home look forward to this harmonious moment all the time.The second clue to happiness is love.If we had love in our heart, we would have happiness in our life.
Love can be delivered in two ways,one is to love others, and the other is to be loved by others.
We usually find that when we give a hand to others who are in need,the feeling of satisfaction comes to us at the same time.Of course,courage from our parents,help from our friends and care from our lovers all make us happy.The last but not least is the joy of achieving a goal.It's beneficial for us to set goals for study and life during certain periods.Therefore,we can get motivated and encouraged once we make a progress.
Happiness is not so difficult to reach as we imagine.In conclusion,happiness is an optimistic attitude towards the life.
My parents go out to work, I stay at home alone at home.
I play at home and lying on the spfa to eat snacks, I thought at home without parents nagging will be very good, did not think of their own at home will be so boring, I can only lie on the couch to eat snacks, play mobile phons, watching TV, on such a morning so boring.
I have afternoon, Iam bored at home, I have been back to my parents, I am not happy to say a word, mom, you finally came back, I was so happy.
Different countries have different ways of learning,in China mainly teacher give priority to.For chinese students say we can do is to listen to the teacher told the class,finish the homework carefully.Chinese students will not explore not independent thinking, teachers and parents are depend.
On the one hand in this kind of study way down our performance improved,but because we cannot independently accomplish a thing to be unfavorable to the development of our intelligence.
In my opinion,as a student we should be actively can their ways of leering,only rely on others we can not better development.
On a recent evening, my friend and I went to the station by bus.
Bright streetlights were absolutely appalling.
They were casting shadow to lake water, and the sight of bright streetlights appeared.
People walk on the street under streetlights and different facial expression turn up on their faces.
We all like these view.
Last month evening, I came back my home and my father stood under streetlights to wait for me.
This picture rendered me almost cry.
Then my father and I walked to home on foot under them.
Our faces all turn up satisfied facial expression.
But on a recent evening, my friend and I looked these streetlights, and we all felt sad.
Watching them, our heart brimmed over with sadness.
At that time, we all wanted that we can walk on the street under these streetlights together.
I knew that was impossible and these streetlights just compered with our sad mood.
We always have the same feelings that the family members stand by us.
But one day we lost or see off our family members we will feel sad and just watch each other without any words.
Autually,I want to walk on the street under the streetlights with them of my loved.
on the one hand,Some people think the Internet development is beneficial to people's life.Internet shortens the distance betweet people,increase the relatives,friends' exchange.
On the other hand,some people think that adverse Internet developmentment and people'life Many students are addicted to online games,ignore learning.It effects their lives.
As far as I'm concerned,we should correctly understand the Internet.We should use it's good.We use it study,learn more knowledge.
I think a good teacher should have rich in knowledge, and she is strict.
She should like to give students a lot of tests.
I think should also love to talk to student.
When we make a mistake she tend not to be angry.
And when we have trouble she try do best help you.
She should kind and patient, she has favourite students and cares about the students.
She is modest and open-minded.
Her teaching should amusing and interesting and she often tells jokes when she thinks we are getting bored.
she can make her do well in the exam.
This is a good teacher.
As far as I was concerned, everybody may have the experience that we can't sleep well.
And a sleepless night is extremely terrible in that we usually don't know how to solve it.
However, if we know the insomnia well, we may know how to avoid it or cure it.
So we should know what the cause should be, and what the performance should be and what the effect should be.
Generally speaking, insomnia is a common sleep disorder.
People who have insomnia have trouble falling asleep, staying asleep, or both.
As a result, they may get too little sleep or have poor-quality sleep.
They may not feel refreshed when they wake up.
What's more, insomnia can be acute that means a short term or chronic that means a long term.
Acute insomnia is common and it's often brought on by situations such as stress, pressure or trauma.
It usually lasts days or weeks.
While chronic insomnia usually lasts for a month or longer.
It is usually caused by the medical conditions, medicines, sleep disorders, and others.
In addition, the performance of insomnia is an essential aspect which can make us know it well.
Usually, the people who suffer the insomnia have difficulty falling asleep.
And they can't sleep deeply at all.
And the time of sleep decreases.
It's easy for them to dream and wake up.
Once they wake in an early time, they can't fall asleep again.
After sleeping, they still have no energy.
They are sensitive to light and noise in that they are easy to be disturbed in sleeping.
A lot of insomnia people are inclined to have foolish ideas.
Finally, long time of insomnia can result in debilitation and depression.
Insomnia can cause the people feel fatigued, uneasy, and uncomfortable.
And it also can cause people feel listless and react slowly and suffer a headache and can't concentrate on anything.
The biggest influence of it is mental.
Serious point can cause mental division and depression anxiety disorders of plant nerve functional disease, as well as each system disease, such as digestive system and cardiovascular system.
In conclusion, the insomnia is a kind of common disease which affects people's normal life.
And we should pay great attention to it and keep our mood, so we may keep separate from it.
From the figure, not only is the outdoor environmental pollution we, even the indoor environment is serious pollute.
Therefore, we should realize the increasing air pollution is a serious social problem that can not be ignored.
First of all, with all kinds of pollutant emission from human activitie into the atmosphere, which is the main cause of haze problem, it is one of the main reason people cardiopulmonary disease frequent.
Second, resulting in a photochemical smog air pollution, biological and plant growth cause serious harm.
Therefore, the air purifier will have to appear in our daily life.
However, I think we should be rational use of air purifier, air is frequent thought of evolution will be too much fluoride into the atmosphere, cause two pollution.
For this question, I believe almost all the job seeker will worry about and there are some tips that can help.
First of all, according to our own interests and what we are good at.
Whatever difficulties we will meet in the future, we will still have the confidence and motion to overcome it.
So, do a self-assessment first to determine a range in which you are going to find a job, and to make a list according to what you are good at.
Next, collect useful information, not only on the papers but also in the real market.
To go and do some research on the change of market recently will help a lot to adjust the list, which you had made before.
And to determine which job you are tending to do or picking out what company that you are intending to get into.
And then, do a survey about the job itself or the company according to the choice you made.
We should foreknow them, and cannot play when not ready to battle, just like a famous Chinese saying goes, 'The mutant ever victorious' then we can master them in hand.
What's more, I believe that compared to diploma, ability is also an extremely important condition in the process of finding an ideal job.
For instance, the position of a teacher.
What is one part of applying for a teacher to give a lesson to students first.
Therefore, ability is needed at such a situation, and so forth.
If you don't have the ability, you can't even go on, not to speak of teaching.
So, we can see that we need the real ability in finding a job.
Last but not least, make an impressive resume.
An impressive resume plays a crucial role when you go in to find a job.
If you have decided and make sure which company to enter in, you'd better to prepare a good resume to this company when you are going to be interviewed.
All above are some useful tips to find an ideal job.
As long as we do the preparations like that, we will not be away from an ideal job.
As we know,our lifestyle has changed a lot in the recent yeas.
Our life become more and more comfortable and convenient.
First,in the past years,we always wrote letters,but now,we can chat with our friends and talk on the phone,send emails and so on,we make a lot of firends.Second,we want to go to a far place,we always think it so far so that we should give up the thing,don't worry,nowadays,we have a convenient traffic,for example,airplane,light rail.Next,we have a variety of entertainment,when we feel tired,we can go shopping and sing songs,play games so that we can relax.Last,there are kinds of delicious foods,an increasingly people become more fat .
In a word,we have a colorful word,we get more convenient.
With the development of our state and improvement of our lives.
There is a serious problem which is shortage of power supply cause different difficulties to us.
Recently years, we are in the peak period of electricity.
Owing to this, many cities of our state can't be supplied enough to maintain a normal life.
As far as I am concerned, owing to people destroyed a lot cause those problems and so on.
We should manage ourselves to solve the electricity, such as, when our class or room is empty, we should turn off the power, besides, we should bring the growth of population under control.
Words can not convey how lucky we are to live in our city, everybody should contribute a little to it, our country will more and more beautiful.
English online.
oral English.What is more , it offer new ways of seeing things to us and imporove our English.
more fluent as long as we work hard .It was well worth the effort.
It is universally acknowledged that beauty can often receive priority in most aspects.So many people consider it as an conspicuous evidence which proves that good appearance is more important than capacity.
However,provided we think over this phenomenon,we will know it comes with sloppy.
As we all know,employers need those who can profit them.The most universal way is to find a person with capability so that he can finish the job properly and efficiently.
Take away few job like model,the indispensable element to get over the work is capacity,for instance,the capability of thinking, writing,communicating.
Only equipped with capacity can we lead ourselves beautiful lives and gain success in our career.
However,capability can not be pierced in short time just like in the interview.
What can the interviewer do in finding whether you equip the element they need or not is infering from your resume, behavior and appearance.
Good appearance can formed by not only your gene but also your behavior in managering yourelf.
It is always ignored by so many people.Thus,they lose their offer since their sloppy appearance.
To summarize,capability is more important than good appearance in working.The real capable people are those who equipped with capability and applied it to making good appearance.
Gilbert Highet(June 22,1906-January 20,1978)was a Scottish-American classicist,academic,writer,intellectual,critical and literary historian.He is best known as a mid-20th-century teacher of the humanities in the United States.Gilbert Highet devoted most of his energy to teaching,but he also aspired to raise the level of mass culture and radio program,acting as a judge for the Book-of-the-Month Club,and serving on the editorial board of Horizon magazine.
As most schools are set up today,learning is compulsory.For too many of us,learning appears to be a surrender of our own will to external direction,a sort of enslavement.
This is a mistake.Learning is a natural pleasure,inborn and instinctive,one of the essential pleasures of the human race.But if the pleasure of learning is universal,why are there so many dull,incurious people in the world?It is because they were made dull,by bad teaching,by isolation,by surrender to routine,sometimes,too,by the pressure of hard work and poverty,or by the toxin of riches,with all their ephemeral and trivial delights.With luck,resolution and guidance,however,the human mind can survive not only poverty but even wealth.This pleasure is not confined to learning from textbooks,which are too often tedious.But it does include learning from books.But,far beyond books,learning means keeping the mind open and active to receive all kinds of experiences.Learning also means learning to practice,or at least to appreciate an art.No learner has ever run short of subjects to explore.The pleasures of learning are indeed pleasures.In fact,the word should be changed.The true name is happiness.You can live longest and best and most rewardingly by attaining and preserving the happiness of learning.
After reading this passage,I have a deeper understanding about learning.Learning is a natural pleasure,inborn and instinctive,one of the essential pleasure of the human race.Much unhappiness has been suffered by those people who have never recognized that it is as necessary to make themselves into whole and harmonious personalities as to keep themselves clean,healthy and financially solvent.The pleasures of learning are indeed pleasures.
According to a questionnaire on 'ways of obtaining information', about 72 percent people obtain information by watching TV, but only 12 percent by reading newspaper to understand affairs.
As far as I am concerned, newspaper is more acceptable.
There are three reasons can be used as follows: first, reading newspaper in need of using our brain so that it is active in extending our knowledge.
In my opinion, the more you read the more you know.
Second, reading newspaper is not limited by time.
It is said that time is money, so save time is as good as save money.
Last, newspaper has more depth than TV news.
What's more, watching too much TV may do harm to our eyesight.
So newspaper is a better choice for us.
Recently, it has a phenomenon that many students are not much confident when they make a speech in class.
Some students are too excited to espresso themselves, not only their sound is exceedingly low, but also they do not dare face with other students and stand on stage to show bravely.
This serious problem warns our educational constitution, has taken place around us.
Why student resists to making a speech in our class which should be filled with happiness and freedom.
From my point of the view, main reason is self-confidence which they lost.
First of all, you should value yourself.
Every morning, dressing up yourself in front of the mirror is a significant to us.
That is to say we can change more beautiful and confident, when we go out of our house, you will have an easy communication with other people.
If you meet your friends, you will easily greet them and accept a beautiful mood.
Smile is the best reward for confident people.
Second, you can try to keep a grateful heart to contact everybody, especially your close friends, you will find that the people, who around you the whole day will be very friendly.
Naturally you will be happy to talk with them and play with each other, Although we must refuse inferiority feeling, we must defeat ourselves.
Third, if we have the courage to solve difficulties, they are not horrible things anymore.
When you meet some difficulties, we had better solve it by ourselves, and it is the most important method.
Trusting, which is the most graceful story in the world.
The article is about American venture capital and private equity firms' investment experience in Europe.
American venture capital and private equity firms have tried to expand their territory to Europe, a promising market where entrepreneurship is widespread, tolerance for risk is increasing.
American firms take into account the local culture and habit, and explore the European market from London.
Their investment activities in Europe have been active though different firms invest in different sectors with different style.
However, their experience in Europe can be mixed and it is not wise to rush to close deals or exit the market for quick money.
Their European counterparts have their own advantage such as enough money, contact web and deep understanding of local things.
Therefore, to survive and develop their strength, American firms have to fill the gap such as young companies in high growth sectors.
Obstacle remains to be removed to make Europe a better place to invest in, like regional differences which prevent Europe companies to have a role model to follow to be international.
Generally, the Europe market is optimistic with forthcoming deregulation, the challenge lies in blending Silycon Valley style investing into the local culture.
There is no doubt that more and more beutiful girls spewing out,they may be natural beauty or Artificial beauty,at all events,they are in good appearance.But the interesting thing is that we all know that a lot of pretty girls have found a better job than the general people though their capabilities can not compare with the general people.So,can we draw a conclusion that good appearance is more important than capability?The answer is "No"!
As we all know,Beijing Film Academy is the best art academy in China,there always have many girls who are in good appearance come to Beijing to have a interview.Although the good appearance is the premise condition,the academy will not accept the girl who have good appearance but without any ability.We can find that there are a quantity of movie stars and singers famous by their hard-working but not by their appearance.Maybe a girl in good appearance can catch the eyes of some employers,but it surely can not be a permanent arrangement,a company will not need the people who do not have any capability that can not create value for campany.
The article describes the unemployment and trade deficit situation of the recent decades in the United States.
By giving some examples and figures the article successfully illustrates the relationship between unemployment and trade defict and finds that it is long-term trade deficit and manufacturing downturn that have resulted in serious problem of unemployment in USA.
Then the article followed by the introduction of the reason for the U.S. trade deficit and long-term downturn in manufacturing.
To sum up, the prolonged recession in american manufacturing ascribes to the model shifting from labor-intensive to capital-intensive one.
When it comes to whether cloning has any benefits,there is no agreement among people.Some people are in favor of cloning while some others think it should be banned.In all.the technology has caused substantial impact on the current society.
People who think cloning has benefits point out that cloning not only can be used for infertility,but also offers a promising future in medical treatment.Moreover,with the development of science,this technology will be used more and more widely.Everything has it's two sides.However,some others think,up to now we have not had enough experience,the success rate of animal cloning is low.Furthermore,it also has some moral problems.An example can give the details of this argument:while cloning is used for infertility,would it be morally wrong to clone a mother to create e a baby?Perhaps,it is the mother's choice and not society's.
There is some truth in both arguments.But I think the advantages of cloning overweigh the disadvantages.And what I want to stress,we should be confident with cloning and focus on the positive aspects of this technology.
Today,Lisa came my home.She is my friend who is from America.This is her fist trip in China.so I took her to some places near my home.
We walked to the Huaguo mountain.This is an active center for all the people in city.There are many mountains and monkeys.The waterfall is very beautiful.It is like a natural playground.It will quickly follow going to the Fossil Museum,because my hometown is a place rich in fossils.There are lots of fossils,type such as a bird,a dinosaur ect.
We were tired and hungry.So we decided to go home.However,there are many places where we didn't get.I believe we will have an opportunity to go sightseeing.
Learn to be a social person.
Before reading the speech material delivered at the opening convocation of Stanford University, I have had thought a lot about how to be a socially useful person.
The speech make me contemplate more.
To contribute to the relationship between countries, we must take the responsibility of communicating with students with different nationality, culture or beliefs.
If we know each other well, we may find more common interests between us and cooperate.
What we can get from the university play an important role when we step into the world outside campuses.
What you will be depend on your ability you can get when at university.
So, to be a successful social man, we should grasp the opportunity of studying and living at university.
Plants and animals are both living things.
In other words, they have in common the fact that they have a life cycle, participate in the metabolism of nature and need to breed to produce offspring to ensure the survival of the species.
However, there are a lot of differences between them.
Animals can go anywhere they want to, but plants can not, they can only stay one place forever.
In addition, plants have no capacity of thinking, while animals have the ability of thinking.
Besides, from the cellular structure, a zooblast has neither cell wall nor vacuole; nevertheless, a vegetal cell has both of them.
And the major difference between them is that the majority of plants have chloroplasts, with which plants can proceed with photosynthesis and create organism.
Therefore, plants belong to autotroph.
But animals do not have this ability.
To obtain energy, they must utilize ready-made organism directly, so they belong to heterotroph.
In this morning,there is a dangerous situation in a cross road.it is obvious that the traffic accident is very serious.we should pay more attention to this accident.It can give us some guidance when we drive in the road.
In that day,the weather is not well,having a rain in the sky.A car drive on the way as usual.the driver drive the car very fast.The road with the rain is so slippery.Maybe the drivers have no sense about the safe,and they don not notice the symbols of sign.the drivers control the car with absent-mindedness.The road sign is in front of the cross-road.When the car cross over the road,suddenly,a shocked sound can be heard from the car.The accident is so serious,in front of it ,,the appearance of the car have been broken.The light in front of the car is ruined,but the window of the car is well.And the gates of the car is well.Some people around the road have an eye-witness account of a traffic accident.
instead of driving fast,we can have a slowly drive when we are in a bad weather.
All the mentioned above indicate that the way of driving in this picture is improperly.We should notice the thing that is invisible.We should keep mind clearly when we drive on the road especial in the bed weather.Remember do not drunk driving in the road.It is easy happen the traffic accident when we are drunk.When the weather is bad,it is necessary for us to drive the car slowly.I also have the suggestion for the sign.It should be set up in the visible side that we can see the symbol more easily.
Only in this way can we drive the car safer.If we pay more attention to the way of diving ,it can contribute to our country that the traffic accident get changed.The traffic accident can bring us bad disaster,so you should remember the notice of the way.It is important for us to drive the car rightly.
How time flies.Now I am a senior high school student.On the first day of high school life i was impressed with my headteacher-my math teacher.
she is very friendly and kind.
And she is also strict in her work and is strict with us.At the beginning of high school i fletl very lonely because of the stranger environment , new claasmates and new teachers.On Those days i even did't say any words .after she knew that ,she had a talk with me .she encouraged me a lot .she is also an enthusiastic and energetic woman.her class is very interesting.her teaching method is nothing like that of my middle school' teacher .and she is also very knowledgeable so many of my classmates are respect her.
In the end,i want to say i appreciate her help.because of her ,now i'm full of confidence to face the difficulties.she is the best teacher in my heart.
How is everything going with you?The English speech contest is coming.We would like to invite you to be the judge of this contest.As we all know,you are from England and you are very famous in speech.So we think no one is more suitable than you.That is why we invite you to attend this contest.
The English speech contest will be held in the school hall at nine o'clock,Firday morning,May the third.
We are looking forward to your attendance.Please inform us in advance whether you could attend or not.
Best wishes.
Our lives need listeners.
Listening is a way to show respect because you try to appreciate others.
You can promote a better understanding.
And so you do, you will build good relations, too.
Everyone needs to be a listener.
For parents, when their children are growing up, listening from their child can help parents aware of them.
It can also solve the problems between them.
Listening is also important for teachers.
The students may have a lot of problems after classes, some of them are shy to ask their teachers again.
This is awful.
Teachers should learn to listen and meet their students' needs.
Listening between students is simple.
We can listen and help each other.
From listening and talking together, we can even be good friends.
Maybe you don't know how to listen.
First, be quite.
No one wants to be interrupted when he is sharing his ideas.
And then, tell him some of your opinions.
He will be happy to take your advice after your listening carefully.
Be a good listener.
listen to people around you.
So you do, you are listening to the world.
Our company will organize foreign language training for our staff, because we are the foreign company, the language is important and useful for us.
Therefore, we require the new staff must attend the courses.
The courses will start from next Monday.
I hope you prepare in advance.
With the development of technology, many cities all over the world are facing increased pollution problem.
The problem of air pollution, which becomes more and more terrible, attracts people's attention.
To stop global warming we should make immediate and efficient efforts.
When it comes to air pollution, different people have different ideas.
As far as I'm concerned, we should take public transportation as much as possible.
Firstly, the public transportation reduces a traffic congestion problem that could easily have become overwhelming.
A majority of people who go to work and go to school will get the destination on time.
They can also save fares by taking public transportation on the journey.
Secondly, the decrease of private cars will help us to save energies, which have lacked in the world.
And some energies may also lead to air pollution, so we need to decrease the use of them.
Last but not least, public transportation will make a contribution to the reduction of greenhouse-gas emissions.
There is no doubt that the air pollution will get improved.
In short, taking more public transportation and fewer private cars is a vital importance of the way to deal with the problem of air pollution in cities.
We should do everything in our power to improve our own world.
I am extremely sorry to tell you that I am unable to go to your party this Sunday.
Becuase the first reason is that my grandmother caught a cold this morning, I will not leave her during those days until she is recovered.
And the second reason is that I will take a TOEFL test after two weeks.
So I need these two weeks to do the modle test of TOEFL.
I mean to do the TPO.
So you see, could we put off the party after I finish my TOEFL test, I will get an amazingly grade for you.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
If there is no passion for life, your life will be in black and white, however everyone has passions for their life, so do I.
There are three passions in my life make me optimistic to life:the love for the family, the love to singing and I want to a dessert shop belong to my own one day.
I love my family, because I know no matter what kind of person you are, no matter what you do, no matter how you have been hurt from the outside, family will always be on your side, and the door will open for you forever.
I love to singing since I was a child, even if I did not make singing as a goal in the future, my passion for singing will never decrease, it has become a part of my life.
My biggest passion is dessert shop.
To have a dessert shop in the future is my dream.
I like a great variety of desserts, because it can make people in a good mood.
Imagine a sunshine, dessert and a book in the afternoon, how comfortable it is.
Then find out your passions, pursuit of passions you have lived for.
Spend your every day meaningful.
With the development of technology,in today's society,computer is considered as an absolutely necessary tool to our human beings.We can acquire a large amount of knowledge by using computer to surf the Internet.At the meantime,we can receive various courses on line by distance learning.However,no matter how convenient the computer is,it is impossible for it to replace human teacher.
To begin with,it is important for students to communicate with teachers.Teachers can not only help students solve their problems but also educate them many other aspects in their life.The purpose of education is being a useful person while getting knowledge.When students educated by teachers,they can learn many useful values to be a useful person.Secondly,a classroom-based education circumstance is certainly important.It can provide an academic way about thinking of problems.They will meet different students from variety of backgrounds to share their opinions toward the same issue,from which they will learn other people's advantage and realize their own shortcoming.Finally,everyone has his own characteristics.Teachers can guide students to develop their own characteristics by teach them in different ways,which computers can't replace.
In brief,computers won't replace human teachers forever.What we really need is a lively learning circumstance instead of a tool to study.The role of teacher is so important that no machine can replace the human interaction and its consequences.
Nowadays, online education has become more and more popular.
I think there are at least there reasons for this trend.
Firstly, it is because the necessary hardwares, such as computers and Internet, have been improved greatly, so more students can get the online education very conveniently, even at homes.
Secondly, the development in technology also contributes to the online education, such as the network technology, multimedia technology.
Another reason maybe is the cost.
Generally, students learning by Internet spend less money comparing with traditional classroom education.
Based on my experiences of online education, I think it is a good way of education, even can surpass traditional education in the future.
Hello,everyone.My name is L.Today,I'll talk you with my favourite festival.My favourite festival is Mother's Day.So,why do I like it?
Firstly,in many western festivals,Mother's Day is most warmth and make sense.Secondly,I prefer Mother's Day because it can let us experience the affection and the affection of the mother.Thirdly,we can be grateful to her mother,return her love.
It is obvious that we all love our mother,so I am looking forward to Chinese mother's Day.And set it as a statutory holiday.like this,we can let all people love her.
Nowadays ,the university campus are becoming golden places to tourists,especially famous university campus such as Tsing Hua University and Peking University .
It has been shown on TV and on the radio that every year thousands and thousands of middle school students visit them.
When it comes to the university campus should be open to tourists or not ,mang people have different own views.
Some people are in favor of the idea of opening it to the public.
They believe that the atmosphere of famous universities can motivate student visitors to seek more knowledge and they can have enough time and opportunity to prepare themselves with the chance to get into the university.
They also argue that as more tourists come to visit, these universities can make themselves known to more people.
Others hold a negative view about this phenomenon.
If many people visitit ,not only disturbour study and life,but also pollute our environment, May be our rules doesn 't work normally.
But as for me, There is some truth in both arguments.
But I think the advantages of opening them outweigh the disadvantages.
In my opinion, university campuses should be open to tourists.
With the development of society, the merchandise excessive packaging already get average.
People excessive packaging to make theirs merchandises get more beauty.
they can make more money.
However,beauty is only skindeep.
Don't fan the sun with peacock's feather.
eyes.
Now,merchant packaging theirs to make customer buy theirs merchandises.
Merchandises look is very good,but quality of a material is very bad.
makes the man,but I think we can't excessive packaging merchant.
returns honesty is the best policy, So, we should stop excessive packaging.
TV addiction turns otherwise viable people into spiritual couch potatoes just as efficiently as pot addiction does.
Sit down with the viewing guide and pick out the shows you want to watch that week.
Watch only those shows, and when they're over, turn the TV off.
In other words, don't just turn it on and go surfing for something worthwhile.
Hours are quickly wasted, switching from one show to the next, watching all and none at the same time.
Also make a decision not to use the television as background noise.
Go for a walk, ride a bike, or get some other kind of healthy physical activity for at least an hour before you can turn on the tube.
Often we can be strangely drawn into watching things we've seen many times before.
There's something comforting in the repetition.
Well, resist it.
It was TV Critic Michael Arlen who said that television connects viewers to nothing except the assumption of being connected to something.
Subject:Analyzing the annual sales and asking for remedy.
I feel it is my honor to make a presentation at the annual sales meeting ,and I have make an analysis about our company's annual sales.
* From the bar graph we can see that the EBITDA, pre-tax income,pre-tax income margin,has increased gradually .
* From the pie graph we can see that the gross profit margin ,the expense -to revenue ratio,decrease very fast.
*From the line graph we know that the sales from 2011 to 2012 have a remarkable increase,however,one of our VIP clients is not satisfied with us, because no one at that address accepts the shipment .
I hope we can give him a remedy , or it will affect the sales next year.
A week ago, we sent a second shipment of 100 pieces of laptops.
But no one at that address accepted the shipment.
Mr. Kolin wrote me to claim a remedy for the late shipment, they cannot finish the work on time.
Mr. Kolin has kept cooperating with us for years and brought us a large profit.
Next year he will also largely affect the sales.
If he keeps working with us, we will get a large profit greater than $1, 000.
Many thanks.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.After ten years I want to be a botanist researcher.Because the plant is my favorite, the most interesting thing.I hope that after ten years, I can achieve my desire now.I might play badminton in my spare time.Travel around, to look at the plants and scenery around.In that time I might have married and have my own child.I think our life must be very happy.
Have you been to the European country which's your favourite?My favourite country is Sweden.Now let me introduce something about Sweden to you.
Sweden is a developed country.It's located in the middle of the Europe.It covers an area of forty-one thousand square kilometers.It has a population of seven million and five hundred thousand.Berne is the capital of Sweden but the most famous city in Sweden is Geneva.
Sweden is close to Austria,France,Germany and Italy.So I think Swedish can go to these countries easily.
Sweden has very beautiful scenery and is called "World Garden".
Sweden is rich because its chemical industry and food industry prosperous.And watch made from Sweden is very popular.
I love Sweden.I hope I can go there one day.
Life is a lifelong career.Have you ever considered the changes that taking place and will take place in your life?With the world changing so fast,you need to play an important role of your life.It depends on how you lead your life.
Life is a mirror,you smile to it,and it smile to you.But you hate it,your life will be terrible.We are gaining something,or losing something everyday.We are all in the position of the farmer.If we plant a good seed,we reap a good harvest.If our seed is poor and full of weeds,we reap a useless crop.Life is the greatest teacher.It tell us to do full of preparation.
If you just want the luck all the time.Life tell you that is not possible.You can imagine a man who did not do anything and stayed at home.He said he want to be a true man.Who believe?It is a time when we should think aboutour life.Time is eaqual to everybody.We need to rich our mind and open our eys.
Our future is leaded by us.And life-the greatest teacher will make you change a lot.Better or worse.
As we all know,everyone has different opinions about how to enhance themselves the sense of happiness.Some people hold the idea that the sense of happiness only include the aspect of matter.Maybe ,it is shallow about this kind of opinion,but opinions are vary from person to person.however,others think that the sense of happiness not only include the aspect of matter ,but also include the ascept spirit.People desire to do something if they are in a good mood.what's more,it maybe need a great environment ,a high income,a relaxing job and so on.
In my opinion,happiness is all around us.It is important for me to promote the aspect of spirit.
The Dream House was organized by some kind volunteers which is more and more popular in our community.First of all,the volunteers can take care of the students who was no one attended because of their busy parents.And there are delicious meals on time for the students.However,the volunteers also can assist the students to finish their hard homework.It's important parts that the volunteers will organize some meaningful activities for the students.
Hero is generally thought to be a big word.
Usually people would think of heroes as people who fight crime in movies or comic books, but those people rarely exist in the real world.
I think hero can be everyone that can change the world.
In our world, anybody can be a hero like police officers, firefighters,teachers, doctors, or people you walk by on the streets.
A hero doesn't always fight crime or always have an opposition.
They don't even have to work with people; they could be designing a product that helps many people.
They help people.
An example of a hero that doesn't have an opposition would be helping someone else.
Someone could be struggling with their schoolwork.
Another person can notice that and help them understand the work.
That person could be called a hero because another person is having an easier time with their work.
An example of a hero that doesn't necessarily work with people could be people who invent things.
The person that invented the wheelchair is a hero because he has helped millions of people in the world.
Without the wheelchair people who cannot walk would not be able to move around as easily.
This person is a hero to people all around the world.
A hero could be anyone who can change the world for the better.
It could be simple like helping one person out or by helping millions.
If life has no purpose, it's not life at all.
Sincerely, I regard the words as a reminder that the future can be anything we intend to make it.
We can take the mysterious, haze future and carve out of it anything that you can conceive of, just as a sculptor carves a statue from a rough stone.
And purpose is the original energy and final destination on the way of striving for our life.
"If you had three or more days to see-" Impressed by the words, I remind of the famous person Helen Keller who was disabled and normal but became wildly well-known.
Absolutely, lucky girl as Helen was, she got acquainted with a tender and patient teacher Mrs. Anne Sullivan Macy who stood firm in the face of difficulties and accomplished the tough task of Helen's education.
Bathed in love and care, hardly did Helen give up herself and was determined to study and publish many famous books.
Not only did Helen become excellent, but also she began to support other disabled people by transmitting her care and knowledge.
Obviously, purpose is changeable when you achieve what you desire to do and carry on.
There is no doubt that there are endless difficulties in the way of achieving your purpose.
Meanwhile,essential as it is, we should equip with high qualities such as perseverance and bravery with which the disabled people become more adorable and respectful.
Some people don't have an exact purpose,who are just like plants grown in the garden that are alive but have no mind and spirit.
Most people give up before getting up their purpose, frequently right before the finish line.
We must be in the arena to compete.
Strive for our purpose and devote our life to meaningful actions and true feelings.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
It's to celebrate the lunar calendar 's new year.
In the evening before the Spring Festival,families get together and have a big meal.
Dumplings are the most traditional food.
Besides eating, young people visit older family members and kids are blessed with a red pack of "lucky" money.
People put couplets on the wall for good fortune.
And then,at 12 o'clock,every family sets off firecaker which are used to symbolize of the new year.
People visit relatives and friends with the words "Have all your wishes ".
The lively atmosphere not only fills every household, but permeates to streets and lanes.
A series of activities such as lion dancing, dragon lantern dancing, lantern festivals and temple fairs will be held for days.
The Spring Festival then comes to an end when the Lantern Festival is finished.
People enjoy the Spring Festival ,during this time they can have a good rest.
Today,every university offers a variety of elective courses.It can make students learn more knowledge,and also can enrich students' spare life.Elective courses covers many subjects outside the professional.For example,music,dance,college chinese and psychology.etc.Students can chose elective courses according to their own interests and hobbies,or other reasons.
Now,I have entered the university the second grade,and I have choosed electives several days ago.I chooosed two coerses.The one is College Students' Psychological Health,the other is Chinese and foreign Classic film songs appreciation.Because I have interests in psychology,I choose a kind of psychology course.In addition,I like listening ang singing music,so I choose the music appreciation.In fact,electives are stutents' hobbies.When students choose electives,they can follow their feelings.If you do like this,It will produce good results.I choosed electives carefully,because I want to learn something I have interests in.
In a word,students should choose elective courses according to their own interests and hobbies.
Rerently,a foreign friend of mine is coming to vist China .I feel very nice to be a guide .I will take him to see what is the most instresting place.First of all ,i will take him to see the great wall ,because many people know it all over the world .the great wall represent a culture of China .we are proud of it.we are not understand it how to finish until today.so that it is very wonderful and mysterious.the second i will take him to see the summer palace duo to it is home of emperor .IT represent a lifestyle of emperor.IT is very beautiful and admireable.IT also represent a culture of China is very wonderful.finally i hope a friend of mine can be instresting to those place.I will be very nice with him to talk about the culture of China.
increasing.The situation of energy we have to confront become worse and worse.So we must be up against it and try to rescue it.Because we really dread to think what will become of us if one day we live without energy.
There are several opinions aboout how to solve energy problem.
one day.
As far as I am concerned,its our obligation to save energy,meanwhile,the government should exploit new energy to solve the energy problem.Altogether,it is a movement that needs everyone's participation.
We are often faced with different kinds of crises in our daily life.When we are confronting crises,what shall we do?Different people have the different response.In my opinion,we should believe ourselves and do our best to solve the crises.
The crisis is to our life what the illness is to our body.Some huge diseases may destroy our body,even end our lives,but what's more,we can overcome diseases.The crises are mostly easy to be overcome if we handle them properly.
As students,we may be faced with a lot of crises.Sometimes,we cannot finish our homework on time,or sometimes,we cannot solve the difficult problems,or sometimes,we cannot promote our friendships properly.
At that time,we may feel worried about how to solve all these crises.Shall we ask for help?Or we should give up?Or we ought to hold on until we finish it.
If you ask me,I must say I will hold on until I solve the crises.I will believe that I can address the crises.When I was in my secondary school,my Chinese teacher told me that no matter what kind of difficulty I am confronting,I should believe myself and smile.After that,when I'm faced with any crises,I would adjust my mental attitude and I talk to myself,which gives me confidence to hold on.
How should we deal with the crises?Some people say 'the only thing we can do in the face of a recession is to let it run its course and do nothing'.Clearly,it's wrong!If we do nothing,we must be losers and we will never have the sense of victory.But if we try to beat it,we will have 50 percent of hope to be successful and we will be winners.
It seems to me that we should not be afraid of confronting the crises.Crises sometimes contributes to our life in a way that few can imagine.It can make us strong enough to face ourselves when we feel weak.At first,we must calm down and encourage ourselves.Then,just do it!At last,we should take the lessons from the crises and regard them as a chance for the new growth.
The 2014 World Cup hold in Brazilian,It is a grand play for all the soccer fans all over the world.My favorite team is the Germany Team.And my favorite soccer soccer star is OZEIL.
Brazil's 2014 FIFA World Cup mascot,a blue and yellow armadillo,"Fuleco",a word which organizers say transmits a message of environmental awareness.
Founded in 1930 with just 13 teams,the tournament now attracts from more than 140 countries and 32 teams can play World Cup.The World Cup is hold every 4 years,but the qualifying rounds of the competition take place over a three-year period.
When the match begins,I hope I can watch it.But if I am busy study the I will not watch.Because study is always the first priority.
I hope the Chinese Team can do well in the 2018 World Cup.Because China has never win a World Cup before.I hope will change,then our Chinese can watch the matches without going abroad.
Maybe one day my dream can be true.
The video shows us a mother and his children.
The boy who is incapacitate and his IQ only 75.
At the beginning, the boy's shoes with braces on his legs.
At this moment, passers-by have been staring at them as if they are peculiar people.
Then they went to school for forrest got a study qualification at local school.
On the way , his mother continuously told to forrest do not felt that he is no different than anybody else is.
The headmaster took a table for his mother , the table shows can him go to school the IQ's minimum is 80.
Nevertheless, this time forrest is no feeling of what the headmaster said and just sitting on the stool outside, swimming his leg.
I have seen the film FORREST GUMP, so I know the plot that the teacher shows to us.
Although forrest's intelligence is low innately, the efforts of the day after tomorrow is quite important, he created the miracle in life for himself.
Forrest is a unlucky guy whose IQ is below 80 points.
But he has a great mother who never give up.
He is not afraid of any difficulties in life, he spares no efforts to living his life.
At last, his dream comes true .
We are ordinary person, but we can not say anybody that we are good than the incapacitate.
Even if we are healthy people, it is a pity for us that we have no pay absolutely efforts .
Life is full of miracles, always believe that you can work wonders if you do not give up.
In the end, you can reap a wonderful life.
Tom and Sam are good friends.They have a lot in common.But they are quite different from each other.
For example Sam is taller than Tom.But Tom is thinner than Sam.In the aspect of personality,Sam is funnier than Tom.But Tom is more friendly than Sam.And they both like sports.Tom is better at running than Sam.So Tom often wins.And they both get up early every day.Tom thinks Sam is as hard-working as him,though Sam is more hard-working than Tom.
Each one has his good points.Between friends will complement each other.
After three weeks of school,I have more feeling about my teachers.Now let me intrduse them for you.
Mrs Wang is our Chinese teacher.
My first impression of her is strict.But to my surised,she is very kind and energtic.She usually wave her hands when she feel excited.I don't think I will be bored in her class!But sometimes,she feeels angry with our homework.,because our always make some stupid mistakes.
The teacher is my first know is Mrs Bai.She is our math teacher, but also is our classleader.She is very kind and panitent.But when she serious,nobody dare to say a word unless she asks us to.Most of our class really appreciate her because her teaching is so well organised and clear.We all like her very much.I think I 'll do well in the exam with Mrs Bai teaching me.
We lived in a world of globalization today, which is in fact ruled by western culture, from movies to music, nearly the whole culture industry, even in the aspect of people's, especially young generations', merit.
This may result in the extinction of many private cultures and Chinese traditional culture will be one of them if we take it for granted.
When a traditional festival, for example, the Moon Festival, arrives, people enjoy moon cakes and the round moon, but they hardly admire the beauty of the festival itself, which represents the reunion and contains so many poets' homesickness in the Chinese history.
When people travel to some palaces, for instance, they pose for cameras, listen to the guide's introduction absently and finally may draw the conclusion that those palaces just look the same.
In my opinion, those measures that only preserve symbols of traditional culture is helpful but far not enough, it is to preserve the culture itself that is more significant.
To preserve our traditional culture, one essential thing is to cope with the prejudice among some Chinese that western countries are more developed in that western cultures are more advanced.
As far as I'm concerned, cultures are like personalities.
Different people have different personalities, every one of which are complex and have their advantages and disadvantages and so do cultures.
We need to make those people appreciate something.
Like every culture, our traditional culture does have flaws and these flaws probably influenced our country's development hundreds years ago.
Nevertheless we can't deny that Chinese traditional culture has its advantages and our traditional culture is where our nation's spirit and root exist.
To preserve Chinese traditional culture, we Chinese should love our traditional culture and be proud of our traditional culture.
Until bit by bit, the Moon Festival is not only about moon cakes.
And with the economic development of our country, our traditional culture will not only survive but also be accepted and adored by many countries in this hybrid world.
Different people may have different views about the way of how to enhance our sense of happiness.For dancers,to dance is the way;For kids, to play is the way ;For winners,to win is the way;For the students ,to get a better grands is the way...These happiness can be material ,also can be spiritual.
In my opinian,realizing our dreams is the key to enhance our sense of happiness.
Because when our dreams come ture, we may feel very happily.So the first step of enhancing our sense of happiness is finding our dreams and realizing it.
Of course, as a medicinal student ,I think health is the precondition to enhance it .we must have health,and we get the sense of happiness.
In a word,I think materials,such as ,much money, connot equal happiness.
In order to enhance our sense of happiness,we must enrich our knowledges and get a heaithy body to realize our dreams.Let us do it !
The problem of Diaoyu Island is focused on by HongKong and Macao compatriots,TaiWan compatriots and overseas Chinese in the long term.It is all Chinese people's common position that Diaoyu Island is China's inherent territory from ancient to now.China is determined to protect state sovereignty and territorial integrity firmly.The compatriots on both sides are consistent when we preserve national interest and dignity safeguard.HongKong,Macao and Taiwan compatriots and overseas Chinese at home and abroad organize activities in all sorts to preserve Diaoyu Island's territorial sovereignty and express Chinese people's justice position.Their behaviours show peace loving Chinese nation and our mind of preserving state sovereignty and territorial integrity to people all around the world.
Tonight,my father and my mother went out and I was at home alone.
Firstly,I was excited and frightened,because this was the first time I was at home alone.
I turned on all the lights.
Then I opened the TV and watched my favorite program.
Suddenly I heard someone knock at the door,I was very scared.
I asked.
"I am your neighbour.
I said loudly.
Then I heard laughter so I opened the door.
Then I find my father and mother right there.
From then I become more brave.
Thank you my dear father and mother.
There is always a hot topic that which is the way to success.
As Edison said, success is 99 percent perspiration and 1 percent inspiration.
I can't agree with more.
English learning is a hard work and it was also a kind of success that passing the CET 6.
It is obvious that learning English is a boring thing.
The four basic skills in English including listening, speaking, reading and writing are necessary, and using these skills flexibly are hard things.
First, I think I do not need a marvelous number of exercises, like learning science courses, when learning English.
So I only learn vocabulary and do a little exercise.
Gradually, I only memorize the words but can't use it easily.
Also, I discover that passing CET 6 smoothly is not a so simple thing.
If I just do these things, I can't pass it.
I realized that I should be diligent.
It is true that diligence is the base for learning English.
As one old saying said, thousands of miles begin with one step.
The accumulation of vocabulary or the use of grammar is needed spirit of diligence.
I start to spend all my spare time learning words because I carry a pocket book of vocabulary lists.
Meanwhile, I learn grammars by doing lots of training.
Later, I discover my English skill is improved.
In the process of learning, persistence is as the same crucial as diligence.
The difficulty of learning English is persistence rather than itself.
I, like most of person, am enthusiastic about learning at the start.
With the time going, I can't keep high enthusiastic and sufficient patience.
I realize it and make a decision that I would spent two hours learning English.
In these two hours, a half is used to learn new words, another is used to do reading comprehension.
However I am very busy, I persist in doing it.
Also, I invite a peer to supervise me.
One day, I was extremely tired because of my huge assignment.
He made me persist in learning when I plan to give up learning.
There are many of knacks in learning English, while there is no shortcut.
I gradually master some scientific and efficient technique.
When I study a new word, I don't only focus on its pronunciation, spelling, and basic meaning, but also understand its fixed usage, emotion and related words.
In this way, I make great progress in it.
When I did reading comprehension, I summarized high-frequency words and practical tips to do it efficiently.
As one saying goes, more effect with less work.
As a result, my English skills are improved and I passed the CET6 successfully.
In my point of view, we should be diligent, be persistent and be tactful when we want to be successful.
However the thing is simple, there must be some difficulties.
Only we are sufficiently diligent and persistent, we could succeed.
As long as we pay out our effort, we must receive a satisfied result.
When I was a little boy, the hours that I spent on reading knight-errant novels were happiest of my childhood.
And I always dreamed that I can be one of heroes.
Now, after learning Diogennese and Alexander I often think which kind of personality of humankind we are.
I would like to separate the human into three kinds.
The first one just likes Alexander, in the novels they are the great master, they have pretty background and they always born with great gifts, they are always attracted most attention, just like they stand on the top of the pyramid, they could overlook the others, but they never conceited and self-satisfied, maybe they are borned as the king, but on their realm everyone is equal, and they always are well-beloved.
The second one just likes Diogenes, in the novels they are promising young persons, they do not to have too many reputations, they only have their own achievements, they lived a bohemian life, never care about the evaluation of others to themselves, but they could meet the first one all the time, and they will also be famous.
The third one, of course, just likes ordinary people, in the novels they almost act as spectators, as the crowd flows, they present here and there, where the first one and the second one appeared, there they will appear.
Just like the author's said: Like Diogense, he admired the heroic figure of Hercules, who labored to help mankind while all others toiled and sweated only for themselves.
Maybe we should think over and over what is our real freedom.
I'm not really sure about the future,but l think my life in the future will be different and interesting.
Maybe l will be living somewhere completely different.Such as Australia,or even Canada--who knows?What's more,l will finish my school work.What's more, l will have an interesting job.
I will be a doctor or work in a hospital.Eventually,l will go on vacation with my family in my holidays.Eventually,l can take an exercise every day.For example swimming,running and so on.I believe my life will interesting and different.
I hope this will come true.
As is known to us, reading have key effects on man's study and future.
Reading can broaden our horizons, change our ideas.
Through reading, we can enjoy life and have better faith.
However some people have different ideas, they think the best way to learn is to exercise us in the society.
What surprised us is that every coin has two sides.
Taking the ideas into consideration, the best way to learn is to combine knowledge and practice.
In the society, if we have a better graduation certificate, we have an advantage over than others to apply for a good job.
As a college student, the key is to learn theoretical knowledge .
Only in this way can we have a better opportunity.
However the graduation certificate does't represent all of one's ability.
At the same time, we must exercise us to adapt to the society.
Through exercising, we can have a good communication with others.
For instances,when applying for skillful jobs, the leaders usually employ experienced applicants.
To develop us, we should be more knowledged and experienced.
To sum up, it is significant to link theory with practice.
My favourite animal is panda.
The body color for black and white, it has a round face, big black rim of the eye, plump body, walking way iconic toe in, also have a scalpel like sharp claws.
Is one of the most lovely animals in the world.
The giant panda has lived on the earth for at least 8000000 years, known as the "living fossil" and "the national treasure of China".
Nowadays an increasing number of people choose to have a trip during their holidays.
Famous Chinese site of historical interests are regarded as precious treasury of Chinese traditional culture have become more and more popular among travelers.
Every year, especially during peak travel season, you can see people meet together in historical sites.
However, sometimes people are so crowded that some of the architecture or sculpture has been in a state of disrepair in different degree.
Someone even throw their rubbish everywhere.
At that moment, a heated discussion was held about should famous Chinese sites of historical interests charge higher fees during peak travel season among the whole society.
Someone suppose that touring industry is indispensable to the development of the country's economy.
Charging higher fees during the peak travel season undoubtedly will have a negative effect on the travel industry and be harmful to the benefits of travel agency.
Besides, tourists will also give a lot of complaints about this behavior.
While some environmentalists argue that people have the responsibility protecting the historical interests and cultural heritage.
As far as I'm concerned, it's a direct and effective way of dealing with the problem which happened almost every year in the places of interest.
About two months ago, an accident happened in Huang Mountain shocked a lot in the society.
Crowded people have destroyed the fences and steps of the places of interests.
This case has indicated that not only influences the mood of those tourists, but also threatens the personal security of tourists.
After having a general of idea of present tourism developmental conditions, I realize that it's necessary for people to make efforts to avoid this kind of accidents.
I believe that charging higher fees during peak travel agency is able to make people who can't afford the fees give up travelling at that time and lessen the population of tourists in the places of interests.
However, I can't completely admit that this could help us to prevent some poor-educated people from continuing to damage the historical treasures.
As more and more people have got the chance of becoming millionaire overnight in china, they got a lot of money to afford their holiday trip.
Though there is a small portion of this group of people, we can't eliminate the possibility of their behavior on damaging the historical sites.
Actually, I suppose that the most important is enduring to improve the quality of tourists.
A series of promotional activities can be held to warn visitors caring about historical sites.
Besides, strict management and regulations also have to be conducted to help the protection of environment.
The government also should take measures to strengthen the protection of historical sites and treasures.
Besides, fences used to restrict the approaching and touching, regular retirement of treasures is effective methods of protecting those places.
Maybe others will have different opinions about the issue.
I do hope that we can spare no effort to the development of other culture and history.
Everyone has the ability to make contributions to the protection of our cultural heritage.
Online dating was a new concept to most people about 10 years ago, but it is becoming more and more popular these years, especially among the young.
Some people say it's normal to date on the internet, Because internet is the extend of our real life .
we can talk to each other by using QQ MSN or any other IM tool.
And the some time it also can deepen the feeling between two people as in real life .But some people can't accept it ,they say that you can exchange your idea to each other and it surely can deepen your feeling but it can't replace the communication in real life .So it has both positive and negative sides.
For one thing, online dating offers people a new way to make friends especially for those who do not have much choice around.
The Internet provides them with a broad space, in which they can talk freely and find the one they love .And it's a very interesting and popular thing for young people.
Even some think this is the fashion love.
But for another, Online dating always makes people cherish illusions.
We know that a few people have a sound result from the online love.
But that's the minority.
What most people face is unreal.
It gives people hopes but never makes them come true.
Maybe you will be cheat , there will have a lot of bad guys you don't know, so online dating is a very dangerous thing , we should forbid it, far away from it.
In my opinion, I'm for the negative side.
True love is based on long-term and honest intercourse which needs face-to-face communication.
We can't understand a person only by his words on the net.
Online dating will be the first step but never the last.
Six minutes to six, said the digital clock over the information table in Grand Central Station.
My heart always plop springing, result of an appointment.
In six minutes, I would meet with the man who had filled a special place in his life for the past thirteen months, a man who I had never seen.
Soon after some men volunteered for military service, I sent everyone a book for giving them encouragement.
However someday, what made me surprised is the fact that one person sent me back a letter, which said he got competitiveness from my book and letter, and expressed his appreciation to my support of his cause.
For thirteen months, I had faithfully written to him.
When his letters did not arrive, I wrote anyway.
After a short time, I believed we fell in love with each other.
It was as if fate had brought us together.
Whereas, one day he asked me for a photo, I declined his request finally.
Meantime, I explained my objection: If your feelings for me have any reality, any honest basis, what I look like won't matter.
The day I met him was coming, he held a book, and I should have worn a red rose, but I didn't.
I caught sight of him, he was young and handsome.
He held the book I had sent to him, so the moment I saw him I know he was John.
Feeling complicated, I thought personally I had to give him a test of true love.
Then I chose a middle-aged woman to wear a red rose on her brown coat.
One minute to six, the woman was standing almost directly behind me, she was more than fat; her thick legs shook as they moved.
Then I saw a fossil to John's young eyes.
Personally I think, if he walked to me, I would not meet him anymore.
He stepped to me.
He made one step closer to me.
But at last, John resisted the urge to follow me.
He held the book out toward the woman.
"I'm John Blandford, and you-you are Ms. Meynell.
I'm so pleasent you could meet me.
The woman smiled.
"I don't know what this is all about, son," she answered.
"That young lady who just went by begged me to wear this rose on my coat.
And she said that if you asked me to go out with you, I should tell you that she's waiting for you in that big restaurant near the highway.
To meet the Mianyang city news, our school is held to "civilized Mianyang" as the theme of the series of activities.
High school students should be polite, helpful, honest, trustworthy and never say dirty words.
We should obey the traffic rules and we shouldn't make a public place so loudly and we need to take good care of environmental health, don't drop litter.
In my opinion, we middle school students should be common courtesy and I believe that if we are to do more than we can become more polite.
With the development of society.
As people living standard rise shanghai's urban houseband spending in the very big chance .roughly divided into.Enrertainment.Diet Education.Medical.There are other.Through comparing the 1980.1990.2000years spending.Can see the obvious.Clothingand foodand spending less and less.More and more entertainment spending.Health spending more and more.More and more education spending.There are many reasons why i feel these changes in spending proportion.For example.the environment is more and more poor .people eating urban lead to many medicial accidents.Traffic increasingly perfect also creats a lot of traffic accidents.Today people wilee enjoy more and more .so more and more household spending on entertainment.
people's education level was improved .people's education spending also will increase .these changes on personally i feel it is not good .Because more and more money to spend on the medical shows that people's physical quality is more and more bad .More money spend on entertainment shows that people enjoy more and more spiritual life and ingroedthe reality of life.
Credit cards are playing an important role in people's daily life, and becoming more ordinary in China.
In modern world, bank and some financial institutions encourage the customers to use credit credits instead of shopping by cash.
But, things have two sides.
On the one hand, consumers will be able to "buy now, pay later".
They can go shopping without worry about the cash will be stolen or not enough to buy something.
On the other hand, many people use the credit cards immoderately.
They thought they can get whatever they want, many people are not feeling strange about credit card crime and it's not far from people's life.
People need to be careful, there are dangers associated with credit card.
Some some people find it very easy to exceed their budget.
They are tempted to purchase goods that they do not really need, and can become quickly overburdened by debt.
The credit cards often charge a high rate of interest, which exacerbates the problems for these people.
However, use credit cards wisely can improve the quality of people's lives.
They can give people access to money to meet sudden unplanned expenses.
Properly handled, they can let people control their expenditure and the monthly statements provide a record of where their money has gone.
He told to us with a low voice.
He is my history teacher and head teacher in high school, and we called him Mr. Zhou when we faced him.
I know you may ask me what we called him behind.
We sent him a nickname-bapi.
There was a landlord he was mean to money and forced his child laborer to work all day and night in the old days.
People called him "Zhou bapi", which means he exploited peasants cruelly.
And Mr. Zhou was mean to our time-he wanted us to study in every spare time.
Once the school organized to watch a movie in the playground, and almost every class went to see it.
However, Mr. Zhou asked us to have a math class.
He thought it was useless to see a movie.
Of course, we opposed the decision.
The whole class was in mass, and our math teacher didn't want to continue the class when she saw the situation.
She let us review by ourselves.
There was no math class, so we thought our head teacher might allow us to go downstairs to see movie.
Later we knew that we were wrong.
He came to the classroom and watched us to do our homework.
We didn't dare to say any words that may make him angry.
Finally we studied until the class over.
Nowadays I realized that he expected us to learn how to calm down in the busy environment.
Most of us did nothing that night, but someone has finished their homework.
And those one who were able to calm down had a good result in the entrance examination.
Another story about him is "there was someone outside the window".
He always likes to wear a black windbreak except in summer.
And our class room had a big window in the side of corridor.
When night coming, people outside can see inside clearly, but people inside only look at dark.
You can guess what had happened in this situation.
He may come to catch the one who were absent-minded.
So we concentrated on the night class for we didn't know when he was outside.
We still carefully even in day class, in case he will appear at any time outside the window.
He was like a whip, driving us forward.
This is an old Chinese saying.
We understood Mr. Zhou that he wanted us more hardworking and everyone could get a good result.
He was responsible to us, and I can't deny that he was a knowledgeable history teacher.
I liked his class, and I respected him.
It was a little annoyed when he not allowed us to relax.
But he said if we were used to casualness, we couldn't be serious then.
We should have a good schedule and then followed it.
Mr. Zhou has taught me to value every time and study with heart.
I will say I really thank him nowadays though I hated him in my high school times.
Answers to this question vary greatly.
There is no consensus of opinions among people as to the view of the view of the fees of the scenic and historical places.
Some argue that the famous sites of historical interest in china should not charge tourists higher entry fees during peak travel season, while others believe that higher fees should be charged.
As to me, I believe that it is necessary to higher the fees of the famous places of interest.
By this way, people can realize the importance of the places of interest.
Also it can remind the people to protect the historical sites.
What's more, with more money, the management can take care of the historical sites better than before.
For a start, with the improvement of the fees of the historical sites during the peak travel time, people will recognize the importance of the scenic and historical places.
According to the survey made by Thomas Stephen who is a famous socialist, it indicated that if the person takes much money on one thing, he or she will treasure it very much.
So if we higher the price of the entrance, the people will realize the important meaning of the long-history sites, which means he or she will be much more enjoyed with the travel.
Also it is acknowledged that the fees are only improved during the high season rather than everyday.
As the development of the living standard, it is acceptable for the people of the higher fees.
Furthermore, during the time of the peak travel season, there will be an increasing number of people coming to the famous places of interest.
As we can see, a mount of rubbish such as plastic bags and plastic bottles will be thrown here and there.
The environment of the historical places needs the tourists to protect the environment consciously.
However, the higher price also can remind the tourists not to throw the rubbish around and not to scribble all over.
That is to say, the higher fees can remind the tourists of the moral quality, and protect the environment of the famous places of interest.
Last but not least, obviously, the higher fees can make the management of the historical sites get much more money.
Then the management can do great of favor to the sites of historical interest.
For instance, they can hire more people to clean up the environment and place more trash cans, also they can spend money on the restoration of the old buildings.
Besides the places of natural beauty and historic interest are the representatives of profound culture.
We have the response to protect the important historical heritage.
The higher fees can help us to protect and maintain the important cultural heritage.
In my opinion, the way to higher fees will do more good than harm.
It has positive effect to the historical sites.
And the tourists will be aware of the importance of the historical sites and take the response to protect them.
Moreover, the management can work better to manage and protect the sites of historical interest.
My hero is Jay Chou .
He is not tall but he is very handsome .
He is a famous singer .
He ever sing in the world .
These are his mother give him .
In his childhood , he wrote a passage , name is Filial piety dad .
However , his Chinese teather named him read his passage ,he read very well .
The sentence already hurt him .
But in the middle school , his music was very well .
His mother found his advantage .
His mother decided to ask him to practise the piano .
He often practised a lot of time in daliy .
Until his arm sour .
He still practised every day.
Although his mother hit him , he didn't gave up.
I think this kind of never gave up who should keep .
It is important to study hard .
If I have a better envirment , I will study hard .
Mr.Chou is greatest hero in my heart .
There is general discussion today about the issue of reading is important or practice.
Some people think that reading is more important, they think that reading makes a wise man.
But there are some people who think that practice is more important, they think more close to the actual practice, everything should start from practice.
In my opinion, reading and practice are equally important .
Learning could not leave the reading also cannot leave the practice.
Reading and practice is like building a house.The house was built and the higher the ground is more strong, but reading is the foundation of practice, practice is the cover of high-rise buildings.Want the tall building up taller, is the foundation play more strong,so practice without reading.
Reading and practice are equally important .
Want to building up taller, be about to read, all is based on the practice of reading, there would be no good without good reading practice, Predictably, reading and practice can be for a man to lay a solid foundation of learning.
From what has been discussed above, we can draw the conclusion: reading and practice of learning are as important as.If learning is more important than practice or practice is more important than learning is wrong.
It's extremely significant to greate a conservation-oriented campus.create a conservation-oviented has many reasons.Firstly,on campus there are many wasting phenomenon,such as wasting water.Secondly,it has many significant.It can make our campus life more friendly and pretty.Finally,it can help us to build an environmental consciousness.
In order to create a conservation-oviented campus,we can carry out a variety of activities,such as speech contest to let more students take part in this activity.So they can realize this phenomenon.And they can get rid of their bad habits.
Create a conservation-oviented campus we should do it for ourself and from a small start to make our campus more peaceful and pretty.
The following is my schedule arrangement for my friend.
First, she in shiyan train station was received in me in the morning at ten o 'clock forty.
Then she went to my good hotel reservation for her settled in her luggage.
At noon at half past eleven, she and I eat lunch together, I'll introduce her to some shiyan characteristics snacks.
About twelve o 'clock and a half, end of lunch, she make a little rest in the hotel.
At two o 'clock in the afternoon, she slowly under the guidance of my familiar shiyan surrounding environment, and under the guidance of my visit my school.
Such a pleasant time of it on the first day.
The next two days, she will be under the guidance of my visit some shiyan famous scenic spot.
This is I help her set agenda.
Now there is a strange phenomenon that someone fall on the road,but no one to help .Why is this ?
I think that most people didn't help others in need because they were afraid of meet liar.In spite of this we should believe good man in the world more.
Maybe because you indifferent let people lose their lives in need of help.
If each of us is full of love, ready to help others, believe that will reduce a lot of tragedy.
I think that we should help others in need.
Many people think that "Never give up" is an active attitude to life.
And it is an important factor in one's success.
For example, Lina, she is the best tennis athlete in china.
If you had watched her competition, you would find that "Never give up" is her credo.
In other word, it is her principle for the athletics.
So she could make a difference on sport.
On the other hand, a part of people think that sensible abandonment is more precious that "Never give up".
Sometimes, maybe giving up something is better than clutch at straws.
In my opinion, I want to say that "Never give up" is my choice.
I think that you can achieve any things if you never give up.
For example, my roommate, Luo, she is not beautiful and she is not good at dancing.
But she like dancing.
So she repeated the dance movement day and night for two years.
And finally, she is succeed.
Everything is dogged as does it.
So you do not have to be afflicted with the hardness.
English writing is very difficult for me,and it makes me very headache,so I dislike English writing.In English writing I have three aspects difficult.
First,my vocabulary is very small,there are a lot of words I cannot write and the words are always forget I remember,the same word will appear many times,you can find out it in my article for this.
Second,the grammar is very poor for me,a lot of cannot used and often make miss take.Many sentences and paragraph cannot write that I want to say.
Third,there are many topics I do not know what to write and how to express myself mind,and I should write anything,many people told me,you should read many articles and remember some sentences and paragraphs,you can use them in articles.But I often forgot them when I write an article.
So in order to improve my English writing skill,I need making a plan .
Firstly,I should improve my vocabulary,so I need remember more and more words.
Secondly,I should learn grammar by reading and asking another people.
Finally,I should make practice for English writing.
I think my English writing can improve,and it must improve,because I want that no longer make me headache.
Environment problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
Nowadays,the cities become more crowded with the sharp increasing population.Meanwhile,ti is the excessive exploitation that makes the soil barren.The cutting of forests as well as the lack of water are also enormous problems.Furthermore,the air pollution has gone from bad to worse all over the world.The pollutions have greatly damaged our home and threatened our health.
We must face the situation that exists and take actions to solve our environmental problems.For instance,it is of great improtance to live a low-carbon life such as traveliling by bicycle and laws should be passed to stop the pollution.
I hope the problems will be solved in the near future and the home will become better.
I have a roomate.
He likes football very much.
One day, my roomate watched football match on the Internet.
He watched and cheering his favorite term, but I was going over my lesson.
His sound larger then match sound, so I was very angry, but I only let him turn the sound down.
He accepted my suggestion and apologized.
Now there is a growing awareness that the government should or should not establish free libraries in each town.
My view is that the government should establish it.
Because it is a traditional way to read and you can also get some information.
For one thing, reading in the library can reduce our online time and it is a good method.
If we do all things by computer, maybe we will wear glasses very later and it is bad for our body.
Besides healthy, there are so much false information which you might not know where them from or if them are verified by official organization.
For another, a free library can provide you a quiet , comfortable surroundings to read.
And you can look up what you need.
You can also spend your spare time in free libraries.
Not only can you look up information, but also you can expand your knowledge an abandon spirit world.
In short, I consider that the government should establish free libraries in each town.
Because libraries like a kitchen which everybody should make dinners in the kitchen to feed them up or them will not taste the delicious.
With the development of the society, People's life rhythm is faster and faster, so now a lot of people are willing to choose kill time indoors in my spare time.
For this practice many people have different opinions, the majority of people believe that spare time should not be curtilage at home.Because of work and study are remarkably busy at ordinary times.And, pressure is extremely substantial.So, in his spare time to go out to play or exercise should be a down and relax and breathe the fresh air.Some people suppose that should be curtilage in the home more rest in my spare time, because of work and study at ordinary times already very tired, with plenty of spirit to meet the new work and study.
I suppose that we should go out to play in our spare time, to relax the mood, if you extremely very tired, you can rest at home, but don't always curtilage at home on the Internet, playing mobile phones, is harmful to their health.
Yesterday I was very happy!First,we accepted a train to ZhongShan Park.
Second,we visited the plantation.We saw many hares in the plantation.They were very lovely.Then we accepted photos with hares.
At about a quarter to ten,we went fishing by the lake.My father like fishing very much,so he caught many fish.Nest,we had a short respite in the Plantation Hotel.Nest we swam in the swimming pool.
At length,we accepted dinner in a restaurant.
Since the invention of the Internet, it has been playing an increasing important role in people's life.
It has changed our life style, our living habits and even the style of interpersonal communication.
We used to communicate with each other face to face, or write to each other.
Later, we can contact each other by phone calls or telegrams.
Now the invention of Internet provides us with more convenience.
Distance is no longer a problem in contacting with our friends.
We can send e-mails or chat online immediately, which saves us a lot of time and money.
With the help of Internet, we can meet more interesting people who has the same interest with us.
We can even find good friends or soul mate via Internet, which we have never expected 20 years ago.
People can have more understanding of each other because they can exchange more views and opinions through Internet.
What's more, people can get the recent information about their friends quickly.
In a word, Internet has changed the way of interpersonal communication.
Internet has brought us a lot of convenience in contacting with each other, so it is easily accepted by the young.
But for the old group, they still prefer the old style of communication because they are not skillful in using computers.
They believe face to face communication is more reliable.
In my opinion, we can use Internet to help us deal with many communications.
But in some important or official occasion, face to face communication is still necessary and cannot be replaced by internet communication.
There are an increasing number of people like traveling to other places.
Therefore, the tourism becomes developing faster and faster.
It brings many chances to tourist cities to develop their economy.
With booming development of the tourism, these cities' economy began to flourish together.
However, the development of the tourism also causes many problems.
The cultural relics and historic sites are damaged seriously.
Moreover, there will be more pollution in the cities.
I think it is important to protect the tourism environment.
Firstly, the government should take measure.
The suitable law must be published .
And it is necessary to have public speech to call people to protect the environment.
Then, we need some volunteers help.
They can help staff to do the job better.
The most important one is we need to show how bad if the cultural relics and historic sites are damaged.
And make people know these are important treasures for everyone.
I'm sure the cultural relics and historic sites will be protected better with most people's efforts.
As far as I'm concerned, the principle is logical.
First, we should hold just manner to judge suspect is guilty or not.
When we do the judgment, we cannot be influenced by our emotions and prejudice.
Second, we must observe the Innocent Judging Principle.
We should consider the suspect is innocent by default instead of guilty.
At last, anyone will leave traces after they did anything.
Therefore, we should find out them to prove they did it actually.
Otherwise, we can't declare them guilty casually.
We need to use a scientific approach to do handing matters.
Our company has won a largre export order,so we have to talk to foreigners.We will organize foreign language training after work from November 1st for some of you whose foreign language is poor.It is necessary for us to learn foreign languages,please be sure to attend.
During my high school life,I had a good English teacher.She had a strong influence on me.She is friendly and helpful.Not only does she has a good command of the knowledge of English,but also she has unique teaching methods.She always teaches us some English games in class in order to make the lessons lively.Including me,all the students respect her.
Today I am a freshman ,I have officially began to my college life.I look forward to having an excellent English teacher.My ideal college English teacher must have high academic mastery and rich knowledge.In addition,she also should explain more of the knowledge of the society.What's more,she can encourage us to make out-class reading and teach us how to study by ourselves.The most essential is that she must be most happy to answer student's questions and help them solve problems in their life.
Also,I want to learn more Enlish knowledge from our college English teacher.I want to polish up my English and speak English fluently.If I command English well,I can communicate with foreigners freely.
We should know about the daily news everyday as modern university students.
For many people, newspaper has become the main source of daily news, but I perfer to read surf on the Internet.
In my personal opinions, there are many advantages getting information by the Internet.
At first, we could learn about the news faster through the Internet.
For example, the first information about the earthquake of Wenchuan in the 2008 was a local transmitted by the microblog, then more and more conditions of disaster was sent to the relief workers clearly by the Internet and the true information helped the head of the relief workers to decide quickly and accurately.
On the other hand, there are multifarious comments for the same thing.
We could know about the news amply because the different reporters write the different opinions.
As the saying is hundred people have hundred ideas.
We would get something what we need from the various reports on the Internet.
At last, it is cheap and convenient to read on the Internet.
We can read one the cellphone everywhere.
After all, the Internet is a better source of news than the other ways.
And it will be more and more popular.
The topic of the address I will deliver to you is "What is of great importance in growth?".
Recently,I'm astonished to hear the news that a college student insisted on buying a trio of Apple products,and forced her mother into a nervous breakdown.
Throughout the process of growth,we are accustomed to depending on our parents.Whatever we desire and however difficult it is to obtain,our parents will manage to fulfill.However radiating light and heat as they are like the sun,our parents are growing old.And their excessive love results in the consequence that we take it for granted.
No doubt,this phenomenon should disappear.As far as I'm concerned,university students mostly aged over 18 should be regarded as adults.Moreover,dependence and ability to make money are essential qualities to make a living.
No longer are we children,no longer should our parents feed us up,and no longer should we hide from their wings,how to live on our own is what we all should be aware.
That's all,thank you.
Speaking of reading, many people are excited because reading brings them both knowledge and entertainment.
By reading, we can learn lots of information and know our history.
But for some people, reading is not their priority.
They will choose to watch movies to have fun.
However, I think people can benefit a lot by reading.
First of all, reading can let us know what have happened in history.
Since history is recorded in books, if we read books, then we can not only what have happened in history but also we can better understand the great figures of the age.
Secondly, reading can enrich our knowledge.
By reading, we can know different kinds of things, how things happen and how to avoid bad things from happening.
Books record a wide range of things about life.
Through reading, we can know various aspects of life.
Thirdly, reading teaches us skills.
There are so many books about how to learn a certain language, how to get a good job, how to become popular in your circle, how to cook and so on.
Thus, these kinds of books can make us more skillful if we do a certain thing.
All in all, we can find lots of benefits through reading.
I study in a beautiful school.
There are many trees and flowers in campus.
It's green all the year round.
There are three buildings in my school.
Two of them are teaching buildings and one is office and library.
Our classroom is large and bright.
We are happy to study in it.
Besides, there are two playgrounds in my school, a basketball court and a football field.
After class.
Our teaching building has four floors.
My classroom is on the fourth floor.
It is big and clean.
The computer rooms are on the third floor.
There is a library on the second floor.
There are many books in the library.
I often read books here.
There are some music rooms and art rooms in the teaching building, too.
I like my lovely school.
With the development of science and technique.
Cloning technology is growing rapidly.
Surely, some problems have produced because of it, which is about the advantages and disadvantages of cloning technogy.
My points of view are that disadvantages of cloning are more than advantages of it.
Firstly, cloning is against nature.
If you clone the same animals, which is nothing useful and blocks up the evolution of mankind.
Secondly, cloning may lead to unforeseen disasters.
You konw nothing at all about the animals got by cloning.
So you don't know useful or harmful.
Thirdly, closing will possibly abuse of the cloning technique.
Technique is never mature, therefore, we can't use cloning technique without worry.
Last but not least, cloning will cause ethical problems.
For example, scientists make a new baby by getting a person's cell, how they call each other.
In the end, I think we should treat this cloning problems carefully, making cloning serve us.
In my opinion, everyone has imagined their colleague life, so do I.
When in the senior high school, I dreamed that I could do everything what I intend to do, just not to violate the law.
We may develop our interests which we cannot think it or dare to play it.We may achieve our dream, but,reality frequently unsatisfactory.
After enter the colleague I realize that there isn't any difference between the senior and the university.
The same busy life classroom, and the boring classroom model, the endless test.
The exam-oriented education is always the chinese educational's sadness .If we must say something changes,maybe we have time to take advantage of ourselves.
In this film,I like the following words very much,"When you like it or not,it did.
Cause you don't need teachers or classrooms or fancy highbrow traditions or money to really learn.
You just need people with a desire to better themselves.
Perhaps this is the accurate colleague life.In order to fulfill our dream or live better, a place we need to study.
University should be a place where we need to foster enthusiasm or creativity.
But if you have a deep love for your dream and make great efforts, to be or not to be, it doesn't matter.
Afterwards ,unconditional offer of liverpool university is just a piece of paper.
I think college is a big family.
The here have a number of new students.
We together study to class.
We also can playing.
So I think our college is a big family.
In our college life, My aim is became a successful people.
I think anying in successful.
In our daily life,We can have lots of times.
I can to set a study program to help my study.
I can join more activity.
I hope my university is very happy.
You never know what's in store for you.
hard do anying that my college times.
In my opinion, I hope myself have a happy college life.
As we all know, online shopping has been more and more popular in the past few years.Thousands of people buy things online instead of shopping in marks every day.
Online shopping, as a new way of shopping, has been changing people's life.People have different opinions on it.Some people support it in that they think online shopping really promotes our lives.It is exceedingly convenient to shopping online.Just click the mouse, pay for what they tend, then wait instead of going outside for something needed.Also they can buy things abroad at a lower price.
As the saying goes, each coin has two sides.There are also many people who don't like online shopping.They have their reasons.The first one, they cannot see the actual things online, just some pictures, and they don't know if the goods are of promising quality.The second one, they may waste much time on online shopping, leaving harmful influence on their study and work, even their lives.
From my point of view, online shopping is exactly a new thing which is changing our lives.It has advantages as well as disadvantages.
On the one hand, it is exceedingly convenient and cheap.Countless people take hold of the chance, have a cyberspace, making much money.
On the other hand, if we were addicted to online shopping, we would waste lots of time and money on it.In addition, when we're waiting for what we bought online, we may not concentrate on what we are doing.So we should confront online shopping correctly, and make the most use of it, letting our lives be more colourful and convenient.
Albert Einstein is one of the most famous scientists in the world.And he love mathematics.He was born in Vlm,Germany,1879.What's more,he didn't speak until he was three.But he was a brilliant scientist.
He had the idea of his theroy of relativity when he was 16.Besides, he studied physics in Zurich,Switzerlard.Fortunately,he got a job in an office to earn his living.
Quickly,he published the special theroy of relativity in 1915.He awarded Nobel Prize for physics in 1921 as well.He left Germany when Hitler came to power and went to work in the US.And he was died in 1955.
Hallo miss Liu.My name is Y. I hope you still memorize me.I come from X.I am native.
