Meanwhile, there is also widespread addiction to technological devices.For instance, phubbing has been considered very harmful to relationships between people.So,we need to learn to use new technology reasonably.
In a word,it is beneficial for us to use new technology.
"It's too terrible to settle down in a metropolis ," said by a thirty-years-old clerk working in a Peking mobile company.
With a sad, bored and tired feeling, a numbers of people drop up pursueing their dream in the central cities and leave for their home town, in order to begin another life.
And I am one of them.
A high pay work and a well quality life is the charm to let persons work hard and lonely far away from their relevant.
Perhaps they find that whatever they try their best, they can't to be the national, because the high price of the house.
Getting a house and married is a traditional mind in Chinese mind.
Even thirty years old, most of them will have a lonely in a rent apartment without safe and proud, so they escape the dream city like who had done that.
It's a big lost for the cities and the escapees, the man drop up their dream and the cities miss human resource.
If everyone can have a happy life who dedicate to develop the cities, then I will settle down there with the boom of it.
In this picture,we can see the young boy is worried about the disposing of nuclear waste.However,his father said:"if you can empty the dustbin here,you can do anything.
"Means doing every major thing should do some minor things first.Obviously his father tend to teach his son the importance of doing minor things before undertaking something major.
In my opinion,every major thing is beginning with minor thing.Many great people such as Rdison,his success was due to he constantly pay attention to every detail and every small thing.Every his experiment,were stared by prepare the material and data.No great thing can be triumphant without preparation.
As the saying goes,detail decides success or failure.As for great or big things is built up countless small thing.So please value the importance of doing minor things before undertaking something major.
My hero is Curry.
Curry is a famous basketball player in NBA.
He is tall and strong.
When he laughs, we see his even teeth I watching basketball in TV since 2008.
I have known Curry He worked so hard that he was hurt.
Alough he was hurt but he never gives up.
In 2014-2015 sports competition seasons he led the team winning leave competition very easy.
Then he led the team win the a great variety of competition since 2015.
When he stopped playing basketball he wanted to do charity.
This is the reason why I like it.
So I think he was hero.
Because whatever he does,he never gives up.
He has an amazing strong will.
As we all know, a lot of people like to watch TV, the TV is an integral part of people's lives, but not the same as everyone watching television programs.For me, my favorite TV show is comedy, especially Zhao's essay.Usually very busy learning, but I still would have taken the time to look at his sketch.Whenever, whenever I see him play skit, I read and feel so happy, laughing happily, you can temporarily forget learning life's troubles, feel relaxed taste.In addition, I have fun at the same time, I also learned many useful life lessons.As such, some of his sketches reaction undesirable social phenomena such as exists in the society, ironically danger to society, revealing the moral climate of society,to reflect the other side of the community.Let's get an education, to cause us to reflect.
My favorite TV show is comedy, it is a big part of in my life, makes me laugh, gives me just.
very much appreciate Zhao himself, not only because he made ​​contributions to the cause of the Kingdoms, but also because of his charisma.
I went to Yunnan Province with my parents to enjoy my summer vacation for the first trip.I was there for five days when I was seven years old.We set off from Tianjin to Dali by plane.I was very excited because the first trip.
we visited many famous sites of interest in this province.
Among them, Stone Forest in Lunan Yi Nationality Autonomous County leaves a deepest inpression upon me for its strange, steep yet magnificent landscape.
We went to Cangshan.Where the scenery is beautiful, the environment is very good.The air is fresh and there are many flowers and plants,I ate Pancake hat that special product.
I like travelling very much.
He can let me open my field of vision.When I have time, I will go to play.
What a good book can do for you?It's a controversial question,some people think that doing is more important than reading,and the right book is just an instrument of study.But i don't think so.And in my view,reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
When we are in the childhood,our partents and first teacher told us,the book is the ladder of human progress.At very beginning,we know nothing about this world,so we read some children's book to know the differences between the beauty and the ugly.With the time flies,we know a lot of real stories and the truth of every kind of things not only from our text book,but also our right extracurricular reading.And these books give us energy and dream,and also give us a totally new world that waiting ourselies to search.Every person has a beautiful imagination about future in his deep heart,and I believe that our first imagination is not from computer or TV,but from a right book.So,that is to say,good books are also our teachers of our growth.
Finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark within us that motivates us to read more,understand more,and read joyfully.And the good books could lead you to see the colorful nature and exotic culture.And when you really beside the lakes,beneath the trees or travelling the world,you could know their names rather than only a tree or a lake.
What a good book can do for you?She can lead you to a powerful avenue, purify your heart, and motivate you to do whatever you want to do.
Stress is a common experience.
We all may feel stressed when we are very busy, have an important examination, have to achieve a high goal, or have limited time to complete many tasks.
Occasionally, people get stressed for a series of reasons such as being late especially the meeting is important.
Someone may be particularly vulnerable to stress in situations involving the threat of failure.
I think there is three, trifles, competition and highly financial expectation.
Much of the stress in our daily life result from dealing with hassles and trifles.
Many of us face the same every day.
There are plenty of examples.
When facing them, people feel lonely and helpless.
These hassels may feel like only minor irritants, but cumulatively, over time, they can cause significant stress.
If deal bad, the feeling will be intensive and pose a great threat to our daily life.
To make matters worse, the trifles and hassels appear everywhere, and worries are not good to us, it will strengthen it.
Competition is also a resource.
With the rapid development of society, the competition becomes more and more fierce, and people feel more and more stressed.
As an old saying goes, the weak win and the strong fail.
Not working hard to be stronger, chances are that we'll get lost in the jungle and vanish in it.
Nowadays, people are competing for themselves.
Children are fighting for basic skills, students are fighting for high scores, workers are fighting for workload and high salary and doctors are fighting for satisfying work surroundings.
No one stands still, no one stop racing and no one wants to fall behind.
Otherwise, you'll be weed out by the society.
Consequently, you can see the crowded subway before the sun rise, sunning white collars on the streets, and diligent students study with interest and desire.
There is no denying that competitions speed up the rhythm of living pace and in return reserve it.
People living competitive are somewhat under too much pressure.
It just seems like they are busy with an extremely hard task, but this time, it's mental and difficult to get rid of.
Highly financial expectation, the third major culprit behind stress, is intimately connected with us.
There once have a saying that the economic base determines the superstructure.
In such a society, the cost of living makes many families live a hard life.
Some even make ends meet.
So it is no surprise why they are trying their best to fulfill their wallet.
On the contrast, the desire of money becomes an activator because when they do not possess the money they feel stressed and the truth is that more and more people are worried about it.
It's like that wondering on the surface of sea with noting.
What's more, some people even don't realize that, they just have no idea of future.
As a consequence, stress play a reversed role in our life.
Stress signals danger and prepare us to take defensive action.
What's more, mental problems such as insomnia and melancholia are to blame for it.
It also motivates us to achieve and fuels creativity.
People who are stressed typically have anxious thoughts and are difficult to concentrate or remember.
Moreover, it can change outward behaviors.
From what has been discussed above, I draw a conclusion that we shouldn't escape from stress.
It's an inevitable part in our normal life.
Different people have different stress.
I'm L,an exchange student who accommodates at your home.I'm sorry to teii you a truth that i left my English dictionary.I hope that you could help me to send my dictionary back.
As far as I'm concerned,this is an important dictionary which is of great significance.It is a value dictionary which was a gift from my English teacher.She is a kind woman who comes from America.At the same time,when I came to America,she provided lots of help to me.when I had to come home,she send me a dictionary to encourage me to work hard.I'm appreciate it that she did me a favour.
I left my dictionary at my bookshelf in my bedroom.I could provided postage by myself.
With the rapid development of society, means of interpersonal communication has turn the world upside down.
Undoubtedly, network communication has become an important social way is an indisputable fact.
Each of views are not the same, so, before giving my opinion, listen to the views of others is very necessary.
Some people think that network communication is convenient, greatly shortened the distance between people, which will make the communication mare effective.
But some people think what make the communication between people become shallow is the timeliness of network communication too.
There is much to be said on both sides.
Network communication is a double-edged sword, has both advantages.
there are also disadvantages, we should correctly treat.
As far as I am concerned, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages of network communication.
On the one hand, it has greatly expanded our communication space, so that we can make more friends that we can choose what they are.
On the other hand, compared with the traditional ways of communication,it is more timely and variedly.
Of course, network communication has drawbacks, because a lot of virtual things will affect the safety and quality of our communication.
I can give you a good way to remember English words.
I always read the words that I should memorize as well as review them once a day.
Secondly, I always have enough sleep in order to memorize well.
That is the best for memorizing English words I think.
If you do these, you will memorize the words more easily and more quickly.
As you can see, memorizing English not only needs good memory, but also needs some skills.
Every year in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming go vernment employees.I have some opinion about it.
At first, why have this phenomenon happened.It's famoused that you will have relatively well paid and steady jobs if you become go vernment employee.Especially at this social, we have more and more pressure about work and life.For example this year More than 720 millions graduates from china and they will face the high employeement pressure, maybe many people can't find job.What'more, though who is have a job marby fired out.but, the vernment employee not only have steady jobs, but also have good paid.So, more and more people take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming go vernment employees.
Second, as far as i'm concerned about, this phenomenon is not good for graduates to obtain job, and will disturb ambition that Young man have it.At the last but not least, it's very not good for the social develop economy.
Third our governments should have some policy to deal with it.what'more, the governments should hard work to develop the economy and creat more jobs.
Everything have the reason , if you want to deal with the problem, you should find the source.
As we all know , the most important thing for a student is studying .
But in my opinion , studying should not be the only thing for a student.
If we only have the knowledge which we learn from the book but lacking of the communication ability which we learn from the society , we are still not the people the society need.
So it is nessary for students to find a part time job during the leisure time.
Part time job not noly can provide stundents an oppounity to meet with different people but also can make us konw how to slove all kinds of problems.
Through this progress, the communication ability can get a great improve.
Furthermore, works help a student to learn independence and earning his own pocket money can teach him how to handel his finances.
There are most students study and live in college now.But most students can not live better in college.For example,they do not know how to live and study in here and just know relax themselves.They have unhealthy habits.Some college students usually go to bed later and are addicted to online games.So they do not have enough energy to study in class.And they ofen expend much beyond their ability.They eat much junk food and some girls do not eat anything to lose weight.
This habit is harm for our health.We can not focus on our study and we will have less time to do homework.We will ignore friendship too.We will forget to keep in touch with our friend,classmates and parents.And eat junk food will make us fat.If you eat less everyday,you will hate to eat food in after days.
We have to correct this bad habits.First,we should arrange our own time to learning and entertainment.We are still students,so study is the most important thing.Secend,we should have a good eating habit and ensure a balance diet.If we do,we will have a good body.Then in school,we must save money instead of wasting money.
I'm very glad to hear from you.Now I'm going to talk about my school life.
My school life is different from you.I usually get up at 6 o'clock.I finish my breakfirst at about half pass six.And then I take the bus to the school.The school gate opening at 7o'clock.The class begins at half pass seven.We have eight subjects to study in a term.And my favorite subject is English.Because the teacher sxplains the grammar so clearly.And she is a humorous person.By the way,I think maths and physical are very difficult.And I can't comprehension them.
When I get home,I usually do my homework first.And then,I go over my lesson.After that I watch TV or look through the phone until I go to sleep.
On Friday,we have club activities at school.And I take part in the movie and literature club.I like watch movies very much.And I'm also insteresting in literature.
This is my school life.
This summer my mother and I went to Shan dong travel.At the first day,we took the train,accompanying many friends,so I would not feel bored.We played poker together,shared our stories and snacks.And enjoyed the beautiful scenery along the way.
In the next morning,we went to Yantai shore called moon bay.
I must say that the sea is so beautiful that my mother and I took lots of photos.
In the afternoon, we took a big ship to go to long island.Then we enjoyed the big seafood meal,and got a good rest.
At the third day,we went to beach to visit at frowning reef.
I think it was really good.Gentle sea breeze let a person feel comfortable and ease.The sea was so rough that the pebbles were washed shiny.That day,the sea of children was laughing and running.I am deeply infected with them,but also happy to laugh.
That trip is excellent!The unforgettable trip brought me many wonderful memories.I think travelling can enrich our knowledge,so I like travelling very much.
can help you improve you.
Here are some advice for you.
The first advise is watch films and listen to songs are great ways to remember English words.
Watch and listen several times,and guess the meaning of the new words,Each time you will learn something new.
I also advise you always speak English as much as possible in class.
The second advice is spell new words.
It is a good idea to spell and pronounce new words aloud every day.
But also do not forget to write down the new words in you notebook.
room,Read the words when you see them,and try to use them.
I hope you can learn English words well.
Before the beginning of learning English at HUST, I had wondered that it would be quite boring when we take lessons in the whole day.
But out of my thought, I was absolutely wrong.
First of all, there're four different courses, including speaking, listening, reading and writing.
I really think it is rich and varied.
In addition, the four English teachers are all good and responsible.
It's my honor to be their student and I believe I can get command of more knowledge from them.
What's more, the contents of the courses are valuable and practical, which can promote and improve my English skills and abilities to a large extent.
As for me, there's no denying that learning English in HUST is definitely fancy.
When I first entered the college,I felt nervous and puzzled.
Because it was a world i have never been to,and it was totally different from the middle school which i was familiar with.In that situation, i really hope there is someone who can help me to adjust the new surroundings as soon as possible,so today i want to give freshman some suggestions,and i expect it make sense.
First,We should be independent and have the courage to face the challenge.Without the company of our parents,we would meet a lot of unexpected problems,but don't be afraid and complained.We must confront the future with optimism and find the solutions to deal with them.It is fantastic to stand on one's own feet but do not be shy to ask for help.As the old saying goes:Many hands make work light.
Second,We should set our own goal,commit to it,and try your best to make it come true.And for this goal,you could take part in some school systems and activities to anneal yourself.You must believe that god is even to everybody,so you must have something better than others.
Third,We should be friendly and kind to others.As we all know that people have their own characters,and we can't always wear our tinted spectacles to judge them.
Some people think that though we are college students, academic performance is very crucial , but some people suppose that communication ability is more important.
In my opinion, communication ability is more important than academic performance .
Communication ability is very important to establish the friendship between students, if your communication ability is very poor, you will be no good popularity.Second,communication capability reflects your language-expressing ability , if your language expression ability is very poor ,it will give people bad impression.Last but not least, if your communication ability is very good, you will make more friends, have more chances.Now, people more and more attach great importance to the academic records and pay more attention to people 's skills and abilities.
Now, it is generally accepted that television plays an important part in people's lives.
But, there is an ongoing heated discussion as to whether television is a blessing or a curse.
As is often pointed out by some people, television keeps one better informed about current events, allows one to follow the latest developments in politics and science, and offers an endless series of programs which are both instructive and stimulating.
The most distant countries, the strangest customs and the most attractive scenes of nature are brought right into one's room.
However, other people insist that television is a curse rather than a blessing.
They argue that it has brought about many serious problems.
The major one is its effects on young people.
They are now so used to getting their information, education and entertainment from television that their literacy as well as physical ability has been greatly weakened.
Even worse than that, vulgar commercials and indecent programs may cultivate their bad tastes, distort their viewpoints towards human life to such a degree that their minds might be corrupted.
In summary, television has both advantages and disadvantages.
Whatever effects it has, one thing is certain, television in itself is neither good nor bad.
It is the uses to which it is put that determines its value to society.
Everyone has his most beautiful dream.My dream is to be a movie star.
When I grow up,I want to be a singer,because I like music very much.I like the sound of piano as water.I love guitar dynamic melody.I can sing and dance,too.I think it's very interesting and fine.So I hope I can be engaged in the work of music.
When I grow up,I want to be an actress.I hope I can meet my idol and play with them,and I like showing very much.
I will try my best to practice singing,and learn how to show.I believe that one day,I can realize my dream.Hard for dreams,come on!
In my opinion,there is much love around me.For example,my mum looks after me carefully and faithfully,and my dad gives me a chance to study as well as a warm house to live in.I have lots of excitement because of the love from my parents.I feel lucky and comfortable so that I want to show the love to others.I will be friendly to everyone and give some money to the poor.Let's take action to show our love!
My name is S. I have a good friend.
Her name is L. She is a good girl.
We both like reading,and we usually go to the library on weekends.
Though we are good friends,we also have differences in many ways.
I have long straight hair but she has short curly hair.
I am good at playing sports.
But she jumps higher than me.
And she is better at school than me.
Lucy always makes us laugh.
So,I'd say Lucy is so funny than she is getting the most popular at the school.
In fact,she is funnier than all the people I know.
And I think a good friend --just like Lucy is like a book--You don't need a lot of them as long as she is good.I think we good friends forever.
as deforestation area see less.
also produces carbon dioxide conducive to the photosynthesis of plants,promote the growth of the plant is conducive to improving the environment.On the other hand,global warming causes drought degree and is not conducive to the growth of animal,such as the polor bear foraging period shorten increasing survival pressure.At the sane time increase the occurrence of nature disasters,such as foods and typhoons.
Recently, it is more and more popular for students to study abroad.
On the one hand studying at foreign countries can help students learn the local culture.
Students can make more friends in other countries.
When they graduate from their universities, they will have a good chance to work.
But on the other hand, students who study abroad will compare themselves with the higher.
It is worse and worse in modern society.
And in tact, some students even have learned nothing at schools.
Nowdays, the credit card is a hot topic in society have more and more people use credit card.
Different people have different views.
Some people think that credit card makes our life convenient.
It is dangerous for us to bring too much money in body to go to shopping.
The credit card is small, so it accounts for a small space.
If we donot have enough money, it can pay for you.
However, others donot agree it..
They say that the credit card is too small, so if it lost ,we seek out it diffcultly.
And we need retroactive to bank.
In my opinion, I think the credit crad is useful for us.
The reason is we can enjoy discounted services, it represents your identity.
Long time no see.
key universities in China.Being a university student,we shoud read plenty of books to broaden our horizens.
and develop our potentials.
My opinions are as follows.
machine one day.
so we must read a large range of books.
thoven, you will experience his ambitions.
Besides, as we all know,current society is full of money and computers.Thus,we should scan some books about economy and computer technology.
Above all,we should choose books that interest us.In this way we can promote ourselves and make greater contribution to society.
If someone ask you to list your heroes, who would make the list ?Would it be sports figures , rock stars or actors ?Would it be the police, the fireman or the doctor ?Actually,each of us can choose to be a hero .As a proverb says "A hero is a man who does what he can ".
A hero can be an ordinary person ,he may also live in daily routine .But he would always help others when faced with problems .Then ,what makes people heroes ?A hero must have many great qualities.
I think the most important thing is the courage .Everyone has fear ,but heroes are those people who can overcome their fear and try their best to help others.
Second,he must be a kind-hearted person.
If he doesn't care about others' lives, he would never donate his own live to help others.
Last but not least, he must has the sense of justice.He'd like to make a contribution to the society.
If a person has those qualities, when some problems come, he would try his best to help others, Then we can call him a hero.
I am reminded of the story of the woman who had saved a little girl fallen off from a tall building, she was wounded in an arm, but saved a life.
Choose to become a hero is not a difficult thing, so long as you want, you can do it.
So we all can choose to be a hero.
Today was a great day!My mother and I decided to go to Beidaihe today.We wanted to take the train to the Beidaihe from six o'clock to nine o'clock.In the morning, we played games in the beach and it was interesting.The beach was very hot and the weather was sunny and hot.In the restaurant,we ate lunch.The food tasted great because I was hungry and tired.
Then we took quite a few photos for the Beidaihe.we go to Nandaihe by the sea.At five o'clock pm we went to school it was a really interesting and great day.
The new study show that more than one half of Chinese students have low motivation in studying.Collage students should have studied very hard.But in fact many collage students don't study hard as used to be.
What has caused the condition?I think there have something caused it.First,the examination-oriented education system plays an important role in it.As we all know,Chinese students had faced a lot pressure of enter a higher school before collage.But when they go to collage the pressure have reduced a lot.So they don't study hard.
When it comes to study, most collage students believe that they not should study hard,because the campus life is free.Second,collage students are facing great employment pressure.So that they pay more attention to find a part-time job.Third,influenced by the society,many students materialization of values.
In general,many factors have caused the condition.
On campus,many students are very poor in studying.The phenomenon is that most students think that University live is full of relaxing.College life is the day to participate in some activities, make many many friends, the academic record as long as I can do, take full credit before graduation is good, the library becomes a kind of decoration.
So I think we want to improve motivation to learn, they can conduct some learning fun quiz game, prize quiz event, reading section and so on.
Students interest in learning, improve their curiosity, enthusiasm for learning and therefore improve.
Expectations are something that you believe in a person is capable of doing something.
Labeling means that in your opinion, a person is what you think him/her should be.
I'm for the argument that expectations and labeling play a key role in a person's upbringing.
There was a study, the teacher in the study was deceived that the students in his class were all gifted and he believed it.
Therefore, he had high expectations to his students and told them they could do the best in one way or another.
At the end of the term, the students did made good jobs.
However, the students in reality were not unusual.
In the study, the students believed their teacher's expectations and labeling to them and made it.
In our daily life, we can have high expectations to ourselves and pin a good label on ourselves which may help us to make progress.
From ancient to modern time, every achievement cannot be created without a psychological quality - confidence, which is also an optimistic and positive attitude towards life.
First of all, please enter the line of sight of people.
It is noticeable that the rear seats are more often to be filled.
Because most people who occupy the rear seat are lack of confidence, fear of staying in the limelight.
So, when we sit forward, it is helpful for us to improve the self-confidence.
Then, please learn to face others.
Eyes do speak, don't face others usually shows that you feel very inferiority, feel guilty, etc...
Next, please learn to speak in public.
In the face of public speaking, many people will produce self denial.
In fact no matter what you say, unless you agree with yourself, then others could agree with you.
After that, please do faster.
Changing your posture and speed, then you can change the psychological condition.
As everyone knows, trust yourself or be defeated by the enemy.
Thus, the acts of the army are very strict, raising up your head and speeding up your pace, you will grow your confidence.
Finally, please do what you can do.
Every time finishing the task, your confidence will be stronger.
So We don't need a task which is difficult but unrealistic to prove yourself, but just any work we can do.
After all,if we get these skills without practicing, you won't achieve the self-confidence, too.
Every man has his gift.
In my viewpoints , I don't think it's an effective means of deterring crimes and it should be abolished .
There are many cruel means of capital punishment ,such as hanging ,shooting ,electrocution and lethal injection .
A lot of people consider that killing criminals brings us rewards and they must have believed there were benefits in it for us .
For instance, we are safer when a murderer is sentenced to death .
However,it is a tragic illusion that we can defend life by taking life .Everyone is born equal and has no rights to take away the other's life .therefore , the death penalty is the worst type of crime .
In addition, the men who are murderers mostly result from the outside nasty environment, such as financial problem , less education and lack of care of families .
So , we should give them a chance to turn over a now leaf.
Firstly,the government should support the poor families .Secondly,the social organizations and families should show their love to each other .Thirdly,everyone should be tolerant to reconcile himself to others when he gets hurt by chance .
With the efforts of all parts concerned , the death penalty will be abolish thoroughly and our life will be better.
We discussed a topic about whether we should keep animals in zoos in our English class this week.
Now, let me show some different opinions and thoughts which my classmates discussed.
About 40 percent of us agreed that we should keep animals in zoos.
First, they thought people could see different kinds of animals if we kept animals in zoos.
They thought this could let people learn more about animals and get along with animals well.
Besides, they thought animals can be taken care of well by animal keepers.
About 60 percent of us agreed that we shouldn't keep animals in zoos.
First, they thought animals enjoyed living in the wild.
What's more, they thought if we put them in a cage, they couldn't move around here and there.
In my opinion, I agreed that we shouldn't keep animals in zoos.
Although we can see some lovely animals we have never seen before, they lose their freedom.
They can't live a happy and free life.
In a word, I think we should let the animals live in the wild and build a nature reserve for them to live.
All of us should not pollute the environment and cut down a large number of trees.
We ought to give them a good environment to live in and let them live happily forever.
I think that went to the international school wasn't a bad choice I made.
At least, I had a good Christmas without school or homework this year.
On the morning of the Christmas day, I left the dormitory with my own clothes and I also wore an antler for decoration.
When I went to the classroom, I saw a big Christmas tree which was bought by Tiffany.
The windows were also painted with colorful chopsticks.
And there were many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree.
Oh, by the way, the beautiful classroom and the brightly Christmas tree were all settled by my classmates and me.
It was happy to see our work successed.
At around 8:45, we went to Happy Valley by bus.
At first we had party, played games and made cookies in the lobby of a hotel.
Then we had a Chinese style lunch.
After lunch we went to Happy Valley.
Happy Valley was a big amusement park.
And thanks God Christmas was on Thursday and there were not many people in Happy Valley.
Our class went to the amusement park with grade 11 and grade 12.
To be honest, I was not very interested in playing in the amusement park because I thought everything was dangerous.
And of course, every game in the amusement park was dangerous, except carousel.
Unluckly, the stuff told us that carousel was not open today.
So I walked and ate everything I could, I just couldn't believe I could eat such much food.
Finally we had pizza for dinner and got back to school at 6:30.
After changing our gifts, every one got a surprise from others.
I got a snow global with a santa in it which was very cute.
We are busy with studies from Monday to Friday Inschool.With the vacation coming,we have more free time to spend.As for me,i usually take exercise to keep fit,have entertainment to relax myself.When i am at home,i always do chores to help my parents.Reading is also very neccsery for me,it is very important to open our eyes.
Everyone has a dream.Some want to be doctors,others want to be scientists.My dream is to become a teacher.A good teacher can teach the students lot of knowledge.Ther are very great.They work day ang day.Wheny you have troubles in studying,they will try their best to help you.So I would like to be a teachr.I know it is not easy to be a teacher.But I am determined to study hard.I am sure my dream will be come true.
Along with development of societySociety need more ana more different talents.But a lots of works does not have satisfactory treatment.The civil servant give this peoson hopes.So more and more peoson want to take civil service examination.
On this issue , different people have different views.Some people think this phenomenon can help government get better talents.It will make our government help people do more and more good things.But others people think this phenomenon will make more and more people do not care they work, them spent too much attention to this phenomenon.It will influence of social development, it will make our life worse.
As far as I am concerned, I think this phenomenon really lnfluence some people to choice of employment.Because civil servant treatment was better than other companys,and civil servant was more and more stable operation than other companys.It does not support the social development.
Some classmates thought that high school students should get online frequently.I agree with them.We thought that we can learn more knowledge and broaden our horizons by getting online.We can talk with their friends and share some interesting things with them.When we want to relax,we also get online so that we can have fun.
Some classmates thought that high school students shouldn't get online frequently.Because it's does harm to our eyes if we spend too much time getting online.They thought that students may spend too much time chatting and playing games online.It waste a lot of time and energy.
I think that getting online is good for us.But we shouldn't spend too much time on it.Getting online can help us with our study and bring us happiness if we use it correctly.
Some people think that reading to be selective.
As to read some interesting books.SO wo save a lot of time.Each person choose is not the same book.Only chooseed book will be useful for their help.
It's common for students to study abroad in recent years.
There are some different opinions as follows.
First,it is no doubt that it provides a comfortable environment to study language better.
Then go abroad means we can go to a place where we are no familiar with,which can let us expand our views and experience.
There is a mass of advanced technology to study.
Finally,we can make local friends to develop our friendship between us and other countries.
But nothing is perfect,we may be too young to live alone without rich experience in the life.
Our friends and family live far away from us which make us feel lonely and miss.
What's more the cost is too high for mostly family to afford.
My name is L. I am a 20-year-old boy, born and raised in L City, G Province.
Firstly, I shall talk about my name: "L" is my family name used to show the symbol of a big family and make offspring remember their ancestors; "y" means fortune in which my parent wish me that I can get over difficulties in life safely and successfully; and "z" is chosen from the middle of the name of China's great Leader Z, which means shining from the crowd and being kind to others.
I am currently a sophomore at Shandong Agricultural University, majoring in plant science and technology.
In the past semester, I have passed CET Band4 with a ease and I have acquired basic knowledge of plant especially the wheat both in theory and practice.
Besides, I have attended the SRT (Student Research Training) program in Agronomy College.
In my opinion through these scientific training, I shall have a deep understanding of my major.
Right now I guess you may be interested in what my plan is after graduation.
I would like to tell you that I prepare to take national entrance examination for post-graduate and I prefer to develop heading for English master.
Personally, I have enthusiastic interest in English, not just for the exams.
My dream is to be an English teacher in New Oriental School or be an interpreter in business trade.
I will work hard in these fields: writing, speaking, translating and listening.
Although I love English and work hard on it, I also don't give up my first specialized courses.
I believe that all I need now is accumulation.
I will spare no efforts to acquire new and useful knowledge.
I cannot describe my character well, but I know I am optimistic and confident.
Sometimes I prefer to stay alone, listening to music, fantasizing my fortune.
Maybe the personality is related to my blood type B and Sagittarius, but I am not lonely, I like to chat with my friends, almost about everything.
Also I have a sense of humor, so people think that I am easy-going.
My favorite pastime is watching American or British TV series.
Through college life, I learn how to balance study and entertainment.
However, actually no one is perfect, I am no exception.
My biggest problem is self-centeredness.
I like dealing with problems on my own, ignoring the importance of a big team.
In modern society, we need to cooperate with each other when we want to resolve problems successfully.
So, in some big cases, I need to share my experience with others, only in this way can I gain many things I never come up with myself.
A novel called "Mericans"shows some people who born in Mexico but live in America.
They must grasp two cultures.Nevertheless, most people will be accustomed to a culture.
In 1991, the elderly and young people have great differences on cultural concept.
The elder retained deep traditional outlooks of Mexico and believed in religion.
They found it difficult to adapt to the American culture.
Instead, young people can adapt and change easier than the elder.
They played all kinds of American games like toy car and doll in their childhood, thus, causing the gap of culture between Mexico and America.
Michelle mentioned in her story: "we're waiting for the awful grandmother who is inside dropping pesos into la ofrenda box before the altar to La Divina Providencia.
Blessing herself and kissing her thumb.
Running a crystal rosary between her fingers.
Mumbling,mumbling,mumbling."(p71).
Grandmother and granddaughter treat religious culture are completely opposite.
Grandmother was a payer and believed in god.
But Michelle didn't approve of grandmother's religion and was shocked by this behavior.
Einstein said, science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
It tells us that we cannot follow religion blindly.
In 1600, Giordano Bruno who advocated science but against religion, finally, he was killed.
At that time, people did not pay more attention to the development of science.
Instead, most people believes the science of truth, but they ignores religion now.
High and new technology brought great convenience to human, the environment problems also let us pay a heavy price, causing a huge impact on spirit and ethics of people.
So the science and religion are indispensable.
Like Michelle, she had been lived and studied in USA for several years.
She did not like conservative religious and wanted to adopt a scientific attitude towards religious.
Therefore, religion and science should supplement each other and develop together.
Cultural differences can be seen almost everywhere.
A film called "Walk in the Clouds" illustrates the conflict of cultural concept between American and Mexico.
In the play, Victoria was raised in Mexico.
Paul comes from USA.
When Paul heard it, he was very surprised and couldn't understand the autocratic style.
Their conversation reflects the cultural differences.
During intercultural communication, cultural conflict is unavoidable.
When we are faced with cultural differences, we should pay more attention to the differences in values and overcome our anxiety.
We try to clear up misunderstanding.
Moreover, we should improving cultural appreciation ability.
In foreign countries, we have to obey the customs and respect the cultures.
Of course, cultural conflicts are inevitable.
So communication and understanding is very vital for us.
Only in this way can we promote intercultural communication and understanding.
Nowadays, the different cultural values are not only reflected between country and country, but also the culture gap between people.
In Michelle's childhood, grandmother called her name in Spanish, but her two elder brothers called her in the American way.
That's because the cultural values are different between the old and the young which gave rise to this situation.
Grandma still remain the Mexican culture and her habits are difficult to change into America.
However, her brothers accepted USA education.
They gradually acculturated to the American culture and new ideas.
As far as I'm concerned, sometimes we try to grasp the concept of culture.
Meanwhile, we are accustomed to our own traditional culture and lifestyle.
We have a hard time trowing it away.
The countrymen's cultural concepts are entirely different with the oppidans.
For instance, Some rural women stay at home to take care of the kid, while men go out to make money.
By contrast, the majority of urban women prefer to work outside the home.
They reckon all of their families can lead a happier lives.
So different people have different cultural concepts.
For them ,these concepts are deeply ingrained.
On the other hand, cultural differences among people will increase the communication complexity and become more difficult.
People have subtle influence by environment effects in certain cultural atmosphere and cultural activities.
Such as parents and kids.
They are living in different environment, the cultural level and ideas are entirely different.
So they have a generation gap.
At present, most of the children prefer some novels, such as tiny times, glorious day and so on.
In their mind, the novels are stimulus as well as improve their literary attainments.
But, parents will persuade their kids to read some educational book or masterpiece.They think these books have the significance of education and have great help for composition.
In this case, first of all, we should communicate with others more and more,respect and understand other people's view of culture.
Then, having a family party,make old people realize young people are growing up in a new modern way.It is easy for them to accept young people's habits and hobbies.
Last, we need to learn from other person's outstanding cultural view .We should accept other correct and reasonable part ,give up our own prejudices.
So that we can reduce conflicts and live together in peace.
As the famous saying goes, any culture outline, in different people's eyes are likely to be a different picture.
There is no doubt that cultural differences exist in every corner.
And cultural differences are inevitable.
Therefore, we need to treat our own culture correctly and respect other people's cultures.
At the same time, because of the existence of cultural differences, every country, every nation and every person have their own characteristic.
Athletics is extremely important in my life.My favourite sport is playing basketball.Playing basketball can make me full of competitiveness.
It not only assist me to build my body but also assists me to make friends with others.
In the match we appreciate each other and get on very well.Playing basketball can make team concept and have a good time.
to play basketball and I think this is why American can create NBA.
So I like play basketball with my friends, it makes me favourable and Make I uppercase think Basketball can change a person's character.
When it came to the author that he must lose his weight, difficultly but astonishing, insisting on exercise every day, finally getting his weight lost and starting a new life.
None of us can really succeed without a determination.
No matter how tough the difficulty is in front you, facing it with confidence and never losing your heart can be worthy of trying.
Confidently having a text with little review, as everyone expected, unfortunately lose the battle in the end that I learned it the only way to success was just study harder and harder every day.
At best, with constantly effort put into study, my score was improved.
Not once do I really want to give up but eventually continue to work and own my success.
To shed light on how we can overcome the hardship that considered impossible, we ought to owe it to the importance of insistence we are used to attaching to the difficulty.
So, let's start to face the hardship and insist on the fight against it.
Recently received a real network of hot debate.
netwotk real-name became a hot topic in people's daily life.It's discussed in somewhere.
Everyone has a different opinion.
information.Everyone's opinion is different.
Real-name have a lot of advantages and disadvantages .Advantage,It's in favour of communication.In that real-name make each other no barriers,and can close the distance.Though didn't see each other ,feel very warm .This is a sign of respect for others.This also is a kind of trust .It's the lack of today's society.
Nowadays people hardly have time out of home.They are nearly work all day.Rarely has time to get along with others.
The real- name system is to give them the platform to get along with others.
Disadvantage, it is not safety .It mke a lot of people be deceived.
Some people with others on the information on criminal behaivior.For example,the ID number is stolen.
life is full of happinesss and vitality.
This year is the 70 anniversary of the victory of the war of resistance.So this year, the National Day is also particularly meaningful.From small to large, I want to see the Chinese capital, Beijing.Because it have places of historic interest and scenic beauty.
The first day.I went to the Beijing zoo.I saw the kangaroos,giraffes,zebra,golden monkey...and there are have all kinds of birds.The most lovely or China's national treasure panda.The zoo's people are very many, but they are very orderly.
The second day.I went to the Great Hall of the people.Mr.
Sun Zhongshan's picture was left in the square after the parade.To Tiananmen I saw a lot of people to salute the flag.I am proud of my country.
On the third day.I visited Peking University and Tsinghua University.Beautiful environment, advanced equipment.Out of the number of people who have contributed to the country.Deng Jiaxian, modern Chinese mathematician Hua Luogeng,Ji Xianlin...
This is my holiday.This trip made me see a lot of it.Today, bathed in golden sunshine, the face of a gentle breeze blowing warm, our country step by step towards prosperity, war era has not return.
However, we should not forget the glorious history of the war that can not forget, today in the 70th anniversary of the victory of the war, we should firmly remember flag is red with the blood of the martyrs, defend the motherland, we must study hard, grow up to become the motherland pillars for the construction of the motherland, to defend the motherland sacrifice their own everything.
My university has a new campus in Huaian.
we are the first students syudy on this campus,and it is in built.The campus is small and has some probiem need to slove.such as it's study buliding is too little and it has no gym to playing in.This campus built in the university town,so after class there has a few things to play with our friends.But the camups is being built,and the Huaiai goverment is plant to buil some hstores in the university town to improve the life of the university students.And my university will built as a big and beautiful campuin the earlier feature.Finlly I believe that the new H university town will be better under the built of the governent.
I used to look forward to the Spring Festival because of the delicious food.But now it different.I don't expect so.I want to have Spring Festival now because I can get together with my grandparents.Although it isn't something difficult,my granny often cooks many kinds of food and waits for me.She is happy to see her grandaughter safe and sound.
Not only my granny,but also many parents or family members look forwards the birdnesting.They are happy to see their children or grandchildren grow up.
That's all I know about the local customs and practices.How about Chinese traditional food?
The most famous and popular of all is "jiaozi".They're called dumplings in English.During Spring Festival,every family makes dumplings and eats them.It's also tradition in China.
Then,when Chinese people finish eating dumplings,they will sit together,waiting for a TV program called"chunwan".It's a program like a large show for celebrating the Spring Festival.It's often very interesting.
And when it's 0 o'clock,everyone shout and dance for the Chinese New Year's coming.They explode fireworks and be excited to see the beauty.
That's my opinion of the Spring Festival.What about you?
I think that parrots make the best pets.
It is wonderful for us to keep a parrot.
First, parrots can live for up to 50 years so that they can make you happy for many years.
Second, it is very easy for parrots to repond your spirits.
For example, they can bring you happiness.
As a result, if you feel sad, you can play with it , and you will be happy soon.
Third, parrots are so clever that they can say what you teach them.
You will be very surprise and feel proud of yourself when you hear them saying something you teach.
What's more, parrots are not only clever but also beautiful.
It is comfortable for you to hold a parrot on your hands.
And you can only spend a little time in feeding them because they do not eat a large amount of food.
Last, they will be friendly to their host.
In my opinion, it is a good idea to keep a pet parrot.
I'm L and I was arrived at my home just now.Initially,I would thank your family for taking care of me in that period that I study in American Meddle school.
Unfortinite,I can't find my English dictionary when I tidy my bag.It's really vital for me on account of it is be given from my favourite teacher.And it can't buyin China.I remmember the dictionary iwas been lost on book shelf in your house bedroom.can you send it to me?I would very appraciate it if you do it and I'll pay all postage.
Fianilly,I wish your have a fine emotion every day.
Nowadays many people suffer much pressure form they work and life.
They always choice to travel to relaxed themselves.
I prefer to travel by myself.
In my opinion travel along can do many things that travel with companion cannot do.
In the first place when you arrive at the beautiful spot and you want to stay one or two days to experience there but you have to follow the plan that companion do for you group, it will be very unhappy thing but in a solo travel you can make you own decision to do something, you are the decision maker.
In the second place you can become more assertive, traveling along you will face many problems you have to conquer it, you can do many decisions that you had ever made.
In the third place you can meet a lot of different people it can develop the ability to make friends.
You must overcome any shyness you may have in order to meet other people.
Also it is an opportunity to travel independently and experience total freedom.
You can put everything out of you mind and just enjoy the trip.
In the fourth place, solo adventure can forces you to tackle that language barrier.
It is a great chance to increasing your linguistics.
Finally in a solo adventure you will learn a lot about yourself as an individual.
All in all traveling along can experience many thing that companion cannot do for you, you can develop the ability to do almost everything.
That's why I prefer traveling along.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming more and more popular in recent years.As a result ,more and more people concentrate on the lifestyle.There are mang reasons that contribute to SOHO lifestyle .First of all ,the access to the Internet enables people to work at home because of the development of science and technology.Secondly,people can have a well-balanced life by taking good care of both their jobs and their families which can give them a sense of safety.What's more ,people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisors .Finally ,SOHO lifestyle bring us more freedom and convenience.In conclusion,SOHO lifestyle is a good lifestyle.
I think it is because of interest.
Even if have big difficulty can also stick to it, which because you like.
I know a lot of sportsmen.
Kobe Bryant makes a deep impression on me.
When he was a boy, his favourite sport was basketball.
In his spare time, he plays basketball with friends.
As a member of NBA in1996.
So far, he is still a great player.
In a word, the interest is our biggest motivation.
So, we should develop our own hobbies.
My teacher told me"Do you want to do will be fine".
I have a dream,My English is no good,so,I want to learn English well in two year in college.In the past I was a very lazy,Now,I am very diligent in order to dream.
Firstly,interest is the best teacher.I want to improve my interest in English.Back some words everyday and will not make students teach me.Secondly,I will hear some about English articles and watch some TV dream to improve my speaking and listening.The last,practice make perfect.I need more practice English.Nothing would be difficult with practice.I can see the word everyday before go to sleep.I believe I'll soon remember.
All in all,there is no fast way to learn English well,except work hard.I believe I will master English soon.
l believe the curiosity is vatally important in life.its influence and contribution are significant.so,we should develop the curiosity everyday.
To develoop the curiosity,First, We should hold the ourselves views toughly ranther than chase others steps.Second,it is important to us to consider the minute questions deeply.Finally,we must be confident.
The curiosity is born of our birth,nobady can ont limit it.Curiosity can maintain patience.l believe that more or less we demand patience to master something.Curiosity plays an important roles in life.
The curiosity is the sourse of the creativity.curiosity can be a driving force to motivate us.For example,l can relate to my private experience.
In conclusion,curiosity is inevitable.
When I go back to the college that I gratuated three years ago,I can not find a friend to chat.Therefore I am very lonely.
One day I went to tain station,somebody called my name and I found one of my classmate who came frome HeNan province.
We chatt together about may things,such as ,cultuer and customs of one's hometown.
Little by little,we become good friend.In sparetime, we often play badminton and go shopping.Now I found her is my best friend.
Icreasing people found the important of friendship.For one thing,we need the help when we come across the roadblock.
For another ,friendship is the catalyst of our daily life.in a words,friendship is like wine--the older the better.
I went to Mount Yunmen when last week.
When I arrived, the weather was clouding.
The sky was becoming grey.
Suddenly, the clouds cleared.
The sun rose behind me.
I was smelling fresh air and I was looking many kinds of trees and lots of birds.
I did have a picnic and take photos.
Mount Yunmen is located in qingzhou of shandong province.
It was about 421 metres deep.
It was famous for Shou word.
It was about 7.5 metres high and 3.7 metres wide.
I felt The Mount Yunmen is the greatest wonder of shandong province.
As summer comes, more and more girls are going to make a plan to lose weight.
Maybe the way bellowed what I have experienced can help you.
The first step is making a recipe about losing weight, which can include food, fruit, even water.
When you make the recipes you can base on what you like to eat.
But every kind of what you like just can be included attentively.
Some hot food and drink cannot come in the recipe such as cholocate, coffee, hamburger.
One more thing, there is a ruler that everyday one person should drink 1000ml water.
From my experience, it is a good way to achieve your aim.
The second step is keeping doing exercise.
If you just follow the recipe, you may near success a step away.
Once you do some exercise after supper, the effect of your losing weight would become more and more obvious.
As we all know, some girls like lying on the bed with eating some food and watching movie.
Therefore, the time after supper is the best chance to gain weight quickly.
On the other hand, it is also the best chance to lose weight.
If you can keep doing some exercise at that period of time, the chance can be caught by you.
The last step is keeping what mentioned-above.
It is the easy but hard step.
Because the former habit has been kept for many years.
Once it is broke out, the person will not used to the new one.
To a great degree, keeping the way of losing weight needs patient and courage.
The way to lose weight is just made from my own experience.
I hope it can benefit you.
Nowadays the internet is very important in our life.
The people always use internet to communicate each other.
To begin with,people in online chat on QQ,MSN and also send micro blog.However,increase of interpersonal relationship.
In addition to that,the internet will change the relationship between every person.Through their contact and dialgue they get the email and send email in free time.Interpersonal communication so that every online games are very happy.
Last, in the network it eased people of the burden and save money.The internet can open many activities to encourge people to use.
Let people follow the fashion.
Today, although the network is virtual,but it give us a lot of space.
Whether learning or life, we all can not leave the internet.For there we can exchange.
Nowadays, students have more and more pocket money.
However, this also led to the phenomenon of unreasonable spending more and more serious.
From the survey, we can see that about 45 percent of junior students and 30 percent of senior students spend most of their pocket money on books.
About 30 percent of junior students and 50 percent of senior students prefer to spend money on snacks.
What's more, the high school students use considerably money on computer games.
At the same time, there is some pocket money used in clothes and sports goods.
As far as I' m concerned, eating a lot of snacks not only waste money but also put our weight which will do harm to our health.
Meanwhile, if we play games without limiting, we will lose much precious time and be addicted to it which affects our study.
We need to know the hardships of making money so that we can use our pocket money reasonably.
Nowadays more and more people around the world are learning English, even excellent English.
So, I am no exception.
Excellent English behaves in listening, speaking, reading and writing.
If you are good at listening, speaking,reading and writing, your English will be excellent.
Here is my road to excellent English for some way.
To begin with, I do morning reading every day, I often read words and articles.
I think that reading passages can improve my sense of language, which helps me to comprehension.
I also write passages and do exercise when I have spare time.
Next, I will read English magazines to enlarge my vocabulary, extract and recite beautiful sentences.
When I am writing, I will use it.
Finally, I think that watch English movies and listen to English music are good ways to learn English.
I will listen to English news on VOA and BBC.
When I communicate with others, I always speak English, so that I can improve my English level.
When my classmates are free, I read passages to them, let them correct my mistakes in reading.
In a word, in my opinion, excellent English depends on ourselves.
I find a way that connects listening with speaking, reading and writing.
A good way you find out, you can also study English well.
It was created sensation that YaojiaXin killed a young woman on 20th,Oct,2010.Yaojiaxin,who is the student of the Music College at Xi'an University,injured three people and a young woman was stabbed .The families of accident victim screamed for YaojiaXin must be sentenced to death.However,the classmates,neighbours,counsel and five professors appeal to petitioning YaojiaXin for decency.
Perhaps it's said that a life for life,that's very fair.But it's essential that some people depend on the rule of law,doing it above the law.What's the reason of YaojiaXin's murder?Only afraid of being sold by his father,he was not aiming at the victim,but he was completely repressed by his father for a long time to have an instinctive behavior of compressive.YaojiaXin is also a victim as a matter of fact.
Whereas the victim husband WangHui said,"I insist on that Yao should be punished for murder,not only for paying with life,but also explain to peasant masses and national people".As he side,the motive of he doing so is not for himself but the national people?
Why can he stand for the national people?So an old saying"Kiss and tell".If YaojiaXin did not say peasant though,you didn't require a sentence of death for him,did not you?
Then how did these ones,who hang out the huge poster to celebrate YaojiaXin to be sentence death think?They may tell you it's a victory for law.
Another example is that MajiaJue killed people just because of some conflict.As a result, he set foot on the corner,like a hurted hedgehog encasing itself immediately.These people are really selfish and inferiority,putting on the flag of defensing the law to cover up fragility in the mind,and protect their profit without being existed to ignore everything and outmatch above the law.
Yao's event is a social tragedy.It's not an isolated incident and indicates that system and society occur some "Neurotic disorders".If some problems happened about the law,it would tear up the social moral and human relations.The power's disorder would make society crazy.
The other hand, this reflects a social and psychological.The court ought to be loyal to the law rather than pressure from public opinion.
Although it seems that make victims feel relieved for this sentence to death,the spectators tremble with fear.Thus where is the humanity,where is the social advance and where is the true feelings of a human world?
Currently, numerous developing countries are increasingly expanding their tourist industries, such as China, some countries of South-Africa etc.
In my opinion, the priority consideration is to promote the financial income for the governments.
Apart from that, the measure may enhance international communication.
Obviously, it is a positive development.
Firstly, compared with developed countries developing countries have less resource of scientific and commercial to make a good economy.
So they should explore their advantage industries, such as using abundant natural scenery.
The developing countries are expanding their tourist industries, which may promote economic income.
For example, the government explored a number of gorgeous landscape and established some theme parks or special local spots, where entrance ticks and reference tourist fees can achieve several trillion in tourist industries every year.
Additionally, that may provide a lot of jobs for citizen.
Both reasons enable individuals to have a better life, which are prime reasons.
In addition cause is that local culture can be popularized to the other places even overseas.
Domestic and overseas visitors spread their cultures and terrific sights what they have seen.
It makes the scenery and the country be known.
Also, it promotes the communication of countries.
And it spreads local traditional culture.
For instance, Lijiang city, Yunnan province in China, there are a lot of outstanding landscape, where interesting is living habits of Minority Group, their dressing style, conventional ceremonies and their special diets.
If local government had not developed the tourist there, people wouldn't have known the local cultures widely.
To sum up, developing the tourist industries is a benefit development in developing countries.
Recently, according to a survey , there are only 12 percent people obtaining news through the newspaper.
As we all know that the television has embraced around the globe nowadays and there are 72 percent people obtaining news through the TV .Because it has advantages for example a great quantity of information, convenient and cheap.
But the newspaper can remedy many disadvantages of television .
The newspaper usually would give a more careful and deeper analysis for an issue and we can scan the news at any time .We have more time to think deeply when we glance over the newspaper, in this way we can improve our intelligence .So the internet have many irreplaceable strong points than TV .
Nothing is completely perfect, these media have essential specialties , their existence are all necessary.
But in my opinion ,the newspaper is a better source of news for it's unique characters .
First,you should dress nealthy and cleanly,as we all know staffs can represent the company's impression.
Immediately they will see you as warm and approachable.
Also if you give someone a smile, it will be difficult for that person not to smile back.
This releases pleasure-causing hormones in their own brain, so they will relate those feelings to you.
Thirdly,Pay attention to what the other person says, and use body language to show that you are interested.
Stand facing them, without crossing your arms in front of you.
Fourthly,Ask questions.
People love to talk about themselves, so ask about their job, family, car, whatever comes up.
All above are my main point to a successful interview,twill benific you if you can do as that .
Something in autumn is extremely beautiful and peaceful.
For example, maples, wheat, corn and withered leaves.
They are most beautiful things before winter comes.
Day by day, birds leave from here one by one, trees corrupt one by one, leaves wizen one after another.
All the things look like to die to fast, but they show quiet and beauty of their lives finally to tell us what life they have.
Nonetheless human's lives are greater than plants.
There are many interesting and rewarding activities before winter comes.
At most university, there is track and field game had started before winter comes.
At the time of before everything sleep, we intend to try our best to play at the game.
About projects, for instance, long jump, high jump, the triple jump, century sprint and more projects.
However we tired, we never regret playing the game that spends all our competitiveness, it's not only expression of our minds, but it also is expression of lives.
Our lives still active and energetic before winter comes, our minds still positive before winter comes.
In today's society,the most indispensable is conscience.
What is conscience?Is to do good,to do to get youself,to get other people's things,want to have and share posture,want to have the spirit of willing to serve others.Man with a conscience will be from your life reflected,and the things you do must be for your future life influence.
Life cannot without moral standards,so we have the conscience.A person's lifetime will experience a lot of things,get a lot,also will lose a lot,but we can never discard is conscience.A man has no conscience will be spared by social,like WenQiang.A enterprise has no liability will must ruin,like SanLu milk ponder.
system.And finally lead to nation will nation,home will not be home.
We cannot afford to lose the conscience.
Recently, I found a very serious problem.
First, One day, my classmates and I take the bus to downtown.
We are happy to go out, but when we go to the bus station car, found next to a garbage can which has a bad smell.This phenomenon exists generally in the whole of Z. I hope the mayor to urge the relevant Executive director to deal with this matter .
Second.Our school is located in the urban area,but In the south of the school has a pesticide factory, It is not only the pollution of the local environment, our health is also affected by the pesticide factory.
Apparently, pesticide factory is Improper.
I hope the mayor to take measures to solve this problem.
You can close it, also can transfer it to the suburbs.
Finally, I wish Mr. Mayor meets a college student little request.
Wish Yangzhou city more beautiful.
What the picture reflects is a common phenomenon in China.
It demonstrates a man live in a very small dwelling.
We usually call them the shut-in person.
Their living environment is not so good.
And always has little furniture in their house.
But they need computer, telephone and also some kinds of book.
In the aspect of eating, they often eat outside order.
The reason of shut-in person is just because housing price is more and more high year by year.
Many graduates can not afford the high housing price.
They pay less and their families usually not wealthy.
They are difficult to live in large cities.
So some people think this way of life is not really worthy.
But on the other hand, also some people take the opposite opinion.
As far as I can see, this is the way to success.
Shut-in can make us more hard work and love our life further.
And maybe it can let's us think what we really want.
But in order to change this situation, need ours and the society make joint efforts.
First, government can take measures to confine the housing price.
Second, we can change the attitude to our life.
In the word, the life is better, although the real unhappy.
Almost all participants who join the group aim for acquainting others and themselves, though obviously they feel not natural.
First, they wear masks and convey actual emotions carefully.
By degrees, member sincerely communicates with each others whose responses to his real feelings are opposition to his negative anticipations.
As a result, participant establishes more intimate relationship with other members than with his families.
To sum up, persons who attend this group know themselves and other members better than they do in the common situations and their skills of communication in the ordinary situation are also improved later.
Nowadays,it has become a fashion to shopping online.Compared to buy in stones,shopping online has a lot of advantages.
For example,it is extremely convenient and comfortable for us that people don't waste a lot of time on shopping to select every kind of shops that they like.This is especially convenient to the person whom is the old and the sick and the busy they can't go to the shops.
All they need to do that is to sit in front of the computer to click the mouse.The commodities they order to deliverer to them.
Besides these,shopping online is also cheaper and more colorful to us,we can choose what we want.
Just as every sword has two blades.One disadvantage is that the consumers can't see the goods,or try them on personally.Sometimes ,the real goods may not be the same as what they have seen on the internet are not registered and they are never deliver anything to you after they get the money form you.
Personally,l think that we shopping on the internet should observe the production,identify true and false and on the internet and reasonable in the face of the advantages and disadvantages of online shopping.
My dreaming destination is Switzerland,one of developed European councries.
Switzerland is located in central Europe,covering an area of 41000 square kilometres.The capital city of Swizerland is Berne.Geneva,a famous country in the world is also in Switzerland.Austria,France and Italy is neighbouring country of Switzerland.
On the other hand,Switzerland has beautiful scenery so that it is known as "The garden of the world".It is generally agreed that Switzerland is a develop country.Not only economy but also the watch industry,Chemistry and the food industry are advanced.
In a word,Switzerland is a wonderful country as well as my dreaming destination.
I am writing this letter to strongly recommend you a movie I have recently watched.
This is a French movie called "the Choir" (Les Choristes), and I can not wait to share it with you.
The moving touches me greatly first because of its heart-warming plot.
It talks about a salvation story set in 1930s in a country school where a teacher, Clement Mathieu, changed the fate of a group of rebellious children through music.
The theme conveyed by this movie is love, hope and forgiveness, and while watching it my heart was truly filled up with these positive emotions.
Another highlight of this movie is its beautiful background music.
I can not find a more enjoyable thing than listening to the pure and heavenly sound of children's choir.
I have always known that we have similar taste for movie, so I strongly recommend you watch it and I believe it will touch your heart as it has mine.
Everyone has his favorite sport, and the reason he likes was also different, such as it can keep fit or it can support you P.E.
exams.
I like swimming, because it can bring me lots of fun.
When I was seven years old, my mother asked me to join a swimming class, but at that time, I thought I would fall in danger of my carelessness, so I didn't like it at all.
Nevertheless after a few years, I found how swimming is interesting.
I discovered another world when I was in the water, a beautiful world.
So since then, every Sunday afternoon I go swimming with my mother.
I will never give up swimming forever.
That's why I love swimming.
Swimming is my favorite sport.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher,Mr Green.Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
My favourite teacher is the one who teaches us physics.The reason why I like her classes is that she has her own special teaching method and it's said that she has just had a baby.She is always enthusiastic even crazy in physics classes,as a result,our physics classes are usually active.I think she really like teaching.Once I was doing a experiment,and during the experiment I got some problems but I didn't know how to deal with them,so I could only think without doing anything.At the moment my physics teacher,Mrs Guo,noticed me.She walked to me,asking me whether I had got some problems then helped me with it very patiently.After that,I began to think her as a kindly young teacher.
That's all about my favourite teacher,and I am looking forward to hearing from you.
With the development of our cour-try,civil services more and more popular.
Expert analyse said that the civil service exam hot is a result of the rise in the number of graduates since 2008 and a limited number of jobs,with the graduated students more and more,many universities graduated students have a difficult in finding a good job.So many graduated students choose to participate in the civil service exam.
Many graduated students choice civil service exam have a lot of reasons.Firstly,civil services are a stable job and has a steady income.Secondly,civil services have a good environment in the job.Thirdly,civil services have a good reputation and has a little pressure in the job.So civil service exam more and more popular.
As the result of the civil services has many advantages,so more and more university graduates will choose to participate in the civil service exam in the future.
Democracy affects a lot of people and countries all over the world.
The equality is people and countries try to get.
Equality is not only in material but also in soul, as male and female, white and black.
Actually, the power, class and level prevent us from equality.
The income gap is becoming larger.
Everyone's income is different because of different jobs.
But the gap is too large.
People with high income can buy houses, expensive clothes and enjoy life.
On the other hand, the low income just can keep food and clothing.
This is inequality.
Opportunity does not favor only the prepared mind.
For example, you have many certificates and graduated from first level university.
You also work hard in a company.
You have been there for several years.
However, there is someone get promotion who is new in company.
He/She is not outstanding but has background in company.
You feel inequality and disappointed.
But this is the cruel life.
You have no choice but to tolerant if you want to continue staying at company.
Not in life, it is the same in nature.
The human are making progress all the time.
We create the wealth, like wring words, machines, cultures and customs.
But the truth is that we cut the trees as fuel; we build factories to pollute environment; we hunt wild animals to make money.
Nobody cares whether the nature is willing to be destroyed.
The natural resources are limited.
If we continue to do this, it is inequality for the nature and our offspring.
In my opinion, inequality is common everywhere.
But in recent decades, with the progress of modern society, we are nearing equality.
It is impossible to get absolute equality.
Male and female are different in physical.
The history made the inequality between the white and the black.
We can not control all of them.
We have to understand equality, not just in income, wealth, opportunity.
We share the same rights in law.
We can make more income, wealth, opportunity by working hard.
We have to respect others and the nature.
Equality is available in the future.
Nowadays, every job has own dressing because it can stand for your job.
As the saying goes "three looks, seven dressing.
", so, it is important for us to dress up.
There are many reasons about the importance of the work suits.
First of all, attitude, dressing can explain you are paying more attention to job.
Finally, professional spirit, as a staff, it is necessary for us to have a kind of professional spirit.
In my opinion, dressing about work is very important because it will let everyone know what job you work.
It stands for your position.
In short, dressing about work is better than dress casually.
Recently,the issue of the development of technology and traditional cultures has been brought into focus.Some people hold that with the development of technology the traditional will be lost.
Others, however, hold that traditional cultures will make great progress in the future.
As far as I am concerned,I am in favor of the second view.
Generally,the strong point can be as follows.First, the development of technology is vital to promote the progress of technology.We can use products of technology to develop traditional cultures,spreading Traditional cultures from Internet,printing Traditional cultures tales by typewriter, watching Beijing opera from TV sets.
Secondly,traditional cultures are very important for human beings.
Traditional cultures are passed from our ancestors to us,including much valuable immaterial wealth.People can benefit from them.For example,during our traditional festivals,we can do some interesting things such as eating glue pudding at Lantern Festival, touching off the firecracker on Spring Festival.All of us are very happy during traditional festivals.We cannot imagine what our life will be if traditional cultures are lost.
To conclude,with the development of technology traditional cultures will not be lost,on the contrary it will make more advance in the future.It will act as more important part in our life.
So there may just be some changes in our lifestyle or our attitudes towards life, but little change occurs to some fundamental aspects of our traditional culture that people still treasure in heart.
The traditional culture will never be lost, I believe.
As is known to all that the good education is very important to us.
The good education not only help the student learn more but also let us be able to make better decisions in life.
A good education make us know that how to perfect oneself, what should you do, what should not you do.
If you have a good education, I think you can do a good jody in the future, so a good education is essential one will be able to obtain higher paying and respected careers with a good education.
In a word, a good education is very important to us.
Hello ,my name is Z .I'm a confident gril .My hometown is U province .I'm fourth baby ofmy parents ,l have two brother and one sister,they love me very much.My favorite subject is Chinese and biology .I like to play basketball but not good at it.On weekend,Ioften go out have fun with my best friend or myself.My dream is become a successes women and make enough money to give my parents a good life.Additionally, l very excited tabout my college ,.ln college l will learn many things .lt will be interest,have many chance to test my ability.l think one one could take placeme.
Nowadays,many kinds of TV PK shows attracts more and more young people devoted themselves in.Some even dropped out of school to pursue their dream that to become a star.They are dreaming a beautiful dream.
This phenomenon lead to many kinds of attentions.There are quite a number of people who think that these TV shows should be forbidden or change the form.They also say that what a good TV show do is to let people learn something and then try to perfect themselves instead of misleading young people do what they should not have done.Nevertheless,it is just the opposite that some people think these are good stages for young people to show themselves.
In my opinion,I do not really like these shows for too many young people are addicted to these.They can put away their parents ,their classmates,even their whole family to achieve their so-called star dreams.So, I think young people should be more wise.
It is probably easier for teachers than for students to appreciate the reasons why learning English seems to become increasingly difficult once the basic structures and patterns of the language have been understood.
Students are naturally surprised and disappointed to discover that a process which ought to become simpler does not appear to do so.
It is hard to convince them that they are still making progress towards fluency and that their English is certain to improve, given time and dedication.
In such circumstances it is hardly surprising that some give up in disgust, while others still wait hopefully for the teacher to give them the same confident guidance he was able to offer them at first.
One can suggest that students should spend two or three years in an English-speaking country, which amounts to washing one's hands of them.
It's no good thinking that anything will do, or that all language is useful.
It's no good relying on students to express themselves without the right tools for expression.
It's still your duty to choose the best path to follow near the top of the mountain just as it was to propose a practicable short-cut away from the beaten track in the foothills.
And if the path you choose is too overgrown to make further progress, the whole party will have to go back and you will have to choose another route.
You are still the paid guide and expert and there is a way to the top somewhere.
We all realize that language communication is extremely crucial between people.Nonetheless we cannot ignore the importance of body language.
As behavioral sciences develop,researchers find the importance of speech has been over estimated.In many cases,We do use body language to communicate with others.Perhaps each of us the unconscious body language may be someone to judge our way.
In some case,In terms of people sit down in peace and quiet.You can know the body language they are using.In reality,We communicate a great deal of our bodies,By the way we move,sit,stand and what we do with our hands and heads.
Therefore,all the time we should pay attention to our behavior of body language.In order to leave a good impression to each other.
In my future I think something is difference from now.Such as build cultural and lifestyle.Maybe I will have difference life.Just like what I want to be.
Maybe I will be living with my parents and a cat which is so smart.And I will go to a university where is good at education and give my some help.Maybe my lifestyle will be changed I will have a healthy lifestyle.In the every morning I will be running with my parents,and I will never be eating junk food,And sleep in time.
Lt just my future what I want to be.Difference people have difference future.Nonetheless I think if you do not thing your future is not important,you remember you canon having future.
Sleep disorders are common symptoms, which always hamper our daytime activity and cause fatigue, thus leading to a dizzy day as well as a poor appetite.
Please consent to my offering a constellation of easy handled tips, which may help out in easing anxiety.
A well-planned review not only can provide an effective studying pattern, but it can also result in genuine peace of mind, which will contribute to health.
What's more, regular schedule, proved to be related to biological clock, should not to be messed up by coming examinations.
Instead, we are supposed to adopt positive approach to avoid sleep disorders, and I recommend that a hot shower and a cup of heated milk in advance of sleeping is congenial to combating sleep disorders.
I'm hopeful that we can maintain a good health and gain a high grade.
In recent days, more and more young people select conhabitation without marriage.
This condition especially exists in College Students Group.
Milk tea is very popular by people.
Creation method about milk tea very simple and materials which will be needed facility.
Matters need attention:milk and tea mast separate boil.
First, we use tea-strainer filter tea once.
Secondly, we use hot-water boil tea and milk, tea and milk shall separate about boiling.
At the same time put the tea and milk on the cap, and then use small spoon stir, together with add bit honey or white granulated suger in the cap.
Last, we can splash little dried flowers in the milk tea.
According above steps, you can make a cup in the afternoon at the weekend to yourself, Enjoy the easeful afternoon.
My name is X.First time when I come here.I think here is very nice.Everyday I could do everything what I like.And in classes,teacher and student could study together.I like palying computer game.Simetime,I will also paly basketball.Football is ok.Now,I will start my new life.goodluck myself.
People used to think students should focus their attention upon their study, let alone some things that are not related to study.
However, in the modern times, this stereotype has been shattered, and it is not a rare occurrence for students who are required to evaluate their teachers by their colleges.
Indeed, many people take the view that it is not practicable for students to evaluate their teachers.
In the first place, to a certain degree the phenomenon would exert an undesirable effect on teachers' lives.
Let's say, for example some terrible evaluations can make some teachers depressed, defeated, and even demoralized.
Second, supposed some naughty students are given low credits, as a result of this, they may revenge their teachers by giving them an awful evaluation.
Moreover, for some irresponsible teachers, who are obsessed with fame, in order to receive high evaluation, they ignore their students' daily performance.
Speaking frankly, as contemporary college students, we should have a better understanding of our teachers.
It's indispensable for us to attach much importance to what we say about our teachers.
Above all, all our evaluation should be built on tremendous amount of practice.
It's our intrinsic duty to give a fair evaluation to our teachers.
Students have a chance to chooes what activities they could take part in.I feel so excited that I join a magic club.
When I was six years old I saw a cool magic show from my relatives.It is the first time that I have been addicted to it.As time goes by , my interest in magic slowly disappeared.But I felt fortunate in finding such a club that I can go on finishing my dream.After a term of joining school activity,I play a magic show in the New Year's party.It was easy but successful.
I suggest students should find an activity which you are greatly interested in and try you best to join in every event.
During the school activities, we can develop interests and ability.It's also good for us to make more friends.
This winter holiday,I went to Maldives in order to relax myself and prepare for the study next term.I tried many fantastic activities.I suppose that teenagers maybe like diving like me because it is exciting to see beautiful fish and corals.Here are some basic rules for us to follow when we go diving.
First,you should stay away from the corals,for you will destroy them by mistake.Secondly,it is such a bad habit to touch the benthos you see.As we know,some of them will attack you if they think you want to hurt them.It is also important to stay in the safe area.At last,remember this:Give the fish freedom,don't catch them for their pretty looks.
In conclution,pay attention to the words your coach told you before you go diving.Protect yourselves.The safer you are,the happier you will be.
Cellphones have become more popular in China these days.
Today there are billions of cellphones to everyone.
Cellphones have great advantages to students use at the school.
They are small to carry and convenient.
With cellphones in their hands, the students can keep in touch with anybody they want.
If students have some words didn't understand, they can use their cellphone and look through words meaning.
However, cellphones have great disadvantages.
The students who use the cellphone will play games, send messages and so on, even in the class, which do harm to them.
If we have an exam, they may use it to find answers.
In conclusion, I think students shouldn't be allowed to use cellphones at school.
Although cellphones are convenient and popular in society, you are students that should study at school don't use cellphones at the school.
Leaving home for university, I suddenly found how much I relied on my mother.
Having lived on Fuzhou for a year, pictures about mother and me would usually emerge in my mind.
Now, mother looks not so beautiful as she once was.
Time have put much weight on her; wrinkles tightly hold her face; some silver hairs take place black's.
The passage of time and life's hardship make mother looks older than her real age.
However, the warm she gives me never decreases.
My mother's cultural level is not high, so that she can't help me a lot in my subjects; however, in my opinion, the education I was given by my mother was successful.
Unlike other mothers, my mom has taught me to do housework since I was four years old and didn't stop me from doing it until I was in senior high school.
Thanks for mom, now I can take good care of myself even I am alone.
As for principle of life, she is strict with not only me but also herself.
The example of me, she faces life with optimistic attitude.
She treats people with kindness and honesty.
Gradually, I would act consciously as mother's requests.
In addition to a mother, she is also my friend.
Maybe it is different from other children that I would more like to share happiness and sadness with mom even I was in adolescence.
I would cry heavily in mother's arms when I upset.
In return for it, mom would share her secrets and stories with me.
In Fuzhou, sometime I would feel homesick, but I never feel lonely.
I know that my mom's love surrounds me all the time.
As the exchange centre of personal information on the stage of the Internet,blog becomes more and more popular.People share their stories and thoughts with others through blog.For blockers,for one's own,for society,for one's work,and for one's life,the more they share,the more they get.
Blog can make a colorful life,and it can spread knowledge to others.It also can develop interpersonal relationships.It contributes to the development of society,policy,economy and culture.So these advantages make blog popular all over the world.
However,blogs have some disadvantages nowadays.Firstly,there are so many contents which are vulgar in blogs,which has influence on environment of the Internet.Secondly,many things in blogs are false,which misleads people.Finally,inadequate supervision makes some people do crimes illegal.
My name is X and i'm 16 years old .I look so cool that my mom often joked me:hunk.
I have a black shot hair and wear glasses.my skin is little black but i am not black.I'm more outgoing than others,so i have a lot of frinds.My hobbit is play the models,that's very fun,really!
Taking the bus is better than walking.One reason is that taking the bus is usually faster than walking.This is because the pace of bus is quick and the schooltime is earlier than workday so the traffic is light.
Another reason is that working is so tired , because of the long distance.The most important reason is that taking the bus is more relax than walking.I can listen to the music in the bus to relieve the pressure so l would rather take the bus than walk.so,I prefer to bus.On a rainy day,l take a bus to avoid being wet.
From the passage, the author wants to tell use: exams do more harm than good.
They can make both teachers and students very nervous.
However, if no exams, a few of students will do study or revision.
At beginning, I was very nervous before exam.
Especially the midterm examination.
I am afraid that l would got low marks, then my parents and teachers would seens to me at a hole.
After I experienced the test many times, I gradually understand, need not be so afraid of exams.
I began to relax, I understand a truth: in fact, as long as we usually learn seriously, understand what the teacher said in class.
Exams will become less scary, and even can be said to be pieces of cakes.
Examination and can test our learning outcomes.
Can also find out our deficiencies.
We can not lack examination.
With the development of society, Internet is becoming increasingly popular.
It's convenient for us to use the computer, but Internet is killing family life.
The reason why I think it as follows.
As far as I'm concerned, our students are addicted to surf the Internet where we are able to play computer games, chat with others and so on.
Thus, we have less time to communicate with our family with whom we live with every day.
Besides, not only are we lost in the Internet to find it's interesting functions but also our parents spend more and more time to explore how to use it well.
What is the most important is that we begin to ignore our family party which does harm to our family relationship.
There is no doubt that the Internet is killing family life.
In order to improve our family relationship, we have no choice but to spend less time in the Internet.
Only in this way can we get along well with our family like before.
Recently,some surveys show that a number of college students download papers from the Internet to save the trouble of doing their assignments.This kind of academic dishonesty is harmful to the students.Therefore,we should take some measures to prevent it.
As we all know,it's dreadful for students to download papers from the Internet as their assignments.The reasons are mainly as follows: Firstly,it will be unfriendly to our studies and we can't improve our grades.However,by means of finishing assignments,we can consolidate the knowledge that we has acquired from classes as well as more extra-curricular knowledge.
Secondly,students who don't pay attention to their assignments disrespect teachers who hope that we can learn more from assignments,which is against the tradition of showing respect to teacher and his teaching.
Thus,we must take actions to prevent it.As far as I'm concerned, first,students can refer to the paper on the Internet rather than imitate it.
Second,we can seek advice from our teachers, classmates or friends,because they are the best resources that we can make full use of.
Finally,teachers should emphasize the importance of doing assignments by themselves.Only in this way can the students be aware of the significance of assignments.
All in all,it's wise for students to do assignments by themselves for downloading the papers from the Internet as assignment is detrimental to our studies.As a result, we must take steps to prevent it.
A friend is a person who can cheer you up when you are depressed.
I have many friends.But one of them is Tao yinzhi.My best friend , who is older than me , we are in the same class now.
In our daily life, we regard each other as bosom friends, because we both have a common interest--writing Classical Chinese poetry.
At the beginning, I thought writing poetry was a very difficult thing, I had ever wanted to give it up, so I often lost confidence in learning.
After having found that, he chatted with me sincerely, and enlightened me patiently, he said writing poetry was just a piece of cake for me as long as I read a few theoretical books and kept persistent.
What he said warmed my heart badly.
With the help of his patience and encouragement, I learned to like writing poetry.
We also often have been writing poetry on the Internet, and communicating with those people who can write beautiful poems.
So we have built our sincere friendship in this precious process of writing.
He is my best friend and I believe our friendship will last forever.
Recently, square dancing became a hot topic among public ,which aroused many conflicts between dancers and the others,so there had a lot things happened,including some dangerous things,for example,a man who got tired of the loud music,so he decided to fire a shotgun into the air,though it seems like a effective way, but honestly,people would prefer the method that taken with polite.
First of all,we have to change our attitude about square dancing.People,especially the old,they have the rights to join some activities that can build up their body.What's more,the activities like square dancing can be a good reason for those lonely people to get the happiness because of the communication with others, which is a wonderful way to solve the problem that more and more old people are being left,living alone.Square dancing have taken a lot pleasure to them, which means totally abandon it will be a awful choice,the man's action was even the worse.
As for my opinion, i have to say that i do appreciate the students' action happened in Hebei province,they just organized a silent protest, nothing else, but they got the respect and understand from those dancers,it showed that we should abandon impolite things with polite,violence to violence will never be the proper method for problem solving,it will only make the whole situation even worse.
People should have freedom,for the rights of being a man,but freedom also should taken with rules,otherwise this world will out of order.In this way, square dancing needs to change, the government should take responsibility for it's disturbing troubles.But as the saying goes,every coin has two sides, we also have to aware the benefits of square dancing, what we should do isn't just abandon,we got to make it become a activities that only have the positive side.Those students' way told us the polite action would not only solve the problem, but also avoid arouse conflict.
Actually, it can also being used among our daily life,everyone meets troubles, we all have to solve them, the diffirent ways will bring out the diffrent situation, if we choose the proper method, i believe the problem will be solved perfectly.
Now, we are facing a sociaty full of conflict between you and me,when it comes to, we always think of ourselves,if we are in others' shoes, we may find out that both sides have the rights to enjoy what they want to do.
What is well known to us is that different people have different opinions about love.
Here I want to share my views about love.
I firmly hold the idea that love needs time.
Though there are people who fall in love at first sight, this love is immature.
It is like the beginning of a long road up a mountain with many ups and downs.
To my mind, a true lover is the one who listens to you talk about work, let you have that last slice of pie, remember to take out the trash.
He is ready to forget all kinds of misunderstandings and always think you are beautiful even without makeup.
Mature love is like a living organism.
It parallels the life of an oak tree, we can not manipulate or speed up the amount of years it needs to grow, but must instead , with wit and patience, appreciate one another's differences and share one another's joys and pains over time.
Unfortunately, when conflicts are inevitable, lovers are supposed to be tolerant to each other.
It pays to think twice before you act, doing something on impulse will cause your repentance at a later time.
So always remember to sit down and talk things over, you will feel better after talking to your partner and maybe you are lucky enough to find that an agreement was finally reached.
In the globalization of today's rapid economic development, the rapid increase in China's comprehensive national strength today, college students are facing more and more opportunities.
Firstly, the country through various channels, to create conditions for employment, strengthen labor protection, improve working conditions, and on the basis of developing production, improve labor remuneration and benefits.
Provide policy and institutional support for college students.
Including finance, taxation, administrative services and the corresponding policy support.Secondly, the government also offers free entrepreneurship training, can combine their knowledge from the main business, self-employed,by "looking for jobs" to the "rice bowl" mode.
What's more, local governments have also adopted a series of policies and measures.
For example: the Shanghai and Shenzhen three governments have issued a series of supporting the development of new and high technology local regulations and documents, clear the development of the enterprises can enjoy preferential policies, especially the high-tech achievements into the project, made expressly support.
At the same time, some local governments are also combined with the local economic situation and characteristics, to develop targeted a promotion policy, in order to allow more students to entrepreneurship, college students employment difficult problem solving which on the one hand, on the other hand, as well as other members of society to create employment opportunities.
Because of the transition of national economy, college students entrepreneurial opportunity has greatly increased.
At present, China is speeding up the reform of the economic structure, vigorously promote the development of emerging industries.
Countries to the development of new industries have a higher potential, core competence.
This strategy for college student entrepreneurs brought rare opportunities, emerging companies may make students founded gained more support.
The threshold for entrepreneurship, reduce business costs decrease, brings opportunities to the lack of funding for the college students' entrepreneurship.
Under the economic crisis, people's consumption habits have changed, but this time for entrepreneurs, is conducive to the accumulation of experience and funds.
With the continuous development of China's market economy, constant improvement of the social security system, enterprise talent flow faster.
Enterprise talent shortage problem in a certain extent, reserve of talents will become the inevitable means of enterprise human resources development in the future.
So more and more cooperation between enterprise and University students.
For example, research the college and enterprise joint cultivation base.
The mode of cooperation, not only provide practice opportunities for students, but also broaden the channels for enterprises to reserve talents.
Because of the time is relatively loose, part-time has become a pastime of means.
you can accumulate some social experience, work, employment and development for the future increase.
can understand the current direction of development of various industries, their study direction and emphasis of the immediate adjustment according to the actual situation of their own.
because of the market competition, the enterprises in the aspect of the selection of increasingly high demand for talent, social experience and the existing ability is one of the important conditions for enterprises to employ talents.
At present, our country has issued a series of laws and regulations in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of workers.
The "labor contract law" and the "Employment Promotion Law" promulgated and implemented reflects the spirit of the legislation to protect the rights and interests of the workers.
The president of the University of Science & Technology China, Chinese Academy of Sciences Professor Zhu Qingshi worked for the college students have been a "young people how to become" speech, received a warm welcome.
Professor Zhu Qingshi said, whether a person can succeed, the key is whether he will be able to discover, to seize the opportunity.
He said that he felt most of the sentence is "known to the end, that end".
The phrase comes from the "book of changes", meaning that a wise man is good at from the complicated social reality, analyse and judge whether the advent of opportunity.
When the time is ripe, see what can be done, to seize the opportunity, do the thing you should do.
For college students, four years of university life is "opportunity".
Fan Jingyi had said in a message to the university freshmen said in the article: childhood, childhood, like in seedling stage of crops, at this stage, not only does not require too much water and fertilizer, also need to "suspension", preventing it from "soaring".
And to the youth, is his intellectual development period, need a lot of nutrients, it must seize the opportunity of "water fertilizer", can not miss the opportunity.
College students are in the life "the effective growth period", therefore need to cherish.
Comparison of Anti Japanese war in the university life, more feel that today's college students are very happy.
Such a good opportunity to cherish.
Identify new target university stage, in fact is to determine the goals in life.
Only to stand up, to society, to history, to the future, to all aspects of life in the future, we can grasp the appropriate target, promote their all-round development.
The university should aim for deeper, more long-term, should better put personal desire and social need to be unified in the "reality, do do do university asked".
This is a celebration at the University, a long hundred professor to students, full of expectations.
University is a place to look attractive, university life is full of vitality and blew.
Remove the professional knowledge learning, the university provides the development of expertise, more young people personality space.
The new century college students should be the generation of comprehensive development, and constantly improve their overall quality, to lay a solid foundation for future development.
"Know, of justice and realize finally ends".
Opportunity is actually on your side.
Contemporary college students should allow the university time to do good and full, one can think of from the self understanding, to seek the truth, from learning from experience autonomy, grasp from the expression of the exercise of eloquence, friends from the taste of mature, win the value, from the practice of grab happiness, gain strength from the pursuit of the interests of people in in time, from the plan.
Personality is the main character of a man, which consists of good personality and bad personality.
Destiny is about the future of a man.
In my opinion, these two words with -ity have a relationship with each other which is that personality decide destiny.
Perseverance is the good personality that can give you hope to live.
Helen Keiier, a beautiful girl when she was born.
But before long, an illness came to her and took her right to see and hear.
She could never see the beautiful world and hear the melodious sound.
It may be tough for a little girl to face the endless darkness and silence.
However, she didn't give in to the destiny and give up herself.
she tired her best to study and learn how to speak and she also make speech to those who disabled to encourage them to have faith to their life and future.
It is Helen Keller that shows people can still feel the world without eyes and ears.
Hardwork is the good personality that can bring you reputation and wealth.
Madam Curie is a French professor of physics.
She lived a poor life, but she worked very hard.
In 1893, she married Pierre Curie, and they worked together into the radioactive matter.
They risked their life in the laboratory and discovered two kinds of radioactive matter-polonium and radium.
Madam Curie received Nobel Preze twice for physics and chemistry.
She devoted her life to the science and she gained the respect and wealth.
Honesty is the good personality than can make you reliable.
There is an old saying that a man without faith will not make.
From this saying we can know honest is the basic quality of a man and essential principle between people.
Most of successful businessmen who began with little money had this important quality.
From these we can see how good personalities influence one's whole life and destiny.
So does the bad personality.
Cruelty is a bad personality that can bring death.
Aldof Hitler, the notorious prime minister of Germany, launched the second world war.
He arrested the Jews and imprisoned them, even killed them.
At last, Hitler was destroyed.
Cruel people get a tragic destiny.
Greediness is a bad personality that can make you bankrupt and give you a long time in prison.
Some Chinese officals use their privilege to get money and they make Chinese government lose large amount of money.
Nowadays, Chinese government is focusing on anti-corruption and the corrupt officials' destiny is cruel sentence.
