Some times,my classmate and I comunicate with each other about study and exchang some idears about the problumes,as you see,we can explore by our selves.
A good teacher-student relationship will make learning enjoyable and interesting for the students and teaching worth-while for a teacher.To set up a good teacher-student relationship, a teacher's behaviour is important.
The teacher should motivate the students so that they want to learn.
A good teacher should be patient, friendly and strict.
Remember not to encourage the students by pushing or forcing them.
Being too friendly may cause students to become lazy and stop working hard.
On the other hand, being too strict may frighten the students.
So a teacher should avoid going extremes in treating his students.
And teachers should encourage the students to think independently and learn to study by themselves.As for the students, they must always respect their teachers.
Students should be eager to learn and willing to work hard.
It's important to listen with attention in class and it's more important to learn to raise questions and work out problems in new ways.In conclusion, a good teacher-student relation-ship can be mutually beneficial.
The students gain knowledge eagerly and enjoyably and the teacher gains satisfaction from his job.5,Full imagination of "0"Possible version:"0" is like the sun which is rising in the east.
The sun shines brightly, which makes our motherland warm and beautiful.
"0" is like the globe which our geography teacher often uses in class.
He tells us we can travel all over the world and enjoy the beauty.
"0" is like the football.
Our football team packed into the World Cup and our 44-year hope came true.
This year, we have already gained many achievements in sports, especially Li Xiaopeng, who has made a great breakthrough in the Olympic event.
Nowadays,the topic of curiosity attracts more and more people's attention.The data show that most favor that curiosity have the benefits outweigh the disadvantages.
In the first place,the most popular idea is that we should spend more and more time in exploiting curiosity.Curiosity spurs us to find more and more new things.
In the next place,some are inclined to the opinion that we were born with curiosity,so we shouldn't limit the curiosity.We should make full use of it and see it open the beautiful flowers.
is frequently said by inventor,which encourages us to explore the world of science,so we can't quit it.
In brief,curiosity is crucial to us,so we have to try our best to use it to do more meaningful things.
time.
at.
writing.
time.
method.
well.
imporve.
I hope i can make a good performance today.
I'm confident that I can succeed.Now i will introduce myself briefly.
I am 22 years old,born in shandong province .I was graduated from Shandong Normal University.
my major is Mathematics .I spend most of my time on study,i have passed CET4.
and i have acquired basic knowledge of my major during my school time.In July 2010, I begin work for a small private training center as a English teather.I am 1 obedient study a result good student in the teacher's eyes, my English level goes really well.
And in August 2011,I left Jinan to BeiJing and worked for a foreign enterprise as a steward.
I'd like to work here which is more challenging.
I gradually learn the use of English in daily life, often look at a number of English books and magazines, which I know a lot of knowledge, but also with my English improved, so I feel I can gain the most from working in this kind of company ennvironment.
That is the reason why I come here to compete for this position.i have a lot of time in summer holiday,and i believe i can do well.
I think I'm a good worker and I'm a person of great honesty to others.
Also I am able to work under great pressure.
That's all.
Thank you for giving me the chance.
First of all, the ranking of the Chinese thought is serious, so that most of the young people want to be civil servants, who have just graduated college, of course, some people are also under family expectations.
Second, the civil service work is more stable than other work and social welfare is better, development space is larger as long as you work hard to do, there would be no risk of fired.
Third, of course, there is some people who is in order to realize the ideal of life is true want to work by civil servants to serve the society.
For the civil service exam hot phenomenon, I think we can not blindly, when wanting to choose in their own career, to seriously consider suitable for what kind of their career, what is your ability, ideal and interest is what, find a suitable for their own work is the most important thing.
I know your troubles.I'm sure these troubles make you upset for a long time.
I think,you should try to talk to your mother.Maybe you will have a good conversation.Of course,you should know that to do so is better for you.You should also try to do better.Sush things will not be too bad.Your relationship will change.Sometimes you can adjust their own state of mind.
I believe things will get better soon.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
I don't like maths at all until I met Mr Green.In my opinion,maths is a very very difficult subject.I could't work out the problems and I didn't understand the ways to solve them!
I always got bad marks in the texts.In fact,I was very hard-working,but I always failed.
But when I met Mr Green,everything was changed.I did badly in the first text.I was so sad that I even wanted to give up maths.But Mr Green walked to me and told me that he thought that I was a clever girl and believed I could do better.
That moved me a lot.With the help of him.My maths improved quickly.
Mr Green is really kind and patient.I love him very much!
I have many hobby.My favourite is basketball,so I often play basketball in my free time.And I like football too,because I play it is very wonderful.In my free time.I often listen to music.I have a good friend.He like basketball and football,too.So we often play sports in free time.I very happy in my free time.
Recently, I purchased a pair of sports shoes.The results of shipping the wrong number, I am very upset.
Happened, I fancy a pair of sports shoes and buy down, the number is 38, the color is white.However, when the shoe-mail when I was dumbfounded, number 38, the color actually is my most hated.I am very angry, for the first time in this online to make purchase goods happen.So, I talked about the Internet and prior service.Reads as follows, and I said that you shipped the wrong number, shoe size and color I want.As a customer, I ask you to re-delivery number is 38, the color is white.I hope you this shipment correctly.When the goods again Post to and you next send the goods, I would hands of sports shoes to you, I hope this do not what went wrong.
Do not let us feel that your service is poor, although I can understand you does not mean that all customers can forgive you, Look forward to better service.
With the rapid development of the science and technology,people from all over the world tend to enjoy their lives,but it led to a tough problem which happened between people practicing square dancing and neighborhood residents.Thus,when it comes to this issue,different people have different attitudes towards it.Some people take it for granted that everybody has their own life,you can't enjoy square dancing in the way of bothering neighborhood residents.However,others insist that square dancing is a good way for middle-aged and elderly people to build up their bodies,they just use the daytime to practice square dancing,it can not disturb the residents of a locality.As far as i am concerned,i can't agree with the latter more.
There are some reasons to support my view.For one thing,i think the local government ought to take much more importance to it.As a college,we all know that the students need a quiet atmosphere to study,the throbbing dancing music drives them crazy,but everyone should benefit from the life.Therefore,the government should take strong measures to maintain every residents' interests.For example,the government can apply for a place where is spacious and keeps away from the residents of the locality,this is the win-win policy,maybe government can play important role in solving this tough problem.For another,people who are against the square dancing can speak out in public,but not to threw rubbish at people dancing in a square or block the "stage"of the dancers in a square,it is actually a bad action for civilizations to take.Every one has right to do their own things,you can't stop others from doing anything by your rude behavior,or you are invading their rights.All of us should learn to put our own feet into others shoes.Last but not least,we have to learn to understand each other,everything in the world can not be perfect.It is all known to us that people who practice square dancing most are middle-aged and elderly,i think they do this activity in order to build up their bodies but not for fun.Therefore,you can think about if your parents do exercise in this way,whether this actions can be prevented by you own,i guess the answer is surely "No",because as a Chinese saying goes,"Filial piety is the most important of all virtues".
What we have discussed above,a natural conclusion can be drawn that people can not do the rude behavior to stop others doing their things.Government is the most authoritative to look after residents' interests, serving the people and taking the measures.every person have right,they can do anything they want to do.Nowadays,the elderly especially pay attention to their health,of course,as children,we hope our parents have good body to company with us for a long time.All in all,in my view,the neighborhood residents can not do the rude behavior,they should deal with problem in right way.
I am so sorry that I can not say goodbye to you face to face .
There is something happening in my familiy that I must go back to China immediately.
At this moment,I know you are joining in a speech competition.
You have prepared for it a long time.
Everything is ready.
I believe you will get good grades because you have the ability to win.
I have studied in America for a long time and I always believe that whoever tries hard will get good rewards.
Best wishes to you.
With the development of tourism, it brings us some advantages and disadvantages.
Some people think that development of tourism could not only promote the local economy but also improve the local people's life quality.
Only promoting the economical development can make people happier.
This is also the symbol of the strong country.
Therefore, we must develop the tourism more.
However, there are also some contray opinions about this complex matter.
At present, with the increase of the tourist, there are much environmental contamination happening in the range of the whole china, especially in the scenic spot.
Therefore, people urge that the cultual heritages should be get more protection.
They really want to keep their home beautiful and suggest the government to limit the development of tourism.
But as to how to cope these problems.
There are no certain measures.
As far as I can concerned, the government should undertake to build a legislative system so as to prevent the destruction of the environment.
What's more, the tourists also need to improve the awareness of the protection.
All of us should devote ourselves to protect the treasure of our history.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
point:tired but I can learn a lot of thing.
first support:I'm new student in art international program.I never study Enlish writing so specially,I'm not used to it,so that I'm tired.
second support:English writing class has a lot of new words.I can't understand some sentence.I just can spend time on look up new words from electronic dictionary.
third support:I'm very tired every time when I have took writing class.But when I review the writing lessons I'm satisfied.Because of my notebook always have a lot of useful thing.
So I think my English writing class is tired but I can learn a lot of things.
Hello,everybody!Nice to meet you all.Please allow me to introduce myself.
My name is X.I'm a 20 years old girl.
I am from T.I think I am a quiet girl.I like to sit quietly and quietly.But I also like to play with you.My interest is very extensive.I learned the dance,the music,the fine arts.It has been a month since I entered the university.I fell in love with Taekwondo,and entered the school's Taekwondo Club.I think I'll learn it well.I also hope that I can get along with my classmates in this new environment.OK, this is me,a quiet girl.
Of people in this society, most persons are leading hurried pace of lives, feeling back-breaking but couldn't help doing that.
Speediness, however, makes people anxious and irritable.
As it is, how to let a person's heart stay young is of great significance.
Firstly, reading books endow you new meaning of life.
Reading, on the one hand, gives aid to enlarging your horizons; on the other hand, reading puts you in touch with what the best human minds have thought.
Philosophy, fine arts or the lesson of man's development, whenever you are off duty, spend time for a look at those books will you obtain new understanding of life.
Secondly, endeavour to travel to a strange city.
Not only travelling but also reading endows you with improved self-cultivation, because travelling is a well-benefit outdoor activity which helps you maintain your psychological balance, makes you broad-minded, and admiring the views, at the same time, can let you get rid of heavy work.
Finally, open your heart to make more friends.
Keeping in touch with friends regularly, going out to KTV, to hike, and to do whatever that makes you relax can make you maintain a good mood.
Especially when you are dispirited, making an attempt to chat with friends can assist you in reducing your burdens, or you can recollect the happy events with your friends.
Only if you forgive everything will you feel a great weight taken off your mind.
While everyone suffers from stress, there are possible ways of easing mental burdens.
If you follow these simple rules, you should be able to make your life more tranquil and easy, letting your heart stay young.
It is well-known that college is a place where we can not only study but also full of freedom.
That is to say, we can do whatever we want to do.
For many of college students, college is more like a society and we meet with different people from different areas.
As for me, college is indeed a society and it does have effected my life a lot.
Before coming to university, I am a shy girl and do not like to communicate with strangers, since there was nobody I familiar with, I stared a new life.
That is, I take the initiative to make friends with some new guys and it makes me feel very proud.
The reason is that every guy I communicate with is willing to make friends with me.
At present, we all get along well with each other.
In addition, I have learned to plan my time efficiently all on my own.
In college, we have much spare time so that I have enough time to do whatever I like.
As English major, I like to do anything relating to English such as reading English original books, watching English movies or TV programs, or even attending the activities held by English institutes.
What's more, I have taken up a part-time job as a private English tutor.
It was a very interesting experience.
In a nutshell, college makes me more outgoing, confident and independent.
It is an indispensable part of my life.
I convince that college has enriched my life and made a solid foundation for my future.
In all subjects The English classes not only can improve my English level but also make me learn more experience.
Last week we studied about heroes.
It showed us a doctor called Norman Bethune.
He was born in Canada and He helped many Chinese people in the Anti-Japanese War He worked hard without rest and saved many the Chinese people's life.
In the end he died for saved people.
He is a man who has a sense of justice and he is our international hero.
We have been touched by him.
So I think this class is very unforgettable class.
It makes me more love my country Also his spirit influenced me a lot.
Although my family has three people,I have a happy family.I feel lonely and intend to have a sister or brother,but I think my dad and mom love me extremely.
My dad is a workman and driver.He works hard everyday in order to keep our daily life.My dad is the busiest in a year especially spring and winter.My dad is humours and kind .He cooking meals is very delicious.When I was sad,my dad always utilize a great variety of ways to makes me laugh.When I am confused about something,he can tell me many reasons and teaches me how can I do.I remember my dad liked take me to everywhere at my childhood.I sometimes do many funny things with my dad.
My mom is a businesswoman and open a clothes shop.Because of it,I can wear many beautiful clothes.I think my mom is very hard in that she cooks meals and does some housework everyday.During the middle school,I think my mom is long-spoken.But I clear my mom is to love me and I like chatting with her now.
I thankful for my parents to bring up me and thank to their contribution.I love my parents anyway!
Some students think marks is more important and others think ability is more important .
In my opinion, Student's ability is more important than the marks.
Students who think marks is crucial may be they think university graduate students' first condition of obtain employment college degree, they think marks can judge a student's good or bad in employment, but now many companies had employed the "good" student ,found they didn't have the ability to do work well, they need to work in basic level to accumulate experiences, it can improve their ability to qualified to a company, so I think ability is more important than marks.
First of all,it's undeniable that the cars provide a convenient way of transport for people.The time is reduced, we can do more things and go a farther place.On the contrary,other people have different views.They render the following opinions.As the growing of private cars,the air pollution index is increasing.Beyond the shadow of a doubt,it's the most threatening thing.
Personally,I believe the technology which is able to solve this problem will be appeared in the future.What we can do is that reducing the times as much as possible we go out by car.
To protect the enviroment is to love ourselves.
The modern life is becoming more and more colorful.
The Internet is an important part of our life.
It makes our life more interesting.
It named micro blog .
It means a small blog.
The differences betwwn them are the micro blog is simpler and more convenient than a common blog.
The first micro blog website is Twitter.
And it's also the most famous in the world.
Now many famous persons in different professions have micro blogs such as Han Han, Liu Xiang, Lady Gady, Bill Gates and so on.
Chinese micro blog has about five years of history.
Though it's very short,the micro blogs in China are popular with young people, especially we students.
We students believe that micro blog is very useful, we can do many things by using it.
For example, we can get news and information quickly.
And we can write our feelings, our sense of life and some small things everyday on it, just like keeping a simple diary in 140 worlds or fewer.
We can enjoy or upload photos, videos and music easily.
What's more, we can find or create a hot topic, and then talk about the topic with others online.
Lots of my classmates and teachers have micro blogs.
I also like using micro blog very much.
I often upload my pictures and get some advice from others who can draw well.
And it's also a great way to learn English by using micro blogs.
We can try to write three beautiful English sentences and then ask someone to modife them and teach us online.
All in all,there are many advantages of using micro blogs, this can only give a brief introduction.
But remember not to spend too much time on the Internet.
A number of students have attended a lot of different kinds of association activities they like.I like magic cube and I play it well.So I attended Rubik's Cube Club.It is challenging your eyesight and finger reaction to play magic cube.
I enjoy playing basketball best.It is playing basketball that makes me stronger.I often play basketball with my friends.There are basketball matches held by students sometimes in our school.
Watching English films is my favourite activities as well.I think I can learn more new words and expressions by watching English films.And after completing homework,I often watch English films in order to relax myself.
After-school activities are our best teacher we need.So we can select some activities we like.But remember that we shouldn't spend too much time on it.
Attention please!From next Monday,our company will carry out a new smoking policy.Since then,you can't smoke in the office,but we will set a smoking room for the smokers.I hope everyone can obey the rule.
Welcome to join us.
Recalling the past two months, so many thoughts are flooding in my mind.
I'd like to offer some tips to you to help you survive as well as enjoy the college life better.
As new comers, we face many problems and challenges.
we need to get familiar with the surroundings ,establish new relations with other students and teachers,and find new methods for learning in more free time,and living on limited allowance .But the biggest one we have to face is that we have abundant freedom.
Some students find balance between study and life.while others only indulge themselves playing and enjoying much fun.Another challenge is how to learn.
So how to pass the four years in a more meaningful way.
I think reading a lot and trying to broaden our knowledge is the most imortant of all.
What's more, we need to make more friends learning how to communicate with different kinds of people.
taking part in all kings of activities.
Any students who seeks to university campus love like bear dear people, once he saw the hive, he will do nothing, but to enjoy it.
Love is necessary, so job seekers, bear the title for my example, will reap the benefits of emotion in their future life romance.
On the other hand, instinctively, campus romantic conquest is the practice of an inevitable, it will become a part of University life.
On the other hand, no one can refuse to romantic love is coming.
When the fal in love with each other, will not consciously pursue romantic.
Also some students from time to time to the romantic enrich their university life, experience a different feeling.
Strangely the biggest winners is that despite their great perssure, maintain their pursuit for love of the people, because of their desire to encourage them to work harder to learn from each other and the culmination of love.
For these studengts, very romantic, do not pursue their university life has come to an end,but a new start.
"Let the campus love it" is my advice to those who hold extreme views on it.
University, those who stop to realize it and found it to reading, the so-called unforgeetable love story from the beginning of the golden age too late.
So don't in the psychological predicament, means enjoy pain and love from you at the university stage is obtained and applied to your future lover or spouse.
As long as you can put the campus love seriously, you will have a pleasant life.
Clothes really do make a difference.
In fact:Different color clothing says different things about you.
Most interesting is that studies show red has some pretty unique effects.
For the most part, red seems to mean sex.
It makes men more attractive to women.
It makes women more attractive to men.
It helps hitchikers get picked up.
Dressing young can make you healthier.
Glasses make you look smarter but less attractive.
How a female celebrity dresses can tell you how short her marriage will be.
You like brand name clothes because they make you seem high status and (hopefully) this will cause people to treat you better.
Dark clothes = neurotic.
Formal dress = conscientious.
Messy and unconventional clothing = open to new things.
Cleavage and expensive clothes = narcissism in women.
You trust doctors more when they wear the white coat.
You like musicians' music more when they dress the way you expect them to.
By the same token, what you wear affects how you act: when research subjects wore lab coats they acted more attentive and careful.
So choose your clothes wisely when you need to perform at your best.
When I entered the college,I have already been thinking about my college life.
First of all,I'd like to share my view with you.
University is a full of talent,knowledge,and at the same time is also a small society full of competition and challenge.
We all have our own role,please make an effort for the better.
A meaningful college life is to have dreams,then struggle for the dream.
In the process of pursue,we need to continue to exercise and improve ourselves,also be to have a meaningful university.
Finally,in my opinion,there are many meaningful things we can do,like joining some communities,going to travel with classmates or friends,finding a part time job to increase income and so on.
But the most important thing is to study hard.
Of course,making good friends is an important thing,too.
To be a freshman,I think doing these things,which I said just now,can own a meaningful college life.
If you ask me which country do I most want to go,I will say "Switzerland".
Now let me tell you why I like it best .Switzerland is situated in the middle of Europe which has a population of 7,500,000.The capital of Switzerland is Berne,sure,I think you kown the famous city named Geneva.It owns a good geographical position that is next to Austria,France,Italy and German.People call it "the garden of world" beacause beautiful scenaries are everywhere in Switzerland.As we all kown,Switzerland is well-kown for its gorgeous watches which stand for wealth and identity.Besides,the chemistry and food are both good.
To achieve a better source of news, people are hotly debate about whether we should choose the newspaper or the Internet.
Some people consider that newspapers are more convenient to carry,while others hold a different opinion that we are more convenient to get access to the Internet.
On my part, i side with the former.
Newspaper is the most traditional way of achieving news.
However highly-developed of our technology, newspaper will always accompany us in daily life.
The merits of newspaper are obvious.
To commence,reading newspapers do litttle harm to our eyes and will make profound impression for readers.In addition,readers can be more initiative because lots of information is presented to them.
They select the content whether to read or not.
By this way,readers are more freely.
Furthermore, newspapers can be kept forever and read repeatedly.
When we find something useful, we may cut the piece out and paste it on notebook.
When it comes to the Internet, first, when we focus on the screen for a long time, it is harmful to our eyes and lead to deep eyesight.
Second, there are so many advertisements on the Internet.
They can appear from time to time, which disturb the mood of reading news.
We are always passive.
Third, once we have read off the news, we close the webpages then remember nothing.
All of these being said, I am in favor of reading newspapers.
Since newspaper has been existing for hundreds of years, it does have its reasons.
What we should do is to stick to the convention, protecting and promoting it.
As the exam is coming,many students have symtoms like dizziness,lack of energy and they have neither a sound sleep nor a good appetite.I'm going to give you some suggestions about how to relax themselves.
First of all,they are supposed to make a proper plan of revision so that they could take advantage of their limited time.What's more,keeping a regular timetable is also of vital significance.In addition,it's a good choice to take a warm shower and have a glass of hot milk before going to sleep because they can help them rest better.Above all,a positive attitude towards life is the root of relaxation and happiness.
I hope that my advice could help.
Reading is to our life what water is to fish .In the daily life,a person use various kinds of methods, such as going to the library,purchasing and borrowing books to do some read.Some people are in favor of the thought that one will not read a book unless it is lent.Nevertheless as far as I am concerned,one read a book whether it is loaned.Without borrowing book,people can read a book smoothly.
There are many causes for this view.First of all,nowadays,with the growing popularity of the Internet,more and more people can read on the Internet.Using the e-books is the more convenience and direct way to gain informations of books.Besides,you can read a book through other ways not just only by lend.Secondly,whatever the scholar say about a book,however unanimous they are in their praise of it and you borrowed it,unless it interests you,it is no business of yours.During reading, an important element of reading is interests which can arouse enjoyable.Supposing a person whoever borrowed numerous books just let them quietly lying on the drawer,it is useless.
Taking the above factors into consideration,one can read a book whether it is borrowed.Reading should be enjoyable thing do not we must do.
And more and more students also use the mobile phone.
It can be said that it is convenient for us to use the mobile to contact with our parents and friends.
Except for that,it is a way of entertainment so that we are able to gain more fun in our spare time.
On the other hand, using a mobile phone not only improve the daily lives of individuals but also it has some disadvantages.
When you are having a lesson, it isn't high efficiency for us to use a cell phone and we can't pay attention to what teachers said.
What's more, using a cell phone to chat not only costs much money but also spends too much time.
As a senior high school student, I think we should use it properly.
In my opinion, despite it has some disadvantages, but it has more advantages.
I advise that we are supposed to use it to search something we real need, and use it to study.
If we do that,it will be a useful tool for us indeed.
You must have heard the story of Xiao Yueyue.
When she was in danger , nobody around tended to help her.
Finally, she died.
I am very confused why people become so indifferent nowadays.
Many people have lost their moral values.
The whole society's values have increasingly deteriorated.
Many reasons contribute to this phenomenon.
Firstly, as the economic develops rapidly, people's desire for wealth has soared a lot.
The individualism makes everybody far away from each other.
Secondly, many people have lost trust in the things around them.
So their moral values have lost too.
Finally, our education exists too many problems.
They focus too much on the grades rather than the improvements of students' spirits.
From my point of view, as college students, we should establish correct moral values.
We ourselves must have the sense of helping people in need.
In addition, we should spare no efforts to promote the correct moral values to the whole society.
After all, it is people's nature to be kind.
Nowadays,going shopping is becoming more and more popular,even it seems to reach fashion,as a master of the flat.Online shopping also have many benefiting.Like that it can save more money and feel a feeling of exciting.
While,it is no doubt that online shopping much have dangerous behave.Such as,we buy something that we may don't know the quality of itself.Or it is different from what I see on the internet.
So in my opinion,we should have sharp eyes.It is smart to chance for us.Therefore,whether we will go shopping or not on there.It is not more important,because it is more important to keep a wise brain.
Along with society's development.People's living standards become more and more high.Nowdays many college students like to pursue famous brand,and the price is also increased with.This phenomenon has aroused wide attention.
The following reason can explain this phenomenon.
Fashion is the students eternal topic,famous brand for their attractive.They except others to admire thier high class and good taste.What's more,the parents are to dote on their children.
As far as l concerned,this dose not favor the student's psychological health growth.After all,most of famous brands are far beyond thier consumption ability.What's more,as a college student should have a good leaning,improve thier working ability,cultivate own character.
Good morning, everyone: My topic today is how to live a low-carbon life.
As far as we know, carbon emissions could cause a lot of problems, such as global warming and climate changing irregular.
What impressed me most is that Maldives will be submerged.
My thought is that we ought to lead a low-carbon life.
Actually, we could save water which can reuse.
We can also turn off the electrical equipment that is not necessary.
On the other hand, we should use the public transport.
It's true that we could save energy and fuel to protect our homeland.
Ultimately, improving our awareness is the most significant thing we should do.
Doing in every tiny thing is enough.
It is obvious that living a low-carbon life is an obligation of each person in the world.
Only if we do what we should do and we can make a difference in a low-carbon life.
Christmas day falls on twenty-fifth of December, it is a wonderful day for all boys and girls.
In former years, I could get an apple and some candy on Christmas eve from my friends.
But in this year, I had a different Christms day , this christms eve was on wednesday, so I had to spend time with my classmates.
In that day we weak up very eary, when I get to class I found an apple on my table, I was very surprised, Next day it was christams day, we had a christmas party in the morning.
After lunch we went to Happy Valley Amusement .
I really had a great time with my classmates.
Then we have dinner together.
In the modern day people are increasingly choosing to adopt a bad lifestyle.I think the "Lifestyle and Health" include a positive living attitude towards life,eating a balanced diet,exercises regularly.
Obviously,a good lifestyle lead to a good health.Nowadays,many people have a sedentary lifestyle.
They eat while sitting,they travel sitting,and they even work sitting!Some people even have an unbalanced diet.So,these people are experiencing health problems,such as obesity and heart disease.
These ailments,in turn,cause many psychological problems such as depression or anxiety.
First,we should keep a positive living attitude towards life.We must say goodbye to the sedentary life.Second, eating a balanced diet is also very important to our health.Besides,we should exercise regularly.The lack of physical activity also affects the psychological well-being of an individual.
The body is the capital of revolution.When we are young,we may not be aware of this point.But a health lifestyle is really important.So just treat our bodies and keep a health lifestyle.
Nowadays,power and wealth play a more and more essential role in society.So sometimes phenomenons without fair appear in our modern life.Some people are condemned without sufficient evidences.However,I think it is absoluately undesirable.
As we all known,sufficient proof is the standard of condemning someone who is guilty or not.
As long as there is one point is unreasonable,he will be innocent temporarily.Although the progress of gainning proof is so long and full of difficulties,it is still an obbligato part.In other words,each person has his own right,of course including the right for innocence.Also,everyone should be treated equally and be respected in law.
To sum up,the principle of "Innocent until prove guilty" is necessary and filled with justice.Obviously,it must be a permanent rule for our society to make our country become stronger and stronger.
It's undeniable that college students are lacking of social practice at present, which is becoming more and serious.
If you enter a university to observe, you can find a half of the university students stay at dormitory.
About 25 percent students in library and about 15 percent students join club in their school.
Only 10 percent students have part-time job or take part in some activities outside.
With the development of the society, students' living conditions is getting better and better.
Most students don't want to take part in social practice.
because they think it's tiring and boring.
Some students think as long as good good study in university is enough.
And join in social practice effect they get good graces.
Also a few students want to work part-time.
Because they need money, but is not to train.
In my opinion, it's necessary to take part in social practice.
First when we graduate, we have to into society,early experience the social life can help you faster to adapt to the society.
Then, during social practice you can make many friends and improve your interpersonal skill.
Last but not least, we can gain more knowledge that we can't learn in our school.
So, College Students Should Take Part in Social Practice.
Jackison is a star,and a dancer.
He the street dance gave me a feeling that was very impressive.
So he is my hero.
He is common boy.
Nonetheless his is that experience is special.
He is very love dance.
He making great efforts practise dancing.
When he was almost three years old,he began to learn to dance.
He took parting many competitions and he won.
Many prices as wall as many gold medals in my opinion.
He is the best dancer in China.
He will never give up.
If you went to success, you will keep trying.
I like his dance,his dance very shock feeling for me.
Passed to me a lot to inspire.
His spirit is very worthy of my learning I admire him very much.
So he is my hero.
Along with the develpment of automatic,our life have been more convenient ,you can almost do anything but not by yourself.There is no doubt that convenience saves much time and energy for us,including modern transportation ,office, shopping and so on.At the same time,it leads to a unclear lifestyle,consuming natural resources which can't return back in a short time.For example ,Beijing's pollution has been serious increasingly.Thus, a low-carbon life should be the best choice for everybody.As an example,I'll express my opinion of driving cars less.
First of all,the behavior can reduce the discharging of carbon,if you choose a bus or a taxi or riding bikes even walking,all of them can decrease the amount of car's flood on the road.Second,the less cars running on the road,the less traffic jams happens,people can save more time,energy and money,after all,the fossil oil is not so cheap.Besides,it may be a better method to reduce the accidents' occuring.The low-carbon life style is clean and cheap,why don't we try it?
Driving cars less should be carried out among families and officers,our cities' environment can be improved in this way,the earth must be offered more care.
Hello,everyone!Do you know how to be a polite middle school student?Let me share my opinion with you.
As a middle school student,it is important to know what politeness means.For example,I respecy me parents and never argue with them at home.And I always say hello actively as soon as I get home from school,because parents will moved and rest assured.When I visit the public museums or place,I never forget to follow the rules and when I talk with others,I always smile at them.From this words,I think you know what you should do.You should respect your parents and follow the rules.What's more,don't forget to wear a smile!
In my opinion,being polite is the most basic requirement for us.It seems it is an easy thing ,but we still need to pay attention to it.
In recent year, domestic food safety has become a problem which make very worried.
As far as we know, there is a lot of food make from illegal cooking oil.More than that many foods mix excess chemical additives.This is a serious problem.The food safety has no guarantee not only make people panic, but also disrupted the society.
In my opinion, to lead a healthy life, we should'n eat anything in sidewalk snack booth which has a terrible condition, instead of in the restaurant.We should'n buy anything in the stalls which has no business license, instead of in the supermarket.
In this way, I believe we can avoid the many problems of food safety.
With the development of science and technology, our lives have changed a lot in the past century.
Many things that wouldn't happen before have come into reality now.
Therefore, our lives will change as well in the future.
Our pace of life will be greatly accelerated, because we will help many machines to finish our work.
Many things can be done autonomously.
Therefore, people will have more time for fun.
People have more time to play.
Space shuttle can bring people to planets far from the earth.
Human beings may live in other planets.
Besides, our environment will be much better than now, because some effective measures are taken to protect the environment.
In the future, there will be more and more kinds of food for us to choose.
They will be more delicious and healthy than they are now.
They will not be expensive.
Every one of us can afford to pay.
Future life will be better than it is now, I believe that the future of the world will be full of happiness.
There will be a fashion show at the People Theater tomorrow evening, at, 8:00pm.
It must be interesting.
I wonder if it would be possible for us to meet outside in the People Theater at 7:30pm .Shall we go together?
Please let me know it is OK, or when you are free.
In recent years,there are more and more products with extra packages appearing all around us,which wastes a lot and brings the earth a heavy burden.
For example,the cost of decorating a mooncake box may be much more than the cost of produce four mooncakes.It just for making the boxes look more beautiful and the customers can present them more honorable.But after eating the mooncakes,most of the recipients will put the package into garbage can directly.
In my opinion,I think excessive packaging is unnecessary and it isn't worth to cost much more extra money to buy the extras which is useless.
Nowadays,we are encouraged to use environmental thing,so why not buy the thing with simply packaging?Only in this way will the producers produce luxurious packages less.
Network Real-name System, personal information will not leak,be other people influence.Now, more and more important in mobile network platform.
For example, Starbucks to provide Internet services, only need a phone number authentication.
With the development of entertainment industry, many ordinary people become celebrities.
Lately, a string of high-profile detentions arrests and convictions of showbiz stars for abusing drugs and soliciting prositutes have meted out hard professional disciplines.
Different people have different attitudes.
From my point of view, terminating celebrities careers are harsh, excessive, and unreasonable.
First of all, the punishment is too harsh, especially after the celebrities in question have already accepted the legal punishment.
To a stat, having their work suspended is the same as a death sentence for their career.
Secondly, stars don't need to suffer additional punishment after they have paid their fines and served their times as decided by a court.
They have paid their debts to society and they needn't to receive the further punishment.
Finally, abruptly terminated celebrities careers are unreasonable.
Celebrities as sane as ordinary people, the ultimate goal is not to punish the wrongdoers but to make sure they don't repeat their offences.
Celebrities should be given another chance.
From what has been mentioned above, we need a tolerant heart towards this question.
Everyone is equal.
Celebrities also needs the second chances to be accepted.
I know how to make a good impression.As we all know,first impression is always the most important thing when you meet a stranger.At short time.The other person forms an opinion about you based on your appearance.Your manners and even your behaviours that tell them what type of person you are and your characteristic.So,what we can do to make a good impression.
First of all,we have to have deep confidence in ourselves.If you are calm and confident,the others will feel more at ease and this makes a solid foundation of a good first impression.The second is your appearance,trying presenting yourself appropriately,start with thy way you dress.Last but not least,the smile is very important.A warm and confident smile will put both you and the other person at ease.
Whether they are in your career or social life.It is important to know how to make first impression.So,try our best to do that things better.
Getting up later in the morning and working until late at night are popular in the current .And for me ,I am a member of masses who get up later in the morning and work until late at night.This habit benefits me a lot.
Firstly,getting up later in the morning gives me a positive mood to confront what I will do with.A positive mood is extremely essential for me to deal with the problems and get well with other people.Also,a positive mood helps to create the harmonious climate of the work.Secondly,working until late at night is useful for me to think about the difficulties.Owing to an adequate and high-quality sleep,I always abound in energy to stay up.And it is very quiet and stress-free at night so that I could keep a clear thought in my mind.Finally,getting up later in the morning and working until late at night keep me lay back.
I believe it is the best way to choose our own life style,like getting up later in the morning and working until late at night .And as I mentioned before,I will continue to insist in my choice.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.These activities not only add fun to students, but also build up our abilities and knowledge.
For myself I join the English club in school.
I can practice my spoken English while I take part in the English corner every Friday.We have shared our favorite songs and films, absolutely in English.
And now I with my group am perparing an English drama.
The English club not just makes me feel relaxed among busy study life, it helps me improve my English and become more brave to express in English.
I think after-school activities is a good way to reduce pressure.
A good choice of activities is also important.
We are supposed to choose some significative things, but not computer games.
From the cartoon we can see that two different ways to help the drowning man.In the first picture,a life buoy is thrown down in order to help the man.
He gets a book that called how to swim in the next picture.
"Welfare" and "Welfare Reform" are apart written in two pictures.It reflects that the welfare system should reform.People should live independently and can't just rely on the government's welfare.Government should teach poor people living skills instead of money.
As far as I know,there are three ways to solve the problem.First,government can build some schools that aim at the disabled person and unemployed person.Second,the government can reduce the welfare standards.The last but not least,the government should strengthen supervision to avoid someone abuse power.
I think my college life is very colorful.
Because my senior high teachers told me the college life has many meaningful things.
Nonetheless now I do not think playing is very meaningful.
I think the meaningful college life is jogging in the school at the morning,and having breakfast in the morning.
When class over I can join in the community activities with my friends.
In weekend I can have a short trip with my roommates.
When idle I can ask questions with my teacher.
I think this is wanted college life of my.
Almost everyone in the word wants to be confident in their life.However.In affect,Little of us do have the quality of being self confidence.Therefore how to be a confident man is of a great importance.which require us pay much attention to .
First and foremost ,be positive even if you don't fell the same way,I also remember when I was young,I would like the lesson to the radio waiting for my favorite song when they played I sing along,It made me smile.It gave me a big confidence in my life,because of I can sing the song which I like best.So,everything can give us confidence,no matter how the thing is small or not,if we try our best to do a thing,finally, do it well,our boss or teacher encourage us,then we harvest the happiness and confidence.In order to build up our confidence,we should also conquer everything with smile,this is unchangeable truth,smile can improve our ability to do something,smile is also a communication tool with our friends.
Build up our confidence is so easy that if we do something that we should do.Plant trees on the side of road,help the children and old people.we do it and we happy and we have confidence.On the one hand,it is our responsibility to society,on the other hand it is also our moral.In this society,people and people have same goal is that make our relatives have a good life,they try their best to make this goal comes true,every time when they have little success they will have more confidence do it forever.So we from this we can see, goal is an important factor to build our confidence.
At last,confidence is rely on yourself.
I'm l,moniter of Class One,Grade Eleven.You can't imagine how excited I am to know you will be an exchang student in our class during the next term,which is a golden opportunity ffor both of us to draw on each other's knowledge.Considering that you will be hard to suit our school life,fortunately,it is I who am going to show you something of great importance.
In the most beautiful corner of Tianjin stands the Chenguang High School,with the delightful weather and fresh air of Tianjin providing a healthier atmosphere for us to study.Though we usually have warm and sunny days,it can be really cold in Nov .What's more,a great amount of delicious food can't be missed as the symbol of Tianjin.
As an old saying goes,it would be better if we have friends from far away.Our friendly and harmony class is ready to wait for your coming,and at the same time,I hope you will exchange the different culture in America to borden our horizon and promote our friendship.I firmly believe that it will be an unforgettable experience,one we will always cherish!
I'm looking forward to your early coming.
Recently,Lihua is good at Maths and Chinese.
However,he is poor in physics and English because he finds that it's difficult to learn well.
And everyday he is too tired to learn well.
Lihua thinks his parents don't understand him.
They think that he should be the best student on each subject.
In order to know what Lihua thinks,they even read Lihua 's diary when Lihua was not here.
When Lihua wants to relax at the weekend,but his parents don't approve of him watching TV.
So Lihua can do nothing except study.
Now Lihua has no interested in studying and he cannot learn as well as before.
In my opinion,I think his parents are too hard on him.
They should give their child more private space and time.
And it's not good for him to study so tired.I think they can also take Lihua to relax,for example,they can take him to do some sports or watch a movie.
Before the winter, the weather will become colder, the trees and flowers will wither, people put more and more.
In the north, there are four seasons in a year, each season has different view, and I like the most magnificent scenery in the winter snow.
It makes people feel comfortable.
We hope to come in the winter.
When winter comes, it will snow .
Every time it snows, The world will become white.
The children will become very excited.
They can snowball fights and make a snowman.
It brings us a lot of joy.
And it makes us to forget cold.
On the other hand, the winter came to mean the Spring Festival will come soon.
In that case, I think that the winter is beautiful.
I love snow, because it is pure.
It brings us hope and vitality.
With the development of the computer technology, the access to the Internet enables people especially the young to work at home.
However SOHO lifestyle may become a serious problem among young people.
Without the cooperation from peers, the job may be less efficient.
That's because people can't understand each other well through the Internet.
In addition, the lack of communication may make young people be shy, so they aren't competent in dealing with human relations in society.
What's more, with much more free time, young people may be less self-disciplined and lazier.
As far as I'm concerned, SOHO lifestyle isn't good for young people.
They should communicate more with others and learn to have socialites.
When the authors wrote< how do we deal with the drug problem >this article and discussed how to deal with the relationship between the countries, organizations and people with drugs, drug has already infiltrated our lives.
So, we should discuss how to deal with the relationship between drugs and us, and more important we should discuss when we are faced with the drugs what we should do.
First of all, I don't agree with the article completely about the authors' view, and at the end of the article that the author show some solutions to solve the problem including legalize drugs and make an antismoking campaign, but, I don't think this is the best way.
In my opinion, the best way is increase the intensity of the criminal laws.
In addition to the strong constraints, drug addicts, use scientific methods to make their rehabilitation.
Second, increase the intensity of a crackdown on drug traffickers, even physical punishment.
When our idol Mr. Ke be an anti-drug people to against drugs and the same time, he entered the jail.
We start to focus on antismoking again.
First, although the author mentioned in the article that he tried all drugs, not addictive, and I still think that refused drug at the first time is the best way.
Second, there is no better way to do.
Nowadays,with the development of Internet technology,Intenet has brought great convenience to us.So it has become the indispensable element of our life.Internet has changed human's life and the way of thinking,the scope of interpersonal communication is also enlarged.It makes the communication more direct and quick.
However,every coin has two sides,many people have come to realize that it brings the trouble as well.People more and more depends on the Internet,such as buying or selling merchandise,getting help and so on.But communication among people in reality become less and less.
Like the conversation between the daughter and the father.In fact,the father asked the question is just that cared for his daughter and wanted talk with her about her school life and know more about her.But the daughter only asked her father to learned about her blog.So the communication between them is interrupted.Maybe their conversation would become less and less.
In my view,people shouldn't excessively rely on the Internet.We should strengthen the communication with our family,friends and others.The Internet provides virtual space for us,if we can't control ourselves well,maybe we'll become a cyrillic,we'll become more indifferent and won't care about others.Only if we have a good interpersonal communication,can we live a better life.
Nowadays, some players cheat the drugs to win the match and imposter another to attend the match.
These behaviors show players the lack of the good sportsmanship.
In fact, sportsmanship is still important in modern society.
There are some reasons about the importance of the good sportsmanship.
First of all, sportsmanship means every sportsman plays the game clean.
So give enormous publicity to good sportsmanship can let more sportsmen play the match fairly.
Then some sportsmen cheat the drugs for the championship.
It is deleterious for sportsmen's health and unfair for the competition.
Therefore, advocating the good sportsmanship is good for sportsmen's health and can lead men do sports with heathy ways.
In 2008 Olympic Games, LiuXiang ran to the destination even if his leg was hurt .
It's a kind of good sportsmanship.
It tells us face to difficulties and never give up.
For the above reasons, good sportsmanship teach us play the game clean, do exercises by healthy ways and never give up.
So good sportsmanship is very important for us.
It's necessary to inherit the sportsmanship and develop it.
Love motherland, love home, love their parents, love teacher.
I think love is a kind of affection, in this process will enable you to think, and take action, you will care about it, care for it.
I am the patriotic people, as I have for the Diaoyu Islands and Japan conflict, as national, I feel very angry, angry.
Even the dark be determined, not buy Japanese goods.
Love make me emotional changes, make me angry, pushing my behavior, do not buy Japanese goods.
I think we should be courageous enough to express their love, we should unite, calling on the masses, boycott Japanese goods, in order to express our love.
Leting our patriotism is according to legend, defend the motherland, chinese motherland.
I'm fine and we all miss you very much.What about you?
It has changed a lot since you left hometown.With the living conditions becoming better and better, many people have led a rich life.
A number of people have lived in flats which are not only big and spacious but also well-appointed.They have owned telephones and bought many electric appliances,such as TVs,washing machines,fridges and so on.Because of the wider roads,people don't need going a long way to the town.
The village has connected with the town by roads and villagers use tractors ,trucks and cars to replace the bikes.What's more,the school are going on a series of changes so that children can receive a better education.The government also concentrates on speeding up the urbanization countryside.
In a word,our hometown is developing in a high speed and I believe it will become more affluent.We are all looking forward to seeing you one day!
This summer i hand a specially summer vocation.
i used to spend much time in playing with my friends in my summer vocation.
howeve, this summer i changed the way i always do.
i got two part-time jobs.
The frisst job was to sell tickets on a bus.although it was easy and simple, i felt it was very boring for me.
so i just done it for one day.
the second day i fond another job.
this job was not easy as the frist job.
it needs strong body.and this job was full of challenge for me.this job was very difficult for me.i felt very tired everday.
i wanted to give up this job for many times.
but finally i insist for twenty days.
Though this summer i was more tired than any time before.
i felt very happy, and had a meaningful summer vocation.
When it comes to our college, which with a long history.
So, I strongly recommend you, my dearest friend, to play a visit to my college.
If you come here, to begin with, you'll know our school motto "unyielding dare to be first" which encourage with teachers and students to hard work and innovation.
Secondly, you will notice our college has a specialist that our college abundant in a variety of trees surrounding the buildings, it provides a refreshed study environment.
For a while, a beautiful lake with a pavilion caught your sight, when appear sun, we can sit there to enjoy the sunshine.
Last but not least, there is a grandeur library.
Not only can you read all kinds of books, but also you can appreciate the wonderful scenery there.
Seen from the top of library, the whole school is a landscape around.
To be honest, hope you could enjoy your relish trip.
We thank you for your letter about our fireworks and firecrackers.
Our products line mainly included highly quality fireworks and firecrackers.
To give you a general idea of the fireworks kinds.
We have enclosed a catalogue and a price list.
If you intend to a substantial order, we will give you a satisfactory price.
As for the payment terms we usually require confirmed, irrevocable Letter of Credit payable by draft at sight.
Enclosed booking form for your relief, please fill it out by return.
Any future question, please feel free to contact me.
We look forward to your specific enquiries and hope to have the opportunity to work together with you in the future.
The college life is wonderful.
ln college, l have many new friends.
l learn a lot from my university class.
l like reading the book in the libiary .
lt's a good place for me to spend my spare time.
In my free time, I also join some clubs,where i can make a lot of friends of different majors.
My teachers in college are so kind and knowledgeable that they not only teach us knowledge but also how to be a person and how to get on with others.
From them , l learn many knowledge about foreign cultures.
The computer room is another place l like to staying.
l believe college life is an important stage in my life .
ln college, i can learn how to learn by myself, how to get on with others ,how to live independently.
This is my college life.
There is a growing tendency currently that people in booming numbers, come to show great enthusiasm for reading books.
As to this issue,people's attitudes are divided.
Some people hold that it is widely acknowledged that books which present the precious accumulation of wisdom and knowledge beyond the limitation of space of time are one of the few things men cherish deeply.
Reading books plays an important part in the character development and personal growth.
First of all, reading can broaden our horizon.
As we all know, books reveal to a mysterious wonderland in which we will obtain various experience,we would never dream of confronting in the real life such as traveling around the globe, interacting with other people's life.
We learn to look beyond our immediate surroundings to the horizon and a landscape far away from home.
Secondly, reading makes it possible for us to be knowledgeable.
And China has a proverb, knowledge makes a gentleman.
We are stimulated to use our brain to seek out many mystical things while reading.
Reflecting on the other lives we will meet once we begin to read has a deep influence on the formation of correct outlook on life, value, world view.
In the meanwhile, reading provides us with the suitable way to catch other knowledge and deal with problems.
In marked contrast, a great many people maintain that practice is the best way to lean.
They concern that our life is practice rather than rely on the book.
Furthermore, much feeling and ability which different from the book of knowledge can be achieved by doing.
In my view that book is the essence of the practice, so we should read as many books as possible because reading really can make everyone learn a lot.
I have read several books recently.
They all bring me a lot of knowledge.
For example, "Tourney to the West"taught me to be persistent and not to give up my dreams.
What's more,"The Alchemist" encourages me to try my best to find out what I am really interested in and to realize our own destiny.
As the saying goes "Reading brings the miracles.
I had a unforgettable vacation .
I want to Hainan in china .
I went there by plane and came home the same way.
On the first ,the weather was so terrible .it was raining and cloudy .i just stayed in the totel.
But the next day was pretty good .
I went to the ibeach and made castles with the sand .in the afternoon I am so tired that I went to sleep early .on the last day I ate all of hainan's famous foods .all in all this vacation was interesting.
I had a unforget able vacation .
I want to Hainan in china .
I went there by plane and came home the same way.
On the first ,the weather was so terrible .it was raining and cloudy .i just stayed in the totel.
But the next day was pretty good .
I went to the ibeach and made castles with the sand .in the afternoon I am so tired that I went to sleep early .on the last day I ate all of hainan's famous foods .all in all this vacation was interesting.
The city offers people a lot of benefits.
There are many modern facilities of education,and the quality is better.In consideration of modern medical equipment and health services in the urban hospitals, the old people may feel more comfortable while living in the city.
Beside,the senior citizens are glad to find that they can see their children more frequently after take a few stood bus.
On the other hand, countryside is far away from the polluted air made by cars and factories.The relationships between people are more simple than it in the city.
You can make a lot of friends just by take a cup of tea with them.
In my opinion, these two life-styles are good choices, and the only thing we should do is to choose one which we pursue.
The study between high school and college are completely different.
First, one has half day free every week,and every day one gets up very early and stays up late at night in the high school.However in the college .We nearly have four work days every week,and we have much free times,but this does not mean that the university life is boring and time wasting.
In university one has some other very important things to do besides study, which plays a very crucial role in the college life.also the college study is not so boring.
it covers a winder range in study which is not involved in the high school study.
Second,in the high school, we always been told to study.But in collage,we need to study that without teacher or classmates tell you what you should do.
In a word, college is a small society and it is the first step you enter into socity and it is excellent and full of challenge.
The Dream House, which is more and more popular with our community, consists of friendly community volunteers.
Actually, they service for the students whose parents are too busy to care of.
Not only do they offer the students with delicious and healthy meals on time, but also assist them to work out some difficult homework.
Besides, the clever volunteers often organize some great activities so that make the students's lives more colorful and enjoyable.
When you get older and think back, you will find that life is the greatest teacher.
Life teaches me how to deal with failure.
Even through failure is hurtful to your feelings; the mistakes that have been made will give you an opportunity to learn from them.
Step one is to ask yourself what you did wrong, how you can improve it.Second,you will realize that not everything is in your control.
For instance, if your goal is not right, you may not achieve the goal.
So you don't blame yourself.
Life teaches me how to make friends.
Firstly,never judge a person by his appearance and clothes.
Secondly,friends need negotiation rather than quarrel.
When you don't agree someone, please discuss with him.
Finally,never believe in those who leave you when you are in trouble.
And never leave your friend when he is in trouble.
Remember,a friend in need is a friend indeed.
Life is the greatest teacher.
Learning from life makes me find out my advantages and disadvantages.
I can correct my disadvantages after made mistakes, make me become perfect.
And I also will make good use of my advantages, make me become excellent.
So life will teach you a lot of things.
The text tells us ten easy steps to keep our heart healthy and reduce our heart attack risk.Even if we follow just the first seven tips below(and don't smoke of course),you'll reduce the chance of having a heart attack by as much as 90 percent compared to a typical person of our age.
First,walk 30minutes a day every day,and call someone who's supportive and will not nag but will call if you haven't called him or her.
Second,know your blood presure,a number being even more important than cholesteol and do whatever it takes to get it down to 115/75.Getting a little exercise and losing some belly fat is the best way.Besides,cutting back on salt may help,but for some people reducing sugar and saturated fat in the diet may help even more.
Third,eat an ounce of nuts whatever they are raw,fresh or in a roast way a day.Not only can nuts raise HDL good cholesteral and decrease inflammation,but alse they have a heart benefit independent of those.
Fourth,learn your HDL number and do what you can to raise it to 50 by exercising,having one drink a day,eating healhy fats,such as olive and canola oil and nuts.
Fifth,eat 10 tablespoons of tomato sauce a week in a simple way.
Sixth,floss your teeth regularly,avoiding priodontal disease and preventing inflammation.
Seventh,eat no more than 20 grams of saturated fat a day and as little trans fat as possible.
A number of factors could account for my interest in learning English.
There is no denying the fact that living has been a hotly debated topic in a large number of graduated students.
Those who are in favor of the idea of living in big cities believe that it makes society increasingly competitive as well as accumulate experience.What's more!
College students could size the more opportunities if they try one thing trials and errors.
However,our health may be influenced by air pollution when we are living in big cities.On the contrary,we take pleasure in transportation's in small cities,there do not exist seriously traffic jams.
As far as I am concerned,I prefer living in big cities than small cities,because I always keep positive attitude towards complicated social situation.We can gain some opportunities from the company if we have a try, only if you take up your work whether it or not,I believe what you will get a rightful future.
The diversified world we live in is full of chances.
Some people think that chances are rare and only the luckiest persons can catch them,while some other argue that in a sense everyone has chances from time to time.
As far as I can see,kinds of chances are around us all the time.
However,the chances will not run into us voluntarily.
We must try our best to find them and grab them.
Chances always favor those who are prepared.
There is a Chinese word"A minute on the stage,requires ten years of hardwork.
"People always look and admire the other persons' success,but we didn't see the glory and flowers behind the hard things.
If we won't ready to grab at the chances,we can only let the chances slip away from us what we don't get our attention to.
As a student of college, I must be prepared all the time.
I want to be better and improve myself,and even it's hard to do.
Only in this way,I was able to grab it when chances come to me.
I realize that you tend to instruct English in China all the time.Therefore,there have a chance.You can come in China teach it because Qiang jin middle school require to an English teacher.You works a term and you teach two class verbal English.In addition,you not only have ten classes a week but you need responsible for every English after-school activity.After you become this school teacher.You abtain 4000$ every month and you gain a free ticket.Last but no least,you can free it stay.So what are you waiting for?
With the rapid development of Internet technology, more and more people prefer shopping online rather than in reality, and because of its convenient.
We have to admit that online shopping indeed save our time, money, and energy.
However, we should pay more attention to its disadvantages.
The first one is about the privacy issue.
Whatever website you have registered, you have to fill with your information such as ID and phone number, especially for the websites for e-shops.
Some sellers even sell customers' phone number to somebody who sent advertising or useless messages to you.
The second one is about Internet fraud.
Most of us have heard or even experienced the situation when you are shopping online, which can lead troubles in personal property.
Definitely, the Internet fraud put much burden not only on our shoulders but also on our mentality.
The more terrible thing is we lost our money with unconscious when we are shopping.
The third one is addiction.
The reason why the girls buy cosmetics or coats unlimitedly online is they think these things are much cheaper.
However, someday they will find the things they bought are useless.
For example, a young wife is so crazy who couldn't control herself online shopping that she cut her fingers off.
These events are true tragedies which had reported on the TV.
And I don't want us to be in these troubles.
In conclusion, we should realize the negative impacts of online shopping and strengthen self-protection awareness.
With the development of science, cell phones come along andit become more and more popular with students.
Cell phone is proud technology in the twenty-first century, it helps a lot.
It's very convenient for us in daily life.
Firstly, students can keep in touch with their parents through sending short messegas and make call during the school.
Secondly, students can learn more knowledge and communicate with others to build up a deep friend ship.
What's more, students can broaden their eyes and learn more about the world via the cell phones.
Going to college means that we will study on a higher platform,in which case,we need to polish up our academic knowledge and gain enough social skills.So,reading and what we read are vital.
As is mentioned above,professional books such as Maths,Computer,Physics,and so on,is included .Not only will these books offer us knowledges necessary for examinations, they also broaden our horizon about the world and the society.Certainly,by reading them ,we can become more competitive in the employment market.
Honestly speaking,however,professional books are boring .After class,we can choose literature to develop our taste of language.
< Pride and prejudice >,< Gone with the wind >and< David copperfield >are well-known among them.As a result ,we are able to enlarge our vocabulary and improve writing skills.Of course,Philosophy along with History is also a good choice.
In a world ,what we read should be benefit to our study ,personalities or just hobbies.Only in this way can we lead a fantastic college life.
I'm glad to participant in the activity called "Experience Chinese Life " from Canada to Beijing.
By spending Spring Festival with Chinese family, I can leave excellent memories.
We studied and did sports together, visited wonders of Beijing which are so interesting that I will never forget them.
What's more, it's very meaningful to enjoy real Peking Opera and try delicious food in China.
To learn more about Chinese history, I looked through a number of pages.
It's such a friendly family that they offered to introduce Chinese culture to me.
I think it's most wonderful to experience Spring Festival here.
I love everything in China.
I hope that you'll like Chine as well.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Blog becomes more and more popular.It is very convenient for most people to share,communicate and even make friends who have the same interests.People can easily create their own blogs.Not only can they write something about what they think or how they feel,but also they can visit others' blogs that they are interested in.Therefore,it is hot now.
There are also some disadvantages of writing blogs.Owing to lacking protection of the law on the line,there are something bad.As a public media,people get information easily and acceptably.Nevertheless,what people write or share is becoming very worthless and detrimental.
As we all know,things also have two sides.It depends on you how to use the blog right.We should not be the one who does things wrong.For the disadvantages,blog needs to be imposed,which needs the bloggers to be more self-control and be more moral.For another,the copyright of blogers should be protected.The more good,the more believed.
Some of them believe it is very beneficial to us.For example,they think it 's not only a good way to acquire knowledge ,but also open up our eyes.Furthermore,we can share and communicate with our friends by getting online.Last,we can play games ,listen to the music on the internet as well.It makes us relaxed.
However,the other people don't think so.In the first place,it does harm to our eyes.In the second place,we may be addicted to computer games and chatting.It's a waste of time and energy,we may perform poorly in school if we spend too much time on it.
With the development of science and technology and the steady improvement of our studying standards , the majority people have more request foe the study .
Not only do they consider the knowledge , but also they care more about the creativity .
,answers vary widely .
Some people think that knowledge should be emphasized in education .
First , knowledge can make us know and understand the things and society around us better .
Second , it makes a great difference in interacting with others and getting along well with other people .
What's more , only when we have more knowledge can we contribute to create a harmony and powerful country .
However , others maintain that schools should encourage creativity in students .
Because they think no matter how many knowledge a person have , if they aren't encourage to develop creativity , they will make no contributes to developing of our country and the world .
From my point of view , I'm in favor of the idea that knowledge is more important than creativity .
On the one hand , it helps us to acquaint ourselves with the society and adapt to the surrounding we live .
On the other hand , more opportunities to make our country and the world harmony and wealthy can be provided when we posses more knowledge .
So , I think that knowledge is more important than creativity .
With the increasingly rapid pace of life nowadays, both men and women certainly suffer from a great deal of stress.
Due to women and men differ from physical structure and mindset, women bear specific stress.
The source of women's stress can be divided into three parts, including career, family life and psychological characteristics.
Women are confronted with multi-faceted problems in workplace.
In the first place, unfair treatment in employment brings stress to women.
Enterprises refuse women and accept men on the same condition because maternity leave of women will add production costs to companies naturally.
Then sexual harassment from superiors or colleagues is hard to put up with.
However, a part of women will still endure the harassment.
During the process, women may also endure strong pain in spiritual plane.
What's more, the higher position women want to approach, the more resistance women will face.
Let alone intensive work itself and excessive workloads make the chance of having mental fatigue boosted.
Family, the place which is always female-dominated now puts much stress on women.
As a wife and mother, women are granted for high expectations of selfless contribution to family.
Admittedly, men are shouldering more responsibility of looking after family members.
However, women still undertake more.
Especially in contemporary Chinese society, men and women are supposed to enjoy equal rights in the market-based economic.
Women have their own occupations and earn money to increase income.
After work, they care for old parents, educate children, and do tedious housework.
As a result, not enough time and too much work lead to stress.
In addition, the conflicts between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law can be quite devastating.
Maybe it doesn't happen frequently.
Once it happens, both mother and daughter may torture themselves.
Unique psychological characteristics of women play a significant role in producing stress.
For one thing, with the level of education and personal qualities improving, self expectations of women reach a higher stage.
They work their hardest, and they struggle for a better life.
But when they sometimes cannot achieve their goals, they would become frustrated more easily than men.
Since psychology bearing capacity of women is usually vulnerable, they may push themselves into a dead end instead of getting out of it.
The wide gap between dream and reality presses women to move on or to come near to a breakdown.
That's the one of reasons why they feel stressed.
For the other thing, we all know that women are sensitive.
When a girl performs better than other girls, other girls may develop emotions like jealousy and envy.
The consequence is that they want to prove that they are the better ones.
So they give stress to themselves.
If they cannot beat the girl next time, they will keep up the pressure.
That's a vicious circle.
It is hence not difficult to see that there are external reasons and internal reasons.
While women cannot change the big environment of society immediately, they can choose to find out some practical ways to release themselves from the burden of stress.
In the new era, only when women handle the stress, can women handle their wonderful life.
This morning, I stood by the window with two cups of tea.
It was snowing.
The sky was gray and the whole world became white.
It was so beautiful view that I decided to record the beautiful view with camera when the snow stopped.
I took my camera and went out after the snow stopped.
I walked on the ground and left a string of foot prints.
Suddenly iI saw a boy fell down because of the slippery ground.
I walked quickly and helped him.
Then I decided to bring the whisk broom and cleaned the snow, so that nobody would fall down because of the slippery ground.
After my hard work, a way appeared.
At that time a couple who had bought some foods and went back.
They went by the way and saw me carrying the whisk broom.
They knew the way was cleaned by me, so they praised me.
I felt very happy and gave them a smile.
If I have a chance to travel to one of the countries in the Europe,I think that I will choose to travel to Switzerland.Now let me tell you the reason.
Switzerland is located in the centre of the Europe,it's next to the Austria,France,Italy and Germany.It measures 41 thousand square kilometers and has a population of 7.5 million people.The capital of the Switzerland is Berne, but there's another city,Geneva,which is also famous all over the world.
Ever since Switzerland is not as big as China,the scenery of Switzerland is fanscnating.Switzerland is called the World Garden in terms of its beautiful scenery.Besides,the watch,chemistry and food industry has been in a high level.
Accoding to the reasons all above, I think Switzerland is worth to travelling.How do you think of it?
I had a happy Spring Festival.
This year it came in February.
It was really great.
And it was the most exciting festival of all the festivals.
On Spring Festival's Eve, my families were all going to my grandparents'.
Many of my relatives there were playing all the night.
And all family members eat dinner together.
The meal is more luxurious than usual.
After dinner, my grandparents gave us red pockets at once with a smile on their faces .At night, we set off firecrackers.
It was beautiful.
We also sat together, chatting and watching the Spring Festival party broadcasted on CCTV.
I had an interesting Spring Festival.
We had a discussion about whether students should be allowed to take mobile phones.
Opinions are divided on this issue.
% of us think it necessary to take mobile phones with them, saying that it is convenient to contact with their relationships and friends by mobile phones.
Besides, they can research information online through mobile phones.
What's more, they can save useful information by phones.
And they think but for phones, they wouldn't do more things in less time.
% of us, however, are against the idea.
Because the radiation of mobile phones does harm to students' health.
Moreover, the ring tone will make sound which is no benefit to their studies even to other students.
In addition, there are a variety of mobile phones.
It is the price that make students compare their phones with others'.
For my perspective, I am favor of the students who are against the idea.
For our health as well as our studies, we shouldn't take mobile phones with us everytime.
Some people think that social networking is not ture ,because social network in most cases through witten communication even now have a video chat ,but still no face to face reality.Some argue that social networking is not safe,because mang criminals can through social network sites let us be deceived .There are also some think social networking website is good,because is can make us no matter where all of our friends and family to determine the contact let the world into a global village.
I think no matter what kind of things have appeared ,good ang bad,social networking website also is such.It makes our life more convenient,let us and our friends more closely linked,but at the same time ,it also makes the society deceived many people so i think we should have the right to make good use of social networking sites.
I remember the event I broke my grandfather's vase.
MY grandfather collectS old things and the broken vase is his favourite one, even if I was 8 years old, I knew I made a big mistake.
I was be ready for his hits but he hadn't.
He just touched mu head and asked me if I be hurted by the piece of the vase.
I was surprised and still scared so that I couldn't say anything, I thought I look like a victim even if I make this mistake.
then, my grandfather hadn't walk away or shouted at me, he clean the floor instead of me.
I keep silence and looked at him.
I felt sorry.
I wanted to help him but he said the pieces of the vase was dangerous.
He hadn't blamed me that day, but I felt I was made a terrible mistake and feel the love from my grandfather.
Nowadays ,the college students are more and more like to slip classes so that cheating is becoming gr aveness.
In my opinion,there are some reasons about this.First,the studentslaziness lesd to cheat.Besides,the govern of the school is not strict so that the students have courage to cheat.Whatmore,the wrong idea about the college life is very important for students to cheat.
Students must have the right opinion about college life,the test of college,and they must work hard to pass the exam and so on.
Thank for the language which makes it possible for people from different countries to communicate, but we can't neglect body language is playing an important role in our life.
As mentioned above, those who come from different countries can speak to each other in a special language like English.
Take me for an example, I have two Indian friends.
We always can't understand each other.
But we can perform what we want to say with our body.
It's very useful.
Sometimes, a simple gesture contains more meanings than complex words.
For instance, when one of your friends participates in a run competition, before the game, you needn't say a lot to him.
What you should do is just hold your thumb or pose your fingers a letter 'V'.
I think this gesture will work.
The amount of such examples is considerable: shake hands, nod head, shake head bend waist and so on.
Certainly, they stand for different meanings: approval, refusal with a kind gesture, greet, praise and anything you want to say.
So I think body language is also important in many cases.
It's a pity for me to hear that a university student insisted on her parents buying a trio of Apple products.Because of her poor family,her mother burst into tears desperately.
Nowadays more and more children take it for granted that their parents should meet their needs anyway.If they can put their selves in parents' position,they can have the notion of their difficulties.Although the electronic products are fascinating,in my opinion,they're still useless for us students.
What really matters most is our passion of studying.At our age,these high-tech products can distract us ahead of exams.
What are the great comfort to our parents now,is our stable life and top grades.
From what I'm mentioned above,there is no doubt that we should study indefatigably and show understanding to our parents,which is all they expect.
Thanks for listening.
Nowadays,the campus is ubiquitous romantically,because many university students crave very much in seeking their love.But when it comes to the phenomenon about the seeking of romance under the shadow.People hold on various attitudes towards it because of the different tradition and culture.
In my view,seeking romance is good for the contemporary college students if controlled within a more reasonable range.
On the one hand,students can make deep friendships even be a couple.
On the other hand,students can build up their ability to deal with things.
What's more,students may have access to reaching a higher level of the success by working out setbacks on their way to seek romance.
However,if students wastes too much time seeking romance,there will be many problems,such as poor study marks and other intangible affections.
In a word,only if we can spend appropriate time,feelings and energy seeking romance,will we be able to enjoy a fantastic life in the college even have a promising future.
For export orders of the multinational corporation, a foreign language is a bridge with our foreign partners communication.
It is pretty radical.
In order to make the order triumphant, the staff of sales department need to attend.
And the courses will be carried out on November 1st.
Please attend punctually.
The people I love most is my mother.Without her I will be here writing these words.
When I was 12 years old,my parents divorced.From that year,my mother raises me alone.She is a kind woman.She won't force me doing anything I don't want to do.She is generous,hard-working and forgiving.Sometimes she is also strict to me.When I make a mistake,she will point it out.This lovely woman always want me to be honest,tender and gentle.As she is a middle school teacher,people say she is respectable.And so do I.If I have some unhappy things,she will be a good listener.She is my mother but also my teacher.
I love you,my dear mother.And only you can let me get the warm of the sunshine from life.
With the development of the society in china,more and more students in colleges are easy to be tempted by the surroundings.So many colleges take class attendance recording system.
In my point of view,it's a good policy for students.As we all know,the number of college students is increasingly extremely fast these years.Teachers will meet more troubles to assure the quality of education.And nowadays college students are more optional than before.They just do what they want to do.So what they do such as playing truant will influence their studying.
Consequently, class attendance should be required.
When it comes to topics of choices and directions, people always think like above.
However, such kind of preference will finally lead to dependence and cowardice.
It is unavoidable that people are born to be conformity and dependence, or severely, laziness.
We like to walk on the road designed by others and most of us act in this way.
There are countless examples of success, but the most important thing is they didn't make any breakthrough, which can only be summarized as contribution.
For college students, the reasons below require them to abandon the habit.
Firstly, college is the very place where social elites grow up.
The responsibility of social elites is to lead the society.
If they lost the creativity and the ability of making their own choices, the society will lost its way in development of human beings.
Secondly, college outputs wisdom, which is the work done by teachers and students.
College students should try to put forward their own solutions to problems of human beings, but before that, they have to be able to choose, to form their own thoughts, values and ideas.
Thirdly, college is a laboratory where you gain experience before you go in to society.
College students should take a good advantage of the opportunity to make attempts.
Either success or failure will be valuable for them to live independently and wisely in the future.
Firstly, directions should become more like guidance.
It shouldn't be concrete, but provocative.
In this way, directions are no longer the path that we are to lead, but the approach for us to have a better understanding of ourselves.
It doesn't give us a way, but lead us to find our own way.
In fact, college is a period that we form our world of view, which can be described as Soul-shaping process.
During this period, we build up our ability of judging and positioning.
We may make a lot of different choices, but these choices are all made actively and independently.
The party of the would-be president of Ivory Coast, Alassane Ouattara, has called for a general strike from Monday until the incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo steps down.
Both men say they won Ivory Coast's presidential election, but Mr Gbagbo has held on to day-to-day power, despite international appeals to him to leave office.
There have been clashes between armed Christian and Muslim groups in the central Nigerian city of Jos less than two days after bombings killed 32 people.
Security forces dispersed the crowds, and there's no official word on casualties, but witnesses reported several dead bodies.
Jos, in Nigeria's Plateau state, has been at the heart of ethnic and religious hostility in recent years.
But the Anglican Archbishop of Jos, Ben Kwashi, told the BBC Friday's bomb blasts were nothing to do with religion.
He blamed the international media for inflaming tensions.
It is acknowledged that every person wants to make a great achievement to prove his own ability, and to be a distinguished man, then he must do some things to make himself recognized.
There are plurality kinds of things we will encounter in our daily life, on the road to success whether small things play an important role.
With different outlooks, individuals may have different principles.
For the most part of people, they just pay attention to doing big things, but ignorant of the small things, which they think it is unworthy to spending a lot of time on such a trivial thing.
From my perspective of view, we should be faithful to small things because it is in them your strengthen lies.
My view can be illustrated in the following aspects.
First and foremost, doing small things well lays the foundation of realizing great achievements.
As we all know, it is the small things that composed of the big things.
Only if doing small things well, can we have the ability to try to do big things.
It is common that when dealing with small things we can improve our skills, broaden our horizons and acquire successful experience, which is helpful for us to face big challenges.
In addition, be faithful is small things as it can make you gain more confidence.
Compared with big things, less adversity is included in small things, so it is much easier to do small things well.
The achievements of successfully accomplishing a task will definitely stimulus a person to take an effort to do another thing, for he has confidence to do things well in his mind.
Last but not least, not everyone can make big contributions to the world, but it is also respectful for a person who can do every small thing well.
Mother Teresa, who founded the Missionaries of Charity in India.
For over 45 years, she ministered in her own way to the poor, sick, and dying, she dedicated her whole life to the poverty.
It is such a simple thing to give a hand to the poor, maybe everyone has ever done in daily life.
Maybe few people can do so.
Even a small thing, if you want to be faithful in it, a powerful strength is needed.
Taking into account all these reasons, we may reach the conclusion that small things also hold an indispensable position on the way to success.
Success is not defined by what a great thing you have realized, but how faithful you are in small things, because it is in them you strengthen lies.
We welcome you for your enquiry of August 22 and thank you for your interest in our export commodities.
We are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.
Also under separate cover, we are sending you some samples which will show you clearly the quality and craftsmanship.
We hope, convince you that our fireworks and firecrackers are really good value, provided we receive your order by August 30, we make you a firm offer for delivery by the end of September at the prices quoted.
We allow a proper discount according to the quantity ordered.
As to the terms of payment we usually require Letter of Credit payable by sight draft.
It turned out to be a truck driver before driving a lot of wine.
What's known to all is that ,with the development of our society,aids come to people's view gradually.Nowadays, we almost can say visual aids everywhere .On the part of some people ,visual aids are disgusting for the pollution caused by aids .However,it's obvious that visual aids have its own unique advantages.Well,when we are struggling to choose what is worth buying ,visual aids usually show you a great object.And when you are interesting in some wonderful presents,tools and so on,visual aids make the information on those products vivid,which is convenient for you to make wise decisions.And the last but not least ,aids can always generate much interest among the freshmen about the new things .The main reason is that aids have made things easier to understand.
Of course ,visual aids have plenty of advantages,which is unknown.I firmly believe that visual aids will play a increasing important role in the future life because of those useful advantages.
This year, Beijing will hold the 29th Olympic Games.
It will be Green Olympics.
It means that we must make our country much cleaner and greener.
As students, we must do something for the Green Olympics.
We mustn't throw the rubbish away.
We can't draw pictures on the wall.
We want to plant more flowers and trees in our country.
In my opinion,friendship is one of the most important reationship in our lives,and none of us can really live just by himself without a friend.
There are some reasons for my view.Frist,it is the people in our lives who bring us the most happiness.Most of this people are our friends, who are part of our inner circle,can share our experience,hopes and dreams,success and setback,joys and pains.
second,have none of friend is a major block to happiness.To live life only by ourselves will bring us nothing but sadness and misery.It 's so terrible that I can't imagine how the life will be without a friend.
The last,I truly believe that the happiest people are those who are on good terms with his friends and benified a lot from friendship.The most important is that they know how to share all of there with others.
Since friendship is so important to our life,we should keep an open attitude in our attempt to make friends with others,and cherish the friendship.
As for me, all the things is fresh when I set foot in collage.
New teachers, new roommates and new friends are around me.
I've felt their friendships, wide knowledge and opening minds.
The substantial library, massive school buildings and extensive playground always attract me.
I am extremely eager to learn more as soon as possible.
In high school, I make full use of time to study, but now, I have wasted a lot of time, and was left far behind the time.
I hope to catch up with time with my hard working.
So every day, you can see me get up early, do exercise seriously.
And I am always the first to go to school but the last to leave.
I believe, in my efforts, I will make great progress and achieve higher.
We live in a modern society, people are producing waste every day, rubbish can pollute our environment.
If it was pushed into soil and ocean, it will bring disaster for everything.
Sorting waste is not only protect our environment but also save resource.
So it is necessary for us to sort rubbish.
First of all, if we cannot sort waste, people will throw all kinds of waste together, but some wastes are useful, we can recycle them and use them again.
It can save many resources.
Some wastes are poisonous, it can pollute the environment.
Pollution waste, soil, air can bring disease for human, animals, plants, everything has life, we cannot decide for others, if we sort waste, we are not save time for cleaner but protect the environment.
The dangerous waste can hurt our environment, and our environment will become comfortable and clean.
Then we produce everything will waste resource that comes from earth.
Such as oil, forest, water,coal, soil.
The resources are limited, some of them will disappear if we use them.
So we must save them and protect them.
Sorting waste is simply wherever you live, you just need do it easily, but it can make a great contribution for our environment.
The Spring Festival is celebrated by the Chinese people; Christmas is celebrated by Westerners.
Though they have different cultural backgrounds, the two holidays are alike in some aspects.
Firstly, on both festivals, families usually get together and have a good time at home.
They often have feasts happily with the family.
no matter where the families are, they would come back Secondly, there have different celebration ways and methods in these two festivals, but no matter with what way celebrates , it explains purpose .
it is unanimous on the whole --it indicates THRIVING and PROSPEROU and the people's living in peace.
thirdly, .
the happiest belong to the younger members of a family , they will become the happiest guys.
Satisfied the childern with new clothes, lovely presents and delicious food, childern will be glad.
All in all, there are many similar aspect in The Spring Festival and Christmas Day.
First, you should have a great emotion to face it.
To believe you can it .
Then you can go to the Chinese learning class.
friends, maybe you can get along well with the Chinese friends, also, you can take about your story .
Like your city, your life in English, and your family , but, pealese speak in Chinese.
Besides, you should read more Chinese book, more Chinese magzine , and watch the Chinese Chanel .
If you have enough money , you also can have a trip with your friends.
reminds us that much more effect we make on,much more success we could gain .
Indeed, we can learn many things form it.
First of all,we should face the new challenge everyday in that each day is a new day.Secondly,hard work is a great habit for everyone.Furthermore,students as we are,we have no times to be waste due to the coming college entrance examination.
So in my opinion, no pain, no gain.In short, whatever you do, please remember the say:"The early bird catches the worm.
"If you understand it and apply it to your study or work, you'll necessarily benefit a lot from it.
Living in a different cultural environment, I realize that Americans and Chinese share much in common concerning manners, behavior, and morality.
But it is clear that there is still some diversity between the two cultures in terms of customs, values and ways of thinking.
Sometimes, people feel embarrassed and uncomfortable when cultural conflicts occur.
In China, many people learn foreign languages and do not really care about hearing someone speaking another language around them.
However, according to my experience, many Americans complain when they hear others speak a language they cannot understand at all.
Some Americans say it feels like foreign people are talking about them, though generally this is not the case.
What is worse is that people occasionally start arguing and get upset.
Thus, every time I need to speak Chinese near Americans, I will consciously keep my voice low so as not to disturb them.
Once an American gets offended by my talking in Chinese in front of him or her, I will stop and apologize to them for it.
In addition to the case mentioned above, there are other situations that the American people cannot bear, for instance, speaking loudly in the public or at a dinner table.
It is quite different concerning Chinese people in the same situation.
Chinese people cherish and enjoy a lively and bustling atmosphere especially when colleagues or friends get together for dinner.
They tend to talk loudly and toast to each other, which is generally considered an indication of their intimate relationship, while most Americans regard it rude and discourteous.
Once I went to visit a museum and saw some visitors, who were apparently not Americans, speaking and laughing as though no one had been around them.
Consequently, some Americans felt annoyed and left angrily.
Nowadays, I become increasingly aware that people from different countries bear diverse values and behavior.
An idea that is universally accepted in one culture may sound ridiculous in another.
What we should not do is to revise our manners to make everyone happy, for it is simply impossible.
Instead, everyone should have some tolerance towards other cultural values which are not really harmful.
Once people start to understand each other and make a compromise, the community will certainly be more harmonious, colorful and wonderful.
Last week our English club asked students about their weenkend activites.Our question was about weekend activites.Here are the result.
We found that only 40 percent of our students hard-working at home .25 percent of our students watch TV or listen to music.20 percent of our students use of the internet and go online.
And 10 percent help with housework.The other 5 percent do exercise.
I think it is a good way to relax by doing exercise or helping with housework.Exercise such as playing sports is fun ,and you can spend time with your friends and your family as you play together.And remember,"Old habits die hard".So start exercising before it 's too late .
celebrate the coming of spring with songs and dances.Kunming now is a thriving modern city.It's also a development of the international tourist city.At present,it has become a center for the world Expo to collect the natural scenery and ethnic traditions as one of four seniors_tourist city destinations and more and more tourists are coming to this city.As far as I am concerned that if I can visit this city in my summer holiday,I may attend to put a raincoat in the pack as well in that there is a lot of rain and it's quite likely that the city of Eternal spring will welcome me with spring showers.
I'm a university president who live in school and know the students well.
I listen to their desire what is they want to and know about their anxiety.
Certainly, I also listen to their music in stereo in order to make friends with them.
I listen to them who in the silence of the night piercing cry.
They come to me to ask how they should spend their entire life.
I would like to remind them that the road ahead is long and it will have meandering along the way to be more than they expected.
There will be plenty of time to change jobs, change careers, change attitudes and approaches.
They don't want to hear such things.
They want a map-right now-that they can follow directly to career security, financial security, social security and, presumably, a prepaid grave.
Europe,a developed place which is full of romantic.In there,let me introdude the most beautiful city in my mind,it's Switzerland.
Switzerland is satuiated in the middle of Europe,cover an area of 4.1 square kilometers and have about 750 thousand people.Beren, the capital of Switzerland,is known as chocolate and sweet candy.It also has one of the most famous cities in the world,Geneva.
Near the Switzerland,there are many famous countries such as Austria,France,Italy and German.When you get to Switzerland,because of the convenient transport,you can not only enjoy Switzerland,but also have a look at other countries.
Berne is visited by many tourists each year who come to see the good scenery.Switzerland have a nickname described it well which is "The garden of the world ".
In addition,the country is also famous for its watch,chemistry and food.As we known that swatch is a good brand.
As a result of it shows your respect for others.
Only that person has some things that make himself unhappy or are important, he will tell you those things.
It can promote understanding and set a good relationship between other people.
I think everyone should listen carefully.
Especially, those people who is parent or teacher.
The parent listens to kids to learn and understand them and dismiss the generation gap.
Otherwise, they will have a long distance and cause many problems.
The teacher also has the responsibility to pay attention to listening to students and to meet the needs of them.Besides, classmates can improve the friendship, teach and learn from each other by listening.
Last but not least, the way of listening is important.
When others speak, we should keep silence.
If friends need us to help them, we should try our best to offer our suggestions.
Then we can be a good listener.
With the development of today's technology, education plays more important role in the whole country's development than before.
