I'm a senior high school student.
I have read the article about the discussion that whether high school students can take mobile phones to school.
As far as I'm concerned, we should consider it from two sides.
In one hand, students' taking mobile phones to school is convenient for parents to connect with them.
What's more, students can get a lot of fun from their mobile phones too.
In the other hand, phoning during lessons may disturb other students as well as wasting time.
The most important is that using mobile phones to cheat on examinations do harm to the students.
So what I want to say is that students taking mobile phones to school should obey the rules as follows.
Firstly, they shouldn't use mobile phones during lessons or examinations.
Secondly, they'd better unload the games.
And they need to look after their mobile phones or they may make a trouble to school.
Recently some banks for the sake of making profits extend their business to university campus and offer credit cards to students .
To be honest, I can't stand by this idea perpetually.
There are some reasons.
Principally, for those who can study in university with parent's supporting.
That is to say, parents are their financial sources, and they also are no capability of earning their expenses.
Therefore, if they spend their money recklessly from credit cards, they will make their family involve in financial crisis.
What's worse, most students who can't control the willing of consumption, and never make a plan to spend their money.
So they maybe use credit cards to buy something unprofitable.
This not only is a behaviour of overspending, but also is a behaviour of blind spending.
I do not support that behaviour.
In addition, I have seen a truthful thing that my friend payed a lot of money to bank because of the credit cards cheating.
This is a lesson paid for blood.
As far as I am concerned, l do not think that credit cards is good for students.
With the rapid development of international, the world has become a village.
In this village, China has attracted more and more people from around the world, concerned about the same time, more and more people begin to learn Chinese.
There are a variety of reasons for them to learn Chinese.
Some maybe think Chinese is an ancient and magic language and is worth to learn .Some maybe want to learn Chinese culture.
Some maybe just want to acquire another language besides their mother tongue.
As a Chinese college student, I am proud that there are so many people trying to learn my mother tongue ,while I am also worried about that maybe someday ,I came across a foreigner whose spoken Chinese was better than mine.
I think it is possible in the occasion that we attach importance to English than Chinese .So we should strengthen our education of Chinese and cannot forget our mother tongue.
Life is wonderful,everyone has their own life,and full of interested things.Look at our currant social media and technique are developed,so the wonderful life also has a TV media,put some social phenomenon and some wonderful things it conveyed to us,let us feel the wonderful world.And now TV show has a lot of,so we can discover their favorite programs.For me,one of my favorite shows is CCTV5,like sports,I always like to watch some about sports shows,especially like the basketball program,because I love the sport of basketball,it can give me power,increase my passion for life,and can enhance physical fitness.Also like the news program,pay more attention to some news on current politics and some state affairs.This will support us to understand society,learning to live.Life is wonderful,but also because we can absorb from TV programs.
Recently foreign teacher Mr. Smith from Canada become the oral English teacher of our class.He is a handsome young man of medium height.He has two big eyes with glasses.He is very friendly,he often with the help of students.And he is humorous and outgoing.He is a good teacher because he has much knowledge and can make his classes lively and interesting.Even though he is easy to get along with students,he is very strict in our studies.We all like him because his teaching method is good and we think we can make greater progress with he.
when talking about an important person,firstly Mancy will appear in my head.She is my classmate in high school.She is a little bit short with a pair of small eyes.Everytime when she smiles,her eyes will squint to a line like a new moon.The first impression she leaves to other will always be quiet.In fact she really is and has very good temper.
But we didn't like each other at the beginning when she sat beside me.I thought she was too cold that I felt very boring at class.She was always busy with her assignment and unconcerned about what happening around.Unfortunatly,my feet bone-broken one day,I have to sit in bed for at least 15 days.So I asked for leave and stayed at home.Life went so slow,I can hardly do anything.At the third day,Mancy called me,which surprised me a lot.She asked for my feet and told me that she had kept all the important notes down for me.Then the rest days,we kept sending messege everyday.
After that ,I backed to my school with the help of walking stick.When I arrived in school I found that Mancy had prepared everything ready for me.And she helped me in almost all the aspect in my daily life,including my breakfast,lunch,dinner,water and so on.She was always by my side to assist me when I'm walking.And what't more,she even helped me washing my feet and my sockets.She has given me too much moving stories during that time.Naturally,we became best friends later.And we built up our own tacit understanding in a very short time.Everyday in class,we laughed and discussed the problems of studying.Also,we shared our own problems of living and kept no secrets from each other.I was willing to believe her completly.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.Mancy taught me mang things.It is her that let me realize what the true significance of friendship,and it is her that always making me feel warm during my difficult time.And I believe that we'll cherish this friendship through our lifetime.
Nowadays,Internet has spread all over our lives so we are prefer to talk and share something with family or friends online.
Displaying wealth online has become a common phenomenon.
Someone likes to upload some designer clothing pictures online and write down how much or where to buy it.
Someone would write about their experience,such as how much they spent,bought what namebrand products.
People differ their different attitudes towards this phenomenon.
Some people say it's right to share something with others online.
They think it's not big deal that display wealth online.
However,some people think it's arrogant of rich men.
They usually like to show their experience and possession to certify they are how rich.
It's terrible behavior for society.
As far as I am concerned, sharing something with others is wonderful things,but we can't show everything you want online.
Internet is a public places, we should make careful choice on what we are sharing.
As far as I am concerned ,there is no really between the sexes in present day in China.Although the development of China is very fast ,but people's traditional concept is not too much changing.
The phenomenon of men and it is common in China,especially in the country.For example ,woman is looking for the work harder than men.Becouse some people think that man works better than woman.
This traditional concept is wrong.We should promote equality between and women in a basic objective in China's social development.Although in the Chinese society,sometimes there exists inequlity in employment,women'position has been changed totally and improved virtually.
When I was a child,my dream is a teacher.As far as I am concerned that teaching is a meaningful thing,like a gardener's work.But when I grow up until now,I was determined to be a journalist,and now,I was working hard to make the dream come true.
advantage that one can obtain a lot of special informations.Though I know,it also have a long distance to let my dream come true,there are a lot of things should I do.Even if,there are many difficulties and I will do it.
Nothing is possible,I will show there is will,there is a way.
Pursuit of the dream is not smooth,but I believe hard-working will make it come true.
I glad to know that you will come to China for further study.
Now let me tell you what you are concerned with.
Beijing University is one of the best universities in China which is known for its history and influence.
If you go aboard in here, it can be very convenient for you to live.
People in here are very kind and enthusiastic that you can ask them for help when you are in trouble.
While you are going aboard, I'd like to provide help for you when you need me.
I'm looking forward to meeting you ib Beijing.
Li Hua.
Recently, the phenomenon of dormitory security has aroused great concern to public attention.
It is reported that students and universities were confronted with burglaries frequently on their dormitory, which made so many troubles to students.
From my point of view, to avoid this kind of crime, it is high time that students and universities take measures to resolve burglaries in dormitories.
There are numerous reasons why l support my point of view.
On the one hand, first of all, the school authorities should strengthen the management.
School authorities can deliver their orders to the security personnels that the security personnels should check the windows and doors when the students fall asleep, which can avoid thieves enter the dormitory.
Secondly, it has great significance to use the monitor on campus, in this case, we can find out the suspect by using the monitor.
On the other hand, it is wisdom that students deal with this kind of crime, which can reduce their property loss.
It is important for students to take good care of their possessions.
When they leave their dormitory, make sure that their valuables have been locked.
What's more, pay attention to suspicious individuals in case that they enter the dormitory.
Furthermore, make it for guaranteed that the doors and windows locked at midnight.
In conclusion, there is no.
denying that both the students and the school authorities take measures to solve burglaries in dormitories, because only in this way can we solve this kind of crime.
Nowadays,there are more and more young people leaving their family for earning money and supporting their whole family.They always overlook their parents who have no jobs and just stay in home.As a matter of fact,they really feel lonely.
Take me as an example ,I left home to study in college which was far away from my hometown.At the beginning ,I didn't feel homesick and seldom called back to my parents.I know my parents were so worried about my life in a strange environment.
when every holiday,such as the national day,Clear and Bright Day and May Day,my mother will tell me not to go back home due to the higher price of fare.
But I know that they strongly hope me to return.
Form my personal point of view ,I think a majority of parents wish their children would go home often.Because both parents like their children and want to see them.Therefore,please go home often.
Now,science is very essential.I suppose that science is useful and many reasons are given about it.
Science is necessary to most people in the modern world.Science is crucial to world peace and scientists are asking and answering many interesting and essential questions about people and their lives.Moreover,science can make us understand the importance of health and help us keep fit.
Let me share you some examples.With the development of computer,it becomes our friends.She can do many things and help us know more knowledge,play some computer games to relax us and can talk to friends and so on.With the rapid progress in the science of life,more and more people want to stay healthy,then they eat more vegetables and fruit in their free time.They also do more exercise to keep fit.
There are many different water resources in the world.
Include seawater and fresh water, and people have been clearing there areas for centuries.
Today, it is more and more worse, known as water pollution, and water pollution has been recognized as a global problem.
Water pollution has seriously affected People's Daily life.
Natural pollution is an important pollution way of the water.
Because the effect of geology dissolving change, rain fall from the atmosphere flush the ground, and flow into the rivers with too much pollutants.
For example, heavy metal pollution, chemicals pollution, excrement, bacterium, toxic gases and so on, so some harmful substances are existed in water.
Because of them, the water is polluted.
Another important cause of pollution is personal factor.
Because most of the water pollution is caused by human factors, this kind of pollution is close to our life.
Owing to the poor public awareness of environment, there is a great deal of polluted water sent out to clean water.
Including industrial wastewater untreated emission, domestic sewage discharge at will, and pesticide and fertilizer have abused without rules.
This kind of way is the most cause of water pollution.
Water pollution is a serious problem confronting the world today.
Two important cause of this problem are engendered by natural and human.
Because of them, we are face with serious water pollution and shortage in today.
I'm very happy to have you as English teacher.
As the world is becoming a global village, English is getting more and more important, so mastering English means we can see the world through a new window.
My English is just OK and the two main problems in my study are that I feel it difficult to learn words by heart, and that I often feel nervous when speaking English.
I really hope that you can give me good advice on how to memorize new words.
Another suggestion is to give us more chances to practice speaking.
I believe we can make much progress in English with your help.
Racial discrimination, or the color problem, refers mainly to Negroes in the United States, as they consist of one tenth of the total population.
The term "Negro" is applied to people descended or partly descended from slaves transported from Africa long ago.
(Note: *-Racial Discrimination) The "Mericans" illustrates a story about racial discrimination.
Racial discrimination had existed since a long time ago.
This phenomenon appeared in the reactionary ruling class.
They adopted legislation, administrative and other measures to claim and spread racial superiority and doctrine of racial hatred.
To take a long story short, racial discrimination is to distribute social status and legal status of people according to racial and ethnic.
In addition, it is a phenomenon which restricts and invasion other races' fundamental rights and freedom.
When I read the story, I can feel as if I was a "Merican", the writer would bear enormous pressure of the surrounding.
Such as kinds thought she is not a real American, and the parole or behavior of bullying her.
They usually asked her to act as a villain when they played together.
It is a heavy damage to writer' s heart.
There is an old saying, everything that we have all given by our parents.
These words mean as a child, we should filial piety to parents, but from this word we can find everyone can not choose their birth, color and languages.
We should not and have no right to discriminate against people who were born in some undeveloped countries.
The buddhist has a word that everyone is equal, we should not make chalk of one and cheese of the other.
In this way, the problem of racial discrimination would not exist.
We had desalinated racial discrimination in the modern, but at that period, it is a general awareness.
Those people thought playing with other races is a shame, and always bully others.
Powerful country gives them superiority, and social situation let them think everything is natural.
They thought they had a noble soul and blood relationship, the people from other races should not live in the same place and breathe the same air with them.
It is like those ancient nobles, and they must not marry with the ordinary people.
In fact, if they could, those colonies would not like to leave their country to other distant countries.
They led a wandering life.
Their countries got invasions.
They were sent to powerful countries as coolies.
On the ship which was dim, dirty and crowded, they struggled for survival.
They believed they could be back home one day.
As far as I can see, they were forced colonized, but they were worthy.
Because they have a staunch belief, the country which faced with perishing got survival.
As time goes on, racial discrimination is desalting decreasingly.
First, we should know, we have the same heart, and we have the same dignity.
Second, we should be good at propaganda or fighting.
Last but not least, we should have a dream.
Many years ago, a black man spoke his dream to the whole world.
His name is Martin Luther King.
He leaded the bus boycott and gain successful.
Since then, black people saw the dawn of freedom.
He shows us the life of a race is a strong solidarity and courage to fight.
One day, no matter where you are from, you can always get equal treatment.
This simple but thought-provoking cartoon can be naturally associated with the impacts of Internet on interpersonal communication:whether electronic communication can replace face-to-face contact.
with the development of the society,many people have been concerned with the problem of whether electronic communication can replace face-to-face contact .
There is probably some truth in both arguments,Some people say,electronic communication can replace face-to-face ,because it Internet shortens distance in communication.There is a grain of truth in these statements, but they ignore a more important fact.it leads interpersonal relationship to be cold.
As a youngster, I am convinced that it is of great necessity for us to strengthen communication in real life.
Accordingly, we should educate, advocate and encourage our friends, classmates and acquaintances to refuse addition to Internet.
To keep a harmonious relationship in the dormitory is really important for college students.
My definite answer is that we need to be considerate.
For one thing, consideration for others is an effective solution to conflicts in life, because being considerate means being careful not to bring inconvience to others or hurt others.
In a dorm, several students with different characters and habits share a limited space.
Therefore, one's behavior easily affects others.
So when enjoying chatting with friends on the phone, we should avoid speaking too loud and interfering those who are studying or having a rest.
When we have to stay up late, we should turn dow the light a little and make no noise.
For another, consideration for others is a bridge for friendship, because being considerate means understanding others.
With consideration, we can stand in others' shoes to deal with problems; without consideration, we may hurt others although we don't really mean to do so.
Therefore, consideration is the precondition of friendship.
In a word, we may have a harmonious dormitory relationship by means of mutual consideration.
As part of your campus life, what you have experienced in the dormitory can be a beautiful memory in the rest of your life.
In my junior high school when I have a good friend Li Guangxian.
He is a Korean.
He was thin and not high, looks very smart.
He was very easy to get along very easygoing person.
Whenever I saw him he was always smile.
He is a handsome boy, so there are always girls to his confession.
His father's company in China, so he very early on to follow his father came to China.
His English is very good but the Mandarin is not good.
We always need to use body language or sense to communicate.
We have a lot of the same interests and hobbies.
But the third grade when his father want him to go to the United States to receive a better education.
Since then we lost contact.
Although I have his e-mail, but he seems to use the new e-mail.
I miss you my old friend.
As far as i can see,i think going to classes should be optional for us students.Nowadays,we can see,in university,skipping classes is normal.Why this happens?Because some classes we must have to attend may not intersting fos us,so why not using the time to attend the class we are fond of.
University is a place where we can learn and develop ourselves.It's a free atmersphere.we have the right to choose what classes we have to attend,not attend every class.Having a choice to study helps us learn better.
It's more easy for teachers to teach us.as we all know,some students will skip the class they don't like.For teachers,it's upset to see studends skip their class,then,that will influence reachers' mood to teach others.And,those skipped classes will have publishment on the other hand.However,if we are optional to choose to have classes,we and teachers will benifit both.
We can have a knowledgeable of what we like.Attending each class is too messy,and we may not learn some usble things.If we put the time to concentrate on one subject,we will learn better.Wha's more,for us students,atttending more classes is not mean we can learn more thing or we are knowledgeable,on the other hands,we stand much preesure to learn,in such state,how can we learn better?
In one word,attening class should be potinal,which much better than attending each class,and we can learn more.
We feel very honored and thank you for your interest in our fireworks and firecrackers.
We are enclosing our illustrated catalogue and price list giving the details you ask for.At the same time,we guarantee delivery within the prescribed time limit,make sure the activity smoothiy.As to the terms of payment,we usually require confirmed,irrevocable Letter of Credit payable by sight draft.
We have already sold the fireworks and firecrackers to U.K. We feel confident that you will find the goods are both excellent in quality and very reasonable in price.Whatever,we are looking forward to your order .Hope we later aiso a lot of cooperation, establish a deeo friendship and long-term business dealings.
With best regards.
Welcome you to China, Glad to take you visit huangshan in my hometown, That is the whole of China's most beautiful scenic spots, You will like here so much.
In huangshan, there are all kinds of loose rocks, They like dogs, like fairy and so on, make you full of surprises.
Huangshan pine trees is very beautiful, the welcoming pine is everyone knows.
More beautiful is, of course, the mountain stream, steep mountain, When you walk in the mountain path, you can hear all kinds of beautiful birds, Smell the flowers fragrant.
Of course, my favorite is huangshan sea of clouds, give a person a kind of cool feeling, Sunrise is another one of my favorites, very beautiful and romantic.
I hope you like these, like my hometown, looking forward to your arrival.
Steve Jobs is a popular inventor and leader.
In 1976, he created a company named Apple with his friends.
Many years ago, he succeeded in this area and his name is remembered by everyone.
Off course, he used to be failure, however, he did not give up and finally he succeeded.
Jobs invents iMac, iPod, iPhone and many other productions.
This productions are used in our life and they ara really useful, so Jobs is really very creative, he changed our life and make our life more colourful.
In 1976, Jobs with his friends sold the first personal computer named AppleI,but then he found this personal computer is not sold so well.Finally a man named Paul Jay Terrell watched his computer and want to buy his productions.
Then Jobs's company developed quickly.
In 1985, Jobs meeted many problems and finally he leaved his company.In 1996, when Apple was confronting troubles, Jobs came back and everyone was confident with him, because he is so smart and creative.
In 1998, he created iMac2 and changed the failure, many workers took pride of him and saied "I work for Jobs".
In 2011.10.6, Jobs leaved the world, but I think we will remember him forever, Jobs, a creative and great man.
In my opinion, it is more important for students to learn facts than it is for them to understand ideas and concepts.For example, if a doctor needs to do an operation, then she or he has to know the facts of the patient instead of the concepts or the ideas of the operation.You cannot do the operation only if you know the facts about the patient.
But even it is more important for the students to learn the facts, they still need to understand the ideas and concepts.Let's go back to the operation again.If you don't know the ideas and concepts about the operation, then I am pretty sure that you cannot finish the operation in the right way, and maybe you will fail the operation owing to your ignorance of the ideas and concepts.It is remarkably easy to understand this example, so when we face some other situations, it is the same result.
In a word, students should pay more attention to the facts than to the ideas and concepts.At the meanwhile, ideas and concepts are still very important.Both of the facts and ideas need to be paid attention to while facts need to be paid more attention compared with ideas and concepts.
The Mid-Autumn Festival falls on August-15thof our Chinese lunar calendar.
It is one of the traditional Chinese festivals.
During the festival,family members get united and have moon cakes together.
THere is a lot kind of moon cakes,such as bean paste,egg-yolk or meat.
The shape of a mooncake is round as it symbolizes a big moon.
Moreover,in the evening of the Middle-Autumn Festival,people get together in a vacant place,eating delicious moon cakes while admiring the beautiful moon hanging in the sky.
My grand mother told me that the Mid-Autumn Festival is in honour of the goddess of moon who named Chang'e.
She is a beautiful goddess and she is very kind.
His husband is a hero.
One day, a bad person wanted to steal the medicine that the queen gave her husband to reward his good behaviour.
To prevent it,she had to eat it and then she flew to the moon.
Houyi was very sad.He looked at the moon every night and hoped Chang'e could come back.
The God was moved by him.
He allowed Chang'e to meet him once a year on August-15th.
To conclude,people get united on that day and it is the source of the Middle-autumn Festival.
We warmly welcome your enquiry of April 13 and thank you for your interest in our fireworks and firecrackers.
We are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.
As under separate cover, we are sending you some samples which will show you clearly the quality.
We trust that when you see them you will agree that our products appeal to the most selective buyer.
On the other hand, we are pleased to make you a firm offer of CIF UK.
We allow a proper discount in accordance with the quantity ordered.
As to the terms of payment we require the Letter of Credit payable by sight draft for the most part.
We look forward to your early reply.
She insisted on standing on a burning day with strong sunlight.
A crowd of trainees were complaining of the terrible weather and the drillmaster's strict requirement.
She turning left, a mountainous figure was in her sight.
He was standing still like a tall and straight pine, sweat pouring off him.
I had a very happy Spring Festival this year.
On New Year's Eve ,I watched the Spring Festival Gala with my parents when I was eating dumplings.The programme of it was very interesting.The voice of firecrackers was really loud so that I had to stay in my bedroom.
On the second day,I dropped in on my relative.I said "Happy New Year" to them and then they gave some money to me.That made me feel very tired but very happy because I can get money.
Dear Mary It is not easy being your age, and it is normal to have these feelings.
Once why don't you talk about these feelings with your mother.
If you talk about and communicate with your mother, your mother can see the relation.
Secondly, you should interpret that you don't mind your mother talks too much to your, but don't always talks to much to your.
And, don't argue with your mother.
Your mother loves you very much.
I hope things will be better for you soon.
Thanks for asking me about my school life.
I usually get up at 6 o'clock, I have my breakfast and then leave home.
I always ride bike to school.
It takes me about 20 minutes to get there.
At school, I hand in my homework before classes.
The first lesson starts at 9 o'clock.
There are 9 lessons a day.
I love all the lessons, I often do my homework when I got home from school.
Sometimes I play football with my classmates.
In PE class, I go to basketball training.
I play in the playground.
I always have a good time.
My school life is vey fun.
Please tell me about your school life.
Setting off is a way to celebrate in Spring Festival of China.However,there is a discussion about it in society recently.
On the one hand,most of them think that government is supposed to prohibit it.Because of the global warming,haze pollution of the city becomes more serious every day.So they turn down the firecrackers.
On the other hand,some people enjoy setting off in New Year's Eve.Their opinion shows that setting off is festive.
Personally,setting up in the Spring Festival is a traditional custom of China.Besides,we should reduce the usage amount of firecrackers because of the global warming.
I had a very happy and interesting weekends.
Last Sunday,I was going to get up early and then I was doing some sports.I felt tired,but it was helping me to keep healthy.At 8:00,I finished my homework and wanted to take a good rest.
I Saw my mother doing a good breakfast and I ran over to help her to do the breakfast.I think they have a good breakfast, so I was careful to do it.It was very delicious and I was very happy.
After doing the breakfast,I wanted to help my mom to do the housework.Fist,I went to the kitchen to do the dishes and clean it up.I washed dishes while listening to it again, so I don't feel bored.Ten minutes later,the kitchen became very clean and tidy.Second,I washed my clothes and I took my clothes to the window.
I opened the window and felt the wind dies down.I cleaned the floor again.
After five minutes, the floor is very bright.Then,I went to the living room to water the flowers.Some flowers wither quickly and I took the kettle watering them.Finally, I put a bag of rubbish into the dustbin.
At this time, my home became very clean and tidy.
I think it is important for the lazy kids to learn how to do the housework.
This was my busy and happy Sunday,but I felt very good.I love my weekend, how about you?
Tell me something about your weekend.
Internet play an important role in our daily lives.Many people like reading in the Internet ,especially among the young people.To this phenomenon,people have different opinions.
Some people say e-book is their favourite,they hold the opinion to the reason of it is convient to find the book which they want.It saves time.What's more,reading in the Internet strength initiate of readers.Readers can comminute with each other.They also can comment on after reading in the Internet.Public interest is stimulated by e-book.Moreover,e-book saves the paper.It is not necessary to print books by lots of papers.
While others think that e-book is not good for readers in the following reasons.First,there are some mistakes in the e-book,it has a little different from original.It is not good for people to use it,especially for students.Second,e-book needs computer and Internet.Not everyboby has this condition.It still not popular among people.Third,people read in the Internet for a long time do harm to their body health.It is bad for their eyes and antisternum.So people should spend less time in reading e-book.
As far as I am concern,e-book has advantages so that we can use it.When we want to find a book which is hard to find in the library,we can use e-book.At the same time,we should control the time that reading e-book.We also should take measures to make e-book perfect.
As is known to all,today the quality of our natural environment has become an important issue.
As the time went by,the world population is rising so quickly that the world has become too crowded.
Therefore,it's high time we should take some measures to save our home.
We are using up our natural resources and at the same time polluting our environment with dangerous chemicals.
If we continue to do this, life on earth cannot survive.
Concerned people have made some progress in environmental protection.
Governments of many countries have established laws to protect the air, forests and sea resources and to stop environmental pollution.
Still more measures should be taken to solve environmental problems.
People should be further educated to recognize the importance of the problems, to use modern methods of birth control, to conserve our natural resources and recycle our products.
We are sure that we can have a better and cleaner place in the future.
It is said that one can not succeed without a strong will, which I absolutely agree with for the following reasons.
Firstly, a strong will will guarantee a person can persist in doing what he or she want.
If one can't devote enough time and effort, the goal to be achieved seems to be far away.
What the picture reflects is a common phenomenon in our daily life.
There are a man who is in a small room as a snail shell, some books and a computer is outside the room.
He pays money to a deliver of meals.
Some students, in college, their roommates can send meals to them and classmates can help to sign.
At home, they also stay alone, their parents send meals in their room.
They are unwilling to go out, so they can buy something in the Internet when they need.
In the daily life, they would rather shut-in themselves than go out.
On the one hand, it's a disadvantage of the door-to-door service in society.
On the other hand, the education of schools and parents may be wrong.
But it mainly attribute to their sense of laziness.
We can draw the conclusion that people of the homebody produce easily our dependence and laziness.
It's negative influence for our health in psychology and body.
Gradually, interpersonal communication will be worse, interpersonal relationship become shorter.
In recent years, the domestic food safety problem continuing concern.Food safety has even been coined to deleterious effects of society and people's livelihoods.An increasingly number of people come upon this problem,which should be pay more attention to.
Illegal cooking oil has been in the news a lot in the last few years,many restaurants were shown using illegal cooking oil instead of edible oil.Eating fruits included chemical additive and drinking tainted milk for a long time will harmful to the health excessively.
Raising people's awareness of food safety is necessary to everyone.First,we should show solicitude for food hygiene.Next,avoiding eating at the dirty street is also essential .
It is the duty of everybody to improve quality of food safety.
There is a shortage of labors in most coastal areas during these years.The phenomenon is far from groundless.And this short essay is to evaluate briefly the forces behind this trend.
companies.Since American sub prime triggered a global financial crisis in 2007,governments have taken a lot of stimulus measures,and the economy has been gradually recovering,the enterprise order began to increase.However,enterprise,because of the financial crisis, fired some staff.The contributing reason is the labor structure is not reasonable.At present,all kinds of colleges, in the process of training talents,disjoint labor market demand.On the one hand, graduate students can't find jobs.On the other hand,enterprise can't find skilled workers.Graduate students always have higher expectations and lack the spirit of endure a hardship.So companies are reluctant to hire them in some individual regions, and graduate students don't want to go to it.Last but not least, labor-intensive enterprises' labor demand is strong.In the process of economic development,the traditional industry still have large share,especially the transformation of industry enterprises move slowly,lack technological innovation,and they constantly copy or imitate the success of the original pattern,which lead to rapid growth in demand for labor.
To sum up,the governments and the unions can't delay the responsibility of dealing with it actively.
"Dear John" is a novel by Nicholas Sparks,published in 2010.Nicholas Sparks was born in the United States in December 13,1965.He graduate from Notr Dame.Nicholas Sparks was called the king of the United States department of love novel.His novels are always in best-selling.Nicholas Sparks' story "Message in the Bottle"(1999)brought him his first success.The following years,he published "The Notebook",which also made a great hit.After that,"Nights in Rodanthe"(2008),"Dear John"(2010),"The Last song"(2010),"Safe Haven"(2010)and "The Lucky One"(2012) were turned out one after another and they brought Nicholas Sparks more popular.
This is a book of love but not only love.John is a special solider.
Savannah is a college student.In a holiday, John met Savannah on the beach and fell in love at first sight.But he had to return the army,or even be stationed overseas.Time of day after day in the past,they rely on the letter to keep their love.Two years later,John's military service ended.But the beginning of the war,he had to extend the service time.He received a Dear John Letter from Savannah.John felt so despair,but he didn't immediately call Savannah and fly home.He just put the letter back into the envelope and decided where to go with it,like carrying on the battle field injuries.Many years later,John found the secret of Dear John Letter.They were met again in the street.Savannah was married with Tim.In the end, John set on the hillside to see Savannah and her recovery husband seemingly warmth and love.He is getting the greatest satisfaction.
This is an absorbing story that the reader cannot put down the book before he finishes reading it.The actor has the great love and selfless love,just hope his love happy but not has it.True love is like that.Don't ask the price to pay and make you love happy.
They make good pets because of lots of reasons.
First, parrots can live for a long time, they can live for about 50 years.
Second, parrots can think about your thought easily, for example, they can make you happy by saying some interesting words.
Third, parrots are very clever, they can speak, and they can bring you lots of happiness by talking with you.
I think parrots make the best pets is because they are smart and they are easy to take care of.
I am sure they can bing you lots of happiness.
On the September of last year,I came to the college which is called Northeastern University of Qinhuangdao.Although our school is a bit small,it is beautiful.
The most interesting place I would like to take him to see is the"Zhiyuan pavilion.
"It is standing in the middle of my school.And it is surrounded by clear water.There are many goldfish swimming in the lake.Feeding the fish is interesting for us.We can arrive at the pavilion through a long bridge which is funny.If the weather is sunny,we can rest in there and enjoy the great view.It must be enjoyable for us.Piavilion is the example building of the ancient of China.At here,he will have a different experience from his country.I hope he will like here like me.
Nowadays,it's popular to live in a low-carbon life.The reason is that the lifestyle can decrease the carbon's production.Plus,it can also decrease the use of energy.
However,how should we do to lead this life?It's a significant issue.We should try our best to do it.There are many ways to do.For example, we can go to company or school by bus,by bike instead of by car.It'll decrease much carbon's production,save much money and time.Saving paper and water is also a way to lead a low-carbon life.
Therefore,we should do it from our daily life.Not only can it protect the environment,but also can keep our money.What's more, it's good for our health.
Hello, everyone, I am glad to talk about being a good listener.
Listening is a good quantity that can show respect to others.
As why listening can show respect is that when you listen carefully from another, you can totally understand what they say.
Also, it can build a bridge between us.
There are many respects during listening.
First, we need to listen to our parents.
Although sometimes they may make mistakes, they are always right.
They have much more experience than us, therefore, we should listen to them.
In this way, they will also listen to us.
More respects they will show to us, which will make less trouble between us.
Second, teachers always listen to us, they can know more about us while listening to us, and because of this, they can help us in a right way.
Third, it is important for us to listen to each other among classmates.
We can learn from each other and it can strengthen friendship.
Last but not at least, we can listen to others by asking them questions.
It is necessary that we should keep quiet.
Thank you for listening.
Nowadays,we can hear many inconceivable and malignant things happened continually.And we can find out many of these people who are in the highest flight,contributing to these things,are the young people.That means it's time for us young people to improve our individual quality.
Every person would have an experience for school, so the education we received when we are at school is extraordinary essential to us during our life.
In reality, when we are at school, we should not only master the knowledge on the book but the character education.
Maybe the reason why there are many bad things is that these people can not receive better quality-oriented.So, schools should pay more attention to enhancing students' quality such as filial piety,honesty and so on.And only we all possess these good qualities can our society possess beauty and harmony, and the harmonious society will push the people forward to behaving superior to before.Then there will be a positive cycle from which every one will benefit.
This may be the significance of the quality-oriented education.
Recently,many students find themselves frequently dizzy and lack of energy.Some even have difficulty getting abundant sleep and arousing their appetite,which has bad influence on their daily study.
As we prepare for the exam,we should get both our mind and body ready.Above all,a carefully designed revise timetable always help.What's more,we should break the balance between study and rest by no means,even caught in hard work.Last but not least,it can be a wise choice to have a bath or have warm milk in order to relieve stress and get high qualified sleep.
In my opinion,we should attach great importance to keeping health from the perspective of the immediate interest.
come,my friends will very happy.
and enjoy the beautiful scenery while eating.After lunch we will have many activities.For example we can play football on the lawn or play chess.We also boating in the lake.I'm sure that we will have a good time.
I sincerely hope that you can come.I'm sure that this is a memorable experience.
According to a questionnaire on "ways of obtaining information", there are 72% of them tend to obtain information by watching TV, while people who read newspaper only take up 12%.From my point of view, both TV and newspaper play significant roles in acquiring knowledge, but newspaper its more available to us.
To begin with, the news in newspaper has insights into the current affairs, which the TV can not match.Meanwhile, there is no limitation to reading newspaper.
So you can read it no matter what the time is or where you are.
More importantly, when reading newspaper, we have to learn it by heart, which benefits to our intelligence.
It is advisable that more people put their hands to reading newspaper, for the sake of our comprehension as well as the ability to analysis social issues.
I'm very happy to introduce the Great Wall to you.
The Great wali is in the north of China.
It has two thousand years old history.
The Great Wall is 8851.8 kilometres long and it is built by man.
The Great Wall is China's ancient person created.
It has a long history.
It is used to defense the enemy.
Persons all the building of the Great Wall is very hard, we must protect the Great Wall.
Today,the Great Wall was becoming very popular.
I think the Great Wall is a wonderful and great building.
It will be famous all over the world.
I love it very much.
My favorite place is my hometown.
My hometown is Pingtan.
It is a beautiful place.
The scenery is very fascinating.
The people there are sweet-tempered and amicable.
The air is very fresh.
The food is very delicious.
Although in the winter is very cold there, I don't feel cold at all.
I went to my hometown once a month.
When I went my hometown, I often go out with my old friends.
Most of time, I stay at home to accompany my parents and sister.
With the development of times, my hometown has changed a lot.
I hope it will become better and better.
At the age of rapid development of science and technology ,various kinds of new technology have sprung up,including e-book.
It is widely used in the word.
Almost mobile phones are equipped with this function.
As the saying goes:Every coin has two sides.On one hand, e-book makes our life easier.First,we just need to download the information into the mobile phone which is portable.
We don't need to carry a thick book as before.
Second, making paper needs amount of trees while using e-book saves natural resources.
At the same time, it has large capability, we can store useful things in it in case of need.
On the other hand, e-book does harm for some teenagers.
As every knows that some teenagers have preference for novels.
No matter where they are or what they do, they are always reading novels.
This bad behavior will affect their study and let them pay less attention on other things.
What's more, it will has side effect on their eyes because of the radiation from the mobile phone.
From my point of view, although e-book becomes more crucial in our daily life, we should use it correctly, not excessively.
Once More To The Lake is a splendid and perfect essay of E. B.
White which was first published in Harper's magazine in 1941.
The essay is about the author's revisit to a lakefront resort, Belgrade Lakes, where he has visited several times as a child.
The author revisits his ideal vacation spot in order to recall the best memories about happy hours in childhood, but he is ironically obliged to admit the fact that he is now a man instead of a little boy and the environment around the lake has already changed.
The reason for the author's wishes to revisit the vacation spot is that he intends to find some sweet memories of his childhood.
We can see clearly that the environment around the lake is exceedingly charming and attractive.
White says that "the vacation was a success and from then on none of us ever thought there was any place in the world like that lake in Maine.
We returned summer after summer--always on August 1st for one month.
"The author is full of expectations as the lake symbolizes his youth ages and his most careless time.
Hence, he regards this period as the most memorable time in his childhood so he intends to take his son with him to this place so that his son may have a chance to enjoy the beauty of the lake.
However, to his disappointment, he finds that he is not able to return to his childhood as he is getting too old to remember all moments of the fun on the lake.
In addition, the lake also has changed since the last time he was there.
When he was still a little boy, the resort was well-known for the attractive landscape of lakes and hills there.
The lake was nearly virgin with various kinds of wildlife but there was not any highways to it or any modern equipment.
When I read this,I am also sad and sorrowful with the changes occurred around the river.In the past, it was a picturesque resort which was appropriate for relaxing and enjoying.
However, it is ruined by the development of the economy, science and technology.
Since people pay a lot of attention to money, they do their utmost to promote the development of the economy at the cost of the environment.
Economic development and environmental protection are a tough problem primarily for developing countries which want to catch up with developed countries by consuming natural resources on an unprecedented scale.
However, now this issue is pressing for all the countries in the world.
Any idea of posing economic development and environmental protection as diametrically contradictory is foolish and ridiculous.
Since no country is willing to stop its economic development, the best way is to strike a balance between the two and to heighten the environmental awareness of those solely concerned with economic development.
If we can all realize the importance of our environment and the balance between technology and the environment, it may be feasible for us to save natural beauties and leave them to the next generations in the future.
Like the author of the essay, I cannot accept the fact that the river has transformed into its current condition, let alone adjust to it.
In addition, I am deeply convinced that the author gets profound inspirations after he compares his sweet memories and the cruel fact.
Although it is a pity that the beautifully natural river has changed, we can also try our best to do what we can do to make the earth more attractive.
And now the social no strong will is good,strong will isu the important guarantee of success.
Now as if a man with strong will,thatamounts to your success in half,and then you can accomplish great mision.So as the students nd so should we,have a strong will,study hard for people to become a national useful person in society.If you don't have a strong will and not study hard that ultimately won't be useful workers.
So to day's us more because this to tke the opprtunity to study hard,don't let your youth lef fee.
Some people think that the school is the manufacture romantic place.And most of the students like it very much.For example if a person would like to have the confession,they always use the candle to suspend a heart-shaped and say whatever they want to say to each other.
In my opinion,for the student to say that this is a good thing because it can increase their imagination.And it also can cause the school life to be more richly colorful.But all matters have both advantageous and disadvantageous of the two sides.There is still a lot of problems in it,for example these students always use these hackneyed stuff method to cause the life to be more and more bored.
I believed the majority student all like the romance in particular the girls.We can use the different way to do it then make the school more and more interesting.
After reading your letter,I know that you are having a hard time in the new school.
Firstly,you feel homesick because you have lots of friends in the previous school,but few here.I think you should take it easy and try to enjoy the new surroundings.What's more,you must take an active part in class activities to get along with your classmates.They can know more about you in this way.
Secondly,you think because you are tall and fat, your new classmates always stay away from you.In my opinion,you should be confident enough and like yourself for who you are.You can also try to smile at your teachers and classmates.This behavior can show your kindness.
Besides,it seems to have become a barrier in the communication with new classmates because you are poor in Chinese.In fact,language is not the biggest problem.You ought to be brave and try to communicate with new classmates actively.Then you can make friends with your classmates.
I hope my tips can help you out.Just stay happy as before!
I have a good friend,and he is Shenqiang.
He became my best friend,because he teaches me something very important and makes me laugh.
He is as tall as me and we both like playing sports.
However, he plays football superior to me, and I study harder than him.
He is more outgoing than me, and to speak more loudly than me.
Nonetheless, I am more quietly than him,and I like to learn more than him.
He is talented in playing chess.
He is a good listener,and he truly cares about me.
He is in Deyang no.
Six Middle School,nonetheless I'm in Deyang no.
Five Middle Schools.
So we can't always together.
But,we also play together.
Shenqiang often helps to bring out the best in me.
We often play football together.
He represents football better, so he always wins.He would have better grades if he had studied hard.
Nonetheless I always get better grader than he does,so maybe I should help him more.
He likes eating meat,and I like eating meat too.
Because we both think meat is very delicious.
Although he likes to eat fruit,I don't like it.
These are the similarities and differences.
My mother told me a good friend is like a mirror.
Nevertheless I think it's not necessary to be the same.
care if my friends are the same as me or different.
As is known to all,wenzhou is a wealthy city to live in.Which is located in the eastward on the zhejiang province,the east part surrounded by the east China sea.Going eastward,we caught sight of beautiful scenery as well as sea.
On weekends,people prefer to drive to play,rather than go on foot.Scenery is within three hours by car.Most of people agreed that the people whom come from wenzhou are have a gift for doing business.With the rapid development of economy,Wenzhou has succeeded in attracting tourists from home and abroad,some of them settle down in wenzhou.The reason why people choose to live in the city is that the life is more convenient and colorful.
Your come from wenzhou will be highly appreciated.I'm looking forward to meeting you in no time.
Frankenstein is a film which was directed by James Whale in the 1931.
The main characters are monster, played by Boris Karloff, and a scientist Frankenstein, played by Kenneth Branagh.
This film told the story of a scientist who created a monster that resembled a human being.
Frankenstein is a scientist who is from Geneva, in Suizerland.
One day he found the secret of how to create a new life from the dead bodies, after he creates a man who is very large and ugly who can terrified anyone see him, Frankenstein begins to avoid that problem, so he comes back to his hometown and gets ready to marry his sister.
As for the monster, he starts to hate Frankenstein, because he can't find any friends, he gets to be lonely and unhappy, even though he has human emotions and intelligent.
The monster tries to find the home of Frankenstein, and then he murders Frankenstein's brother and friend.
Then, he asks Frankenstein to create a wife for him, but Frankenstein refuses immediately.
When Frankenstein gets marry with his new wife, the monster hunt Elizabeth's heart, so she dead.
Frankenstein is very upset and angry, he wants to create his wife, so he uses his dead friend's body to do that, but the monster also wants to get that woman.
But unluckily, that woman gets crazy about what happened on herself, she jumps down the floors and dead.
The monster gets away and Frankenstein wants to kill him, at the end of this firm, both Frankenstein and the monster are dead in a cold area.
Today, plenty of students pay less attention to the study of Chinese.
Many students, especially high school students and college students, spend less than 2 hours studying Chinese.
In some college, even no Chinese classes are provided to some majors.
Thus, there comes the ridiculous fact that Chinese students are poor in Chinese.
There are two main reasons for this phenomenon.
One is that many students have been struggling against science subjects like mathematics and physics since they were in junior high school and have been used to the negligence of Chinese studying.
The other is that students tend to think that Chinese are dull and have nothing to do with their future.
They consider Chinese as an endless reciting job which is no more than useless.
Therefore, students do not pay much attention to Chinese studying.
To solve this problem, in my opinion, it requires the effort of the whole society.
We should let students know what Chinese means to them and how important it is to learn Chinese well.
We should let them know that Chinese is not the combination of tedious reciting work and unreadable ancient Chinese proses.
Also, changes should be made to the Chinese textbooks to make them become recipient and more interesting for the students.
College life just likes twinkle stars shining in my heart.Now,let me tell something about my wishes and fears of the following 4 years of college life.
Generally speaking ,we are supposed to have a good command of new skill in college.So,I hope that I can try my best to learn it well and put it into practice freely.In addition ,as we all know,life without friends just like life without sunshine.So, I am looking forward to sharing a pure friendship.Last but not the least,college club are what I can not be ignored .
In the club ,I have the chance to pursuit what I am longing for.For instance ,I will take part in the dancing club to satisfy my dancing dream .However,pain and happiness are accompanied during the time.I am afraid of the conflict between the working and my study.And I am obsessed with fears of my ability .Although,I often tell myself that my fitness for the job should not be questioned .In a word,I should be more confident.
College life will be colorful,I can relay on it that I will live my everyday to the fullest.
My name is F, 19 years old, I come from W City, X City, my hobby is playing badminton, listening to music, play games, I am very happy to come to this school feel a little not accustomed to, because I do not know how many people, but I am now accustomed to, in high school is a love of learning, but the entrance exam is not good, is not learning English, and later in their own will strengthen the English learning.
It is more and more popular that people do the online shopping.
Maybe, we can say, the online shopping is taking place of the old shopping forms.
You can find plenty of advantages of it.
On one hand, it is convenient that you can get your goods at home because you buy by mail.
One the other hand, you can really reduce money, you know, goods online seems cheaper, that is also one reason why people like it.
Meanwhile, the choice become varies immediately, you can see all kinds of goods without wandering in the mall,just click your mouse.
But, there is also backwards of it.
The quality is not guaranteed, maybe the clothe is not your size, you probably miss your goods if the deliver is not responsible.
In my opinion, online shopping really change the way we live and improve our living standard.
I think more and more people will be accustomed to it if it can be more perfect.
In the university,the self-study is each student must acquire.
So, go to where to self-study is a chose.
There are two viewpoints in students.
One point of view is that some students support learning in Study Hall.
Because of the Study Hall have a quiet environment.
A good environment can make students more quickly into the state of learning.
So, the efficiency of learning will improve.
Thuswise, in the case to ensure the quality of learning, students have more time to do other things.
The rest of students more like learning in the dormitory.
First of all, they think learning in the dormitory is very convenient.
They can drink water when they feel thirsty.
Eat some food if they feel hungry.
And so on.
Second, they think self-study in the dormitory can save time to go to study hall.
For these two views, I prefer to study in study hall.
As far as I am concerned.
The dormitory is a place to dwell, not a place to study.
Besides, I like a quiet environment.
A good environment can make me into study quickly.
from other students.
So, I study in study hall frequently.
With the development of the society,especially the advanced technique,this brings enormous rubbish and makes dust and atmospheric moisture.Not only does great harm to people's health but also preclude the social progress.
In connection with life trash,such as abandoned batteries,plastic sack and paper,we should make full use of them or recycling instead of throwing them everywhere.Furthermore, the best way is to sort them in different materials in order to deal with them well.
In addition, we have to pay more attention to plastic bag and other plastics because they are hard to break down and they will erode the soil, and if we bury them inside the surface the land,as time goes by,which not only pollute underground water but also contaminate the crops and plants even human beings' lifestyle.
In the end, l do contend some effective measures should be taken,at the same time,we should take part in the action in the trivial things from now on.
In short,we have to spare no effort to protect the environment.There is no double that waste sorting will bring a lot of benefits to our life and society.
To love is to be human .To need love is also to be human .All of us in the world will love and to be love .All of us has someone we love most .The one who I love best is my mother.
My mother is not beautiful but she is goodness and laborious.
She devotes all herself to my family.
She teaches what I can do and put all her energy on the family .I learns a lot from my mother.
When I was a pupil she got up very early and cooked for me.
After breakfast she sent my brother and I to school.
When I will went to college she help clean up every thing I need .and told me to took care of myself .A mother's love is like this simple and selfless.
Love of is like the moon .when it close not increase it .To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness existence decreases.
My mother loves me and I love my mother too.
I am 90s .
And so ,I don't think the people who around me as the age of 80s or 90s is Brain damage.
eager to express their own ideals.
Yes, we crave in the handset computer and so on the high tech.We like in the network roaming through.Occasionally also can indulge in the game.We also have dream .
Perhaps our ideal is not that great, but that also is a matter which we want to do .
But Now on the network media has very many not good appraisals .
Some people said 90 is the brain is remnant.But more and more people think we are selfish and no sense of responsibility of the pronoun.as our generation,we have many responsibilities but we just have tow hands so we have to take care of many people in one time.In the social .we have know only a litte about the interpersonal relationship and other social rules .just some time ,we could adapt to that.
If you are not really know the people ,you don't speak what they are .
AS we know,the happiest thing is playing more and morn the important role in our daily life.However,all coins has two sides.What's happy?
There is some happiest things to me.
First,the great chance has taken place to my hometown.With the development of the city,my hometown will become more and more beautiful.Second,with the teacher's help,my studies had great progress.I think it is the best way to improve my study.I believe that hard work,great progress is taking place to me,which happiest thing happened to me.Third,my happiest that I have a good friend.I had a friend when I was sad,he sad either.Meanwhile,we have happiest each together.It is my good friends,he always help me.It is well so that some happiest things happened to me.
AS far as I can see,the happiest things is my life.Such as,healthy,happy,friend and so on.I am very glad to appreciate that some happiest things happened to me.Only in this way,can I happy.I was so happy.It was the happiest time in my life,and it was so funny.
A great change is now taking place in higher education,because more and more students can evaluate their taeachers'education,which can make the education effective improved.It has become as common in colleges and universities for students to grade teachers as for teachers to grade students.
However,some people are strongly against it.
Because they believe teachers can make a good condition for students to study and students should be asked establish a view of right and wrong.They also should estimate what they themselves have learned in a course.
As far as I can see,I think Students'Evaluation of Teachers is necessary.I think it's a good measure to improve the education effectiveness.For example,when students feel their grade are not become better,and they can give some advice to their teachers based on their questions from studying.After that teachers should know the emphasis what they can give to the students.Of course,the students' evaluation of teachers should be conducted in a way that can really meaningful light on teachers' performance.
If you can do this,I think the realtionship between teachers and students must become better and better,and both of them can abrouse interest in the subject.
Darling.darling.
You, my darling.
Give me your hand.
Let me feel your presence.
You are my sunshine.
You are the one that I want.
You are my favorite.
You are my everything.
Oh,dear,you are my everything.
I really need you in my life.
Trust me and trust my love.
It won't because the time goes by.
Please don't walk away.
Please stay.forever.forever.
With the development of the society, people are thriving in economic prosperity.
So we can find that many cities in the world are facing a large number of increased pollution.
Firstly, government should strengthen supervision and punishment.
As far as I concerned, if the government take into serious consideration to the air pollution and take actions to deal with it, we can easily to live in a clean and comfortable place.
It's important for public officials to take control of the emission gases, such as carbon dioxide.
Secondly, as a common person, every little effort from individuals counts.
Therefore, we can choose to walk instead of driving.
As is known to all, with the development of the economy, more and more transportation systems have been put into use.
Besides, what we should do is to plant some trees.
As far as I reported, plants can use the carbon dioxide for photosynthesis.
Gradually, the more industries there are, the worse the environment there is.
Then the air pollution is coming.
So we need to enlarge the amount of the green space.
In conclusion, in order to deal with the air pollution and protect our living conditions, we must keep in our minds that we have to induce the emission gas of the industry, increase the amount of trees and make more changes.
We can find love everywhere,and it is pure and precious.I also discover the wonderful love around me.That's from my dear mum.
She is really a great and nice woman I think.She loves me very much.Every morning she gets up quietly and early to prepare breakfast for me.I often feel the love from it.She always gives me encouragement which helps me become better and makes me more confident..She never expresses her love in words but I can exactly know it.
Mother's love affects me.The love around me is so beautiful.
Christmas Eve day before christmas day in 24 December.
A long sock which children leave out when they go to bed on Christmas Eve.
So that it can be filled with present.
Christmas needs Christmas Trees.
Of course, An EVERGREEN tree, or an artificial tree that looks similar, that people cover with decorations and coloured lights and in their homes or outside at Christmas.
People put up the decorations and the tree and started to feel Christmassy at last.
Christmas pudding, a hot PUDDING like fruit cakes, traditionally eaten in Britain at Christmas.
Christmas cake, fruit cake covered with MARZIPAN and ICING, traditionally eaten in British at christmas.
While many people believe that in order to improve educational quality continuously, students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches,I doubt that.Because the respect for teachers and discipline is pretty critical in class.I don't suppose query teachers during the class is the effective way to improve educational quality.There're three reasons that can account for my idea.
Initially,during the speech of a teacher,some students may have a flash of new idea,but is the idea really a good one?Are their comments or criticism really meaningful .The ideas and questions maybe the consequence of immature understanding of the theory that teacher try to demonstrate.They maybe too valueless Why not just note the idea and comments down in class and mediate again after class to find out if they are valuable to be proposed.
Moreover,the comments in class will suspend teacher's mentality which will be of no good for teachers to get back to their previous presentation.And will interrupt other students' thinking.
Eventually,we should show our respect to our teachers who always strive to teach us.
Inclusion,I believe that respect and discipline should be kept in class.
I am glad to introduce my hometown to you.I live in a city named X,which is located by the Yangtze River.The scenery here is fasinating,and the history is very long.There is quite a few historical spots in my hometown,and some of them are nationally famous.
I will take you climb the mountain of T,which is a well known for poet of Li Bai.Also,I will show you around the museum in memory of M.He is a mathematician who lived in Qing dynasty.
Welcome to visit my hometown for sightseeing.
People today are living in a society with much faster pace than ever before.Human beings always face many problems.So we should choose a life that is low carbon.
Why should we must live a low carbon life?On the one hand,people produce severe pollution to nature.We can not breath the fresh air and see the clean sky like before.On the other hand,the society that we living now is jeopardize people's daily life.We need a healthy life.However,we facing a lot of questions.For example,the earthquake happened frequently nowadays and we suffer kinds of illnesses.
How should we do?First of all,we should use loe carbon electricity .Then we should pay attention to save the natural resources and recycle them.In a word,we should do it by small case and start it by yourself.
Condiment as people know it is nice and snack.
suantiankula like school life let my mood like knowledge over a bottle of sauce.
A friend of mine in response to a conversation we were having about the injustices of life .asked me the question who said life was going to be fair or that it was even meant to be fair?Her question was a good one.It reminded me of something I was taught as a young ster.Life isn't fair.
You may be surprised that it can nudge you out of self-pity and into helpful action.
When I walked into the campus,I was conquered by the beauty of it.At the same time,I met a girl who also likes the campus.We took part in the sport meeting.From then on,sport meeting became my favorite activity.About my first teacher,she is Mr li.She is very kind and wise.My best friend is Lucy.Until now we are very good friend.
In the old days,I accepted too many concerns from seniors,and with time going by,I am not a freshman now.So I also have the ability to tell freshmen how to adjust to campus life easily,how to study better,how to play well.
I can understand their fear and nervousness.Because I have experienced that feeling when you come to a new place, as a new comer,you don't know what to do and how to do,you don't know who can depend on and who can trust.
At the moment,freshmen don't be afraid,firstly,you should face the strange environment with a new eye and adjust it as soon as possible.Secondly,if you want to study better,you should combine your study with a necessary rest.For example,you can take some parties or go to KTV with your classmates or friends.Thirdly,when you play,don't take your study or work into consideration,just relax yourself.The last but not the least,you should regard the elective courses as something which can improve your ability and widen your horizon.
What's more,I hope you can live better in campus.
Two reasons contributing to learning English can be concluded as follows.
For one thing,learning English is a great way in which we can get well prepared for the future.As we all know,nowadays competition among college students to get a job is quite intense and English would have an advantage in the competition.For another,English,now,is an international language.It is used wildly all around the world and has something to do with our daily lives.For us,learning English has become an irreversible trend.
We,therefore,shall take seriously the English.
Nowadays,the rapid development of science and technology has brought about great changes to hum a life.So class decided to probe this phenomenon.
conduct academic interaction.And it makes people competent,helps people have efficiency to fulfill the work.In a sense ,science and technology has a significance to the people.
Secondly,it also causes some disadvantages.For example,some.electronic products charge too high,people can not afford.And it causes certain pollution human society and nature.
Lastly,we need to use an objective attitude to assess the science and technology and need to use it in correct way.
Some people hold the view that classics are classics because they have stood the test of time.
Therefore, they are to be treasured by people of all generations, ours being no exception.
Others believe that classics represent the wisdom of the past.
As we are advancing towards the future, it is our responsibility to venture into the unknown and generate new understanding of man and nature.
Nowadays,people always chase of material,such as wealth,fame and so on.But material can't replace some things.They think read classics are out of style and boring.
However, when they really clam down and think about it, now the people are too impetuous, can't calm down to understand classics.
In my opinion,we should read a lot of classics,the more classics you read,the more knowledge you get.We read classics to get what we want.Classics have always been our good friends indeed because they are constantly in need.Read classics,this is a way to know more about the world.Through read classics,we will acquire more knowledge,more information,and more wisdom,we will better develop our personality and our word integrity.
On the other hand,why we should read classics?The reason is that our knowledge is not enough,so we have to read a lot of classical that let us know more.Last but not least,the classics represent the past wisdom that is an important factor we must learn classical cultural knowledge well.
As a student,I must read a lot of classics,and we should love it,we should treat it correctly.In a word,let the classics be classics.
Nowadays,with many college students spending a lot of time indulging on the Internet,people are becoming increasingly aware of the significance of the Internet.From my point of view,the Internet not only can provide convenience,but also can keep an intimate relationship with others.So to say,the Internet doesn't isolate us from one another.There are numerous reasons to support my point of view,and I will explore only a few of the most important ones here.
One of the primary causes is that the Internet can provide the latest information for us,so that we can know what have happened currently.For instance,if we want to know some information,we just search online.Another reason that can be seen by every person is that the Internet can make us keep close to our friends even though we live in different cities.We can chart online or open video from which we are able to see each other.
Taking into account of all these factors,we may draw the conclusion that the Internet can benefit us a lot if we take advantage of it reasonably.It won't keep us away from the real world but keep close to each other.Therefore,we should attach importance to the functions of Internet rather than pay much attention to its disadvantages.
Studying abroad for the vast number of middle school students of the boom,society has a different view.There are some advantags and disadvantages of study abroad.
First of all,the advantages of studying abroad is a good language environment ,more conducive to llanguage learning.Then,expanding their horizons,learning foreign advanced science and technology.The most important thing is can strengthen the culture.But there are other people have different views.They think young lack of life experience selfcare ability is poor.Nest,friends and family members don't feel lonely and homesick.The last,they think that the high cost of living study.
However,I have some different views.I think we can learn a foreign language more quickly.
With the development of society, our country has made great progress, on the other hand, we have to face some potential problems, and waste is serious problem for people.
Maybe we will disappear in the future.
When it comes to talking rubbish, most of people understand what we should sort it, in fact, we do not integrate theory with practice, although we know that many of rubbish are harmful to our health.
it will get through water harm to our body.
The reason why human is always get disease.
our soil will be polluted, and crop will be polluted too, it will lead to we have no good food to eat, and animals are not safe grass to eat, Plant do not healthy grow.
In a word, everything will get sick, third, our environment will be polluted, taking imagine what you can see rubbish anywhere.
I think that no matter who will lose mood to travel, and our world will become rubbish world.
To sum up, it is necessary to sort waste for human, as a college student, I think that we have duty to do it, on the other hand, government should take strategies to control.
I'm glad to receive your letter asking for my advice on how to learn Chinese well.
The following is my several opinions.
First of all, you can go to Chinese classes, that allows you to quickly raise the level of Chinese.
Second, you can try to read Chinese books and watching Chinese TV.
In addition, you also can learn to sing Chinese songs.
These are both easy and can be a good way to learn Chinese.Third, you can go to make a Chinese friend.In the process of your conversation, unconsciously you will find your spoken Chinese is becoming more and more fluent.
In a word, I hope you find these Suggestions to help you learning Chinese .
Best wishes .
With the accelerating pace of globalization, our Chinese culture is now faced with a lot of chances, as well as many challenges.
For instance, it's quite common that students don't know much about Chinese history and literature, but they know western film stars and singers very well.
Moreover, many youngsters celebrate foreign festivals instead of traditional ones.
In those cases, we students are often told to know and preserve traditional culture.
However, lack of interest in traditional culture seems to be a universal phenomenon in contemporary society.
Hard as it might be, the problem of preserving Chinese culture can be solved if we strive to do.
And it requires joint efforts from the entire society.
From my perspective, as for the government, laws and regulations should be established to protect the rights of the inheritors of traditional culture.
Also, it 's supposed to organize various activities like cultural festivals to show people the beauty of traditional culture, which will improve people's awareness of protecting traditional culture.
As regards to our young people, it's important for us to enhance the knowledge of traditional culture.
Therefore, reading traditional literature and appreciating traditional art work can help a lot.
Meanwhile, we can take an active part in the activities which are aimed at popularizing traditional culture.
With all these efforts, I believe the preservation of Chinese traditional culture will improve as time goes on.
In Norway there has been identified several crossings with a variety of different conditions under which a submerged Floating Tunnel, SFT or Archimedes Bridge, may be used.
In the Hogsfjord project whose feasibility was well documented before the project was stoped for local pilitical reasons the length 1400m, the water depth about 150m and the site was well protected from large sea waves.
The tunnel tube should be provided space for the road/or railway traffic, and pontoons mounted on top of the tunnel and "abchoring" it to the sea surface.
However, swell, vortex shedding and slowly varying internal waves due to layers of different salinity presented a hazard of significant dynamic oscillations.
In the wake of the Hogsfjord project feasibility studies have been undertaken in Norway for sites at the very inlet of a fiord directly exposed to the big North Swa waves, in an inland take with ice infested waters, in fiords threatened by large waves induced by huge, falling rock masses, and most recently the largest fiord in the country, the Sognefjorden which at the identified crossing site is 3700m wide and 1250m deep.
In addition to the challenge of these various conditiongs some common accidental situations have to be solved for all applications including fire, sinking ships, falling anchors a well as sudden massive water ingress into the tube.
The paper discusses the design challenges presented by the various conditions and pros and cons for alternative technical solutions for these various applications and summarizes some of the experiences learned by the Norwegian studies.
So the cross-section must give sufficient space for traffic, ventilation, ballast, inspection, maintenance and repair work, and tether lenghs must be adjustable to compensate for possible settlements.
At that time, I am feeling the time flies.
Recalling about the past one year, so many thoughts are flooding in my mind.
So I just can't tell my real idea.
The memory is just like so fresh, and all the things happened yesterday.
When first day I came to university, I really feel that the school is very good and large.
At the first sight of the dormitory, the condition of the dormitory is better than my high schools'.
There are two bathrooms, two electric fans, two armoires.
Besides, there are four long desk , everyone has a chair.
I have 7 dorm mates, they come from different cities, but they were chatting with a happy voice, so I feel myself at home.
Just spending two days here, we had an class meeting, in this way I knew each other at my class.
We major in marketing, so they all outgoing.
We went to class together.
The most important things is that self-study.
Everyone has his way to study.
I got up early everyday, and then I went to class or glassland to practice my spoken English.
I went to the library everday.
One year hhardworking, I pass the CET-4.
Now , I am preparing for the CET-6.
I was born in a small village, my mother and father are husbandman.They have no money for me to pay the tuition.
I try my best to learn well, so I got the scholarship.
In my free time, I did a partime job, it is helpful for me.
At weekend, I will go out with my friends.
That my college life.
From the cartoon we can see,there are four persons sitting at the desk,they are holding a cell phone in the bow to play with the phone.Nobody ever touched those vegetables.
Today,with the development of high-technology,we can get approach to a great variety of high-tech products,such as computer,digital cameras and so on.These products make our life more convenient,we can keep in touch with family and friends any time anywhere.
Said first message:last year I heard there is a word called "thumb crazy",learned brother sisters,texting speed strongly recommended the abolition of computer keyboard,that no use,a hand can do,why his hands on the keyboard,like talking by SMS,reflects the personal psychological quality difference,on-the-spot reaction,psychological aspects than direct dialogue was low,later also caused great obstacles to the interview,no one human resources director will be waiting for you to think,a subconscious action you will affect you evaluation.
Our life have been changed by the high-tech, we lived in a fast-pace world.Cell phone mold our life deeply.Everyone owns it.While cell phone conveyed many dangers.
First,cell phone contains radioactivity which ached person's body.Today,more and more people die of cancer,the main reason is that the high-tech products radiate their bodies,in the long run,the bodies get sick.Cell phone is one of such products,it hurts our bodies as long as we practice it.Second,cell phone distracts our attention about discovering the beauty of life.People pay their aid on cell phone,they count on it by studying news and causing friends,being less going out.
From my point of view,we should apply cell properly.
With the number of books rapidly growing, we have an increasingly more choice for books.
Attitudes towards reading vary from person to person.
Some people attach the significance to reading selectively.
As an old saying goes: books and friends should be few but good.
Although people commonly accept that selecting books spends lots of times, reading selectively actually save more time compared with reading without distinction: it is no doubt that read a whole book takes longer time.
Furthermore, once we get a good book, we gain a nice friend; you know, engrossing in a good book benefits more than reading ten books roughly.
However, there are still some other people who have a predilection for reading extensively.
Firstly, the book contains the author's soul; when reading a book, we follow the writer's footprints and communicate with him.
In other words, more books means a wider horizon.
Besides, reading all sorts of books gives us the access to a variety of views on problems.
What's more, it is various books that assist us to draw an all-sided conclusion.
As for me, I believe the advantages of reading selectively are much greater than those of reading extensively.
If we read books indiscriminately and accept everything from it, we are easily misguided by some contents.
As a result, we ought to pay more attention to reading selectively and find books that are appropriate for our own.
We've had a discussion about whether many university students should be spent much money.Most of the students are in favour of it.Here are the reasons.Firstly,improving the living standards consumption,also follow up.Secondly,willing to spend money in improving their skills.However,the other is strongly against it.Their reasons are as follows.In the first place,we all use our parents' money,also we won't make money.What's more,this will form a peer,not conducive to healthy growth.Personally speaking,we should take good money,saving worry for the parent.In addition,we should study hard,learning a good ability to build a bigger blessing for the society.
Maybe as an English learner,We should find more and more good ways to learn our english well.As far as I' am concerd.
Enterest is our best teacher.So we should build the good interest when we are learning our english.
First of all, We have to remember lost of words .It's the most importasnt step.secondly ,You ought to read english books and newspapers everday.It will imporve your ablity of reading.
Then you can watch the english movies which is the fastest way that can help you lean quickly.At last ,If you have chance .I think you should tallk with forengers.It's also the best for you to learn english well.
My father is the backbone of my family.
He is a man of perseverance and responsibility.
We all respect and trust him.
To support our schooling,he works very hard and tries his best earning money.He does not have weekends but his work attitude is highly appreciated.
My father goes to work in despite nasty weather.He almost never misses a day.
Every night, he comes back home with exhaustion.We can see his great effort clearly.
On seeing my father at that time,My heart is very sour.
I want to grow up to help him.
He is very concerned about our study and give us a good learning environment.
When I had studied at senior middle school, my father always came to my room to say some words to help me .Then, he will let the mother send a glass of milk to me.
He is strict with me .
He isn't good at impressing but we know he loves us.
He works hard around the clock .
I'm hungry, he always gives me to bring food from home.
In my sleep, he always watches my side.
When I fear what thing , he always comforts and encourages me.
When I eat, he always looks at me quietly aside.My father cooks well and he often cooks delicious dishes .
He never smokes in front of us.He tried to give up smoking but he failed.
At the same, no matter how hard he tries,he can't part with his close companion--alcohol.
He is a good leader,too.
So far, the decisions he made is nearly right.
When he must make decisions,he always asked our suggestions and accepted our ideals.
When we come across unsolved problems, he always is the patient to company us to solve these problems.
He is a good father.
We hold him in high regard and I am proud of having such a good father.
Nowadays,an increasingly number of people addicted to cigarettes.
Smoking has not only an effect on the body but also costs money .In this case,male and female cannot help smoking.
As a student,I don't get into the habit of smoking.Our major task is study.
We don't hurt ourselves by smoking.Look at your surround,many teenagers who think the habit is fashionable closed with cigarettes.However,if you obverse carefully, you will discover a phenomenon that person smoked has a cough,pneumonia or cancer.Therefore, cigarettes are so poisonous that it kills its friends who always smoke.Maybe,someone has pressure so that him/her smokes to lynx.Nevertheless,if him/her intend to smoke they should smoke cigarettes they're filtered.
As far as I'm concerned,we don't smoke in order to our own health .Quit smoking .
Life may be many things to many people.Some may see it as money while others may view it as love.As far as I am concerned,however,I would prefer to value it as a trip.
My understanding of life is bound up with three major factors.Firstly,life is so mysterious and wonderful that I can't wait to go on it.Secondly,There are also many challenges .I think we are improving ourselves step by step when overcoming the challenges.Most of all,during this trip,there are a lot of temptations,such as love,money and so on.But we can't stop.We must insist on it.Actually,when we are at the end of the trip,we will find that we are such excellent people that we can bring warmth and love to others in the world.
I have much freedom in this matter,but I have never found any other way of seeing life more reasonable and acceptable than mine.
Nowadays,what can we see is well-designed pastic bags in the shop,especially in boutique and supermarket .Such as, when you buy a friend a birthday gift.It must be well-packaging .The giift will be packaging with a box,a colorful paper and a paper flower.When you buy a moon cake,it could be package with two pastic bag,a paper a numenuVD and a pastic box.Why this phenomena do exist in our daily life?On the one hand,the bosses want to draw customers attention to show and sell his goods.On the other hand,many customers' consciousness that packaging equal to quality.
As far as i can see,Packaging just a la-gout of different goods.It cannot stand for quality.When the goods are pruduted.The quality cannot change any more.What's more, excessive packaging is a waste of social resources.If we want to stop this trend.The goverment should launch a public education to let the public save resources.The citizen must be aware of resisting the appealing materials' tempation.
From the picture, we could know that percentage of college students taking part-time jobs were raised year by year.
We can see there was nobody taking part-time jobs in college in 1990, but there was 58% of college students taking part-time jobs in 2010.
Because college is much,much more expensive than it used to be,some students need to do some part-time jobs to get the burden off family.
Another reason, in nowadays competition among graduates grows more bitter and more bitter and bitter, college students want to do some part-time jobs to increase their social experience,and to get a good job when they graduate.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I was excited as well as worried.
I was excited because today meaned the start of my new school life.
But I was also a bit nervous and worried that I was not good at making friends.
When I got to the school, I found the teachers and my new classmates were very friendly to me.
In a short time, we were familiar with each other.
I forgot the nervous, instead, I felt very relaxed and happy.
Recently,report comes that vast majority of famous sites of historical interest in China are gearing up for charging higher entry fees towards tourists, which stirs up great public debate.
Both sides in the debate, pros and cons, with own concerns,take firm positions.
In my view, a spike in the entry fees exerts bad influence on economy, cultural awareness and cultural transmission.
First of all, for the economy, with higher entry fees, the national economy is in the way of stepping into the predicament of economic decreasing.
As an essential part of national revenues,tourists income determines partially the development of provincial economy and the national economy.
It is certain that higher fees lessens the number of tourists, which directly reduces total tourist income, and by extension, the national economy.
What's more, for citizens, higher entry fees has something to do with culture awareness among the nation.
The sites of historical interest, symbol of culture, enables tourists, especially citizens, to acquire knowledge of culture.
Burdened with stress, citizens lacks time and money to lead a life, let alone visiting the sites.
Nothing short of a reasonable fee makes it possible for citizens to pay visits to the places.
Last but not least, for culture, the rise of entry fees holds back the Internatinal transmission process of Chinese culture.
With higher entry fees, foreign tourists, with planned expenditure, no longer visit a lot of sites of historical interest.
In this way, what they choose to visit is bound to be the place of geat fame, thus making it difficult for other sites to spread out.
In addition, compared with that of other countries, the sites of China may get mired in a severe competition of tourism, which hinders its International development.
To sum up, the practice of increasing the entry fees has numerous implications in many aspects.
It's an inadvisable action to be taken.
In the meaning,if the action is to be practised, citizens of certain territory needed to be informed, for the sites of historical interest, as a matter of fact, are public asset.Then I'm sure there will be a public riot.
Obviously, technology is just a method people used something as a tool to achieve their aim.
People can never really invite something new, but just to combination or separation, order or disorder something that has been there for an unbelievably long time in accordance with the nature's law.
As far as I am concerned, instead of talking about the advantages and disadvantages about technology, I prefer to talk about how to use the technology to do good to ourselves and why some people are still using it to do something evil.
In addition, if there are some people still wandering whether the technology is good or bad, I would answer with a similar question that whether the agriculture is good or bad.
Anyway, the agriculture makes us be capable of keeping to a large population.
But no one can deny the truth that the constitution of human evidently decreased over the past millions of years.
For the first question, as many people had said many times, it is to use technology more cautiously.
But the most of us can hardly settle down to weigh it when we might have a good profits.
Namely, when we, live on nature, use the nature's law to change the world, we might need a little more respect for nature.
Obviously, the interests, not only the money, the power, the women, the house, but anything you can imagine.
In a word, the desire.
It is just the source of all devils.
The fact is that some desires can make us live better, but the other can make things worse.
Instead of talking the talk, let's walk the walk.
With the remarkable improvement of people's living standard,the munber of people using cell phone is increasing.In our daily life,cell phone not only bring us convenient and efficient,but also entertainment.People carry cell phone wherever they go,even they don't put it down when having a meal.
Some people think that the modern people spend much time on palying cell phone which causes barrier between people.At the same time,it makes people lack of communication.
As far as I'm concerned,we should turn off our cell phone.Although cell phone can bring entertainment,it aslo are able to hurt our bodies,because using cell phone for a long time will produces radiation which is harmful to our heathy.SO,we should use cell phone in a proper way and time.
Last week I formally became a high school student,To allow teachers and students to more understand me, I want to introduce you to the origin of my name.
My name is X,is the name of my dad.
X is my family name.My father and my mother like music extremely.They think music can relax and feel comfortable.
In China,people with a"gong""shang""jue""zhi""yu"to name,the temperament.Intitule "five sounds".Followed by "do" "ri" "mi" "sol" "la", "yu" is "la" in Arabic numerals in the "la" is written as 6.
"6"in the Cuiness Symbol of harmony,smooth,and good luck.So,my first name is "yu".
Today we have become university students,so we are faced with a question ,whether academic performance is more important than communication.There are two opinions between we students.
Some students think that academic performonce is more important.Though we are university students who need to learn the ability of commuincating with others,the most priority of us is still academic performance.
However,some people have the opinion which is that communication ability is more important.In their mind,university students should have the ability to adjust to the society.So,academic performance have to be put behind communicetion ability.
As far as i'm concerned, we are required to make the balance between academic performance and communication ability.In one hand,we need academic knowledge to develop ourselves.In the other hand ,we should learn how to communication with others as well.Only own both two abilities can we develop our future.In my opinion, academic performance is as important as communication ability.
As we can see from the vivid picture,many children are listening to their teacher.They point out that by the time they are on the job market,the multiplication which their teacher taught may be outdated one day.
In their minds,these kind of stuff is useless for them to find a job.Today,this phenomenon maybe common for us to see,some people pay their attention to high-level field and ignore some basic skills.But when indeed go to the job market one day, they will find the requirements from some companies are far more higher than their abilities, and the competition is extremely fierce,which make them under the big pressure.What's worse,the basic skills they once ignored neither can support hunting an ordinary job.
It's a virtue for one to aim high, but the achievement lies in your own ability and your own diligence.With a proverb going like this,without small streams,there would be no oceans.So only when we start from basic things,will us lead to success.
When I was a twelve-year-old boy,I when to The Great Wall with my father.We went there by car,and the journey takes about three hours!
When we got there,I see the sky was very blue,the air was very fresh,and the mountain went around we.This The Great Wall is the Steepest one.We climbed The Great Wall until the forth Beacon tower.The environment around me was very beautiful,so we stoped to have a relax and eat some bread,and we took a lot of photo.Then we came back.
Recently a spotlight shone on entertainment celebrities' private lives.Showbiz stars abusing drugs and soliciting prostitutes were meted out harsh punishment.They were sentenced,meanwhile,and were suspended from public viewing.In my opinion,I think the convicted celebrities should be given a second chance just like others who make mistakes.
Firstly,everyone has mistake.We don't think the person who is a celebrity can be treat different from ordinary person.The ultimate goal is not to punish the wrongdoers but to make sure they don't repeat their offenses.It's too harsh to have their careers abruptly terminated.Secondly,celebrities who have made mistakes could play a positive role in educating the public not to make the same mistakes.Thirdly,they don't need to suffer additional punishment.They just have paid their fines and serced their time.
In conclusion,to a showbiz star,having their works suspended indefinitely from public viewing is as good as a death sentence for their carees.So I think the convicted celebrities should be given the second chance.
With the development of the world, there are more and more cars .
Without doubt, the traffic accidents also become more and more serious.
This problem is partly give rise to drunk driving.
It is estimated that over half traffic accidents caused by drunk driving.
According to statistic analysis, one second has one person who was hurt because of it.
Another important reason is the breaking of traffic rules.
Some persons did not obey the traffic rules, like having a fast speed or running the red light, they are easy for us to result to accident.
Last but not least , it is fatigue driving.
In our daily life, it is hard to realize it, but now it is also an important effect to traffic accidents.
So from now on, we should treat the cause of traffic accidents seriously and try our best to reduce traffic accidents.
Recently,many criminals,owing to strong arguments in court from their lawyer ,get fewer punishments than those people who did same thing which is illegal.
As a result,many lawgivers advocate that there is a need fixing punishments for each type of crime.
Many people,however, disagree with this propose.
Opponents believe that punishments should depend on individual crime.
People who propose the same punishments for each type of crime have their sound reasons.Initially,constitution is based on justice,which the opinion that implement fixed punishments for each type of crime offers.
Furthermore,Justice could do decision with their personal emotion result from an unclear standard in constitution existing.Without fixed punishments for each type of crime, it is hard for judge to make a decision in court.Moreover,many lawyers equipped high professional knowledge could distort the thing which their employers did actually.If that is the case,wealthy people have priority to escape the punishment.It is unfair obviously because needy people cannot afford the cost of recruiting a attorney.As a consequence,it is required to implement the proposal.
Yet many people who are against to this propose insist their viewpoint.Constitution,according to their opinion,is to protect the rights and freedom of human.And that is the reason why it remains for centuries.Therefore,punishments should base on individual conditions.As a illustration,a female student killed a man when the man wanted to rape her.Should her receive the judgement of death penalty?I have plentiful account to believe that most answers are :No!
As for me, I tend to support the latter opinion because the function of constitution is to protect rights of people and to make our life more beautiful.It is never unreasonable to fix punishments for each type of crime.
On Janurary 1,2011,in order to welcome the new year,my roommates and i climbed CuiHua Mountain.
This was the first group activity in the college.
went to our destination on feet.Durning this way,we ran,chatted and sang songs.Such as the weather was cold,our moods were very enthusiastic.
When we returned to our dormitory,we were so tired that could not get up until the second day's noon.But we were very happy!
Through this activity,we had a better chance to understand each other.And it was helpful for our friendship.Even we would have contradictions in our daily life,we could solve them by ourselves.Because we were a family in the college.
Reading is much more than a fad; it is really a must.
Colgi once said:books are stepping stones to human progress.
In modern society, the necessity for every man to come knowledge.
However knowledge is supplied from the books.
Firstly you need to read.
I answer was: "yes.
When I was unhappy, Books are my best friend and reading is my best choice.
I can forget the pain in the reading.
I could laugh loudly in reading.
My parents love reading very much.
So, they often buy some good books in the library to me.
They think my writing ability can be strenthened from reading.
I love to read that like deep of sea.
I think that it helped me a lot.
According to Ted Ottley in "The Unabomber", a murderer whose name is Kaczynski had carried out a lot cases of bombing and he was sent to life in prison at last.
Kaczynski was born in Chicago, on the 22nd of May 1942.
He was always full of dissatisfaction to our modern world, even when he was in the prison.His mother was still left to wonder how his son become a terrorist.
It was May 25th 1978.
A parcel which appeared to be an undelivered was returned to Professor Buckley Crist.
But when Professor Crist saw it, he noticed it hadn't been addressed in his own handwriting.
Therefore, he called in campus cop Terry Marker.
The parcel exploded in Marker's hand when he opened it.
Fortunately, the injury was slight.
Then the ATF embarked on a series of wild goose chase.
American Airlines flight 444 originated in Chicago.
A parcel blasted in the area of the Boeing 727.
Passengers gasped for breath as smoke poured into the cabin.
Subsequently, twelve passengers were rushed to hospital.
The government still couldn't find out any clues.
Another bomb was exploded after the bomber lay silent for 16 months.
And advertising executive Thomas Mosser was dead in the explosion.
The same day several people received letters from the Unabomber.
The letters demand they would stop the bombing if a manifesto was printed.
All over America, scholars and students studied the Manifesto, hoping to find some clues.
Finally, Kaczynski's brother found out the clue and he made the decision to take his concerns to FBI.Eventually, Kacyznki was arrested.
The defendant and victims were allowed pre-sentencing statements in final sentencing.
Kaczynski complain that the prosecutors had distorted his motive and beliefs.Understandably, his victim's response were unsympathetic.
Finally, Kaczynski received four consecutive life sentences in a maximum-security jail.
It has big two, remember their senior year of high school, the university life very much looking forward to.
I now the main task is to go to class on time, finish homework and exercises, and want to get some certificates.
You have extra time to play badminton and internet.
The cost of living is about 800 yuan a month, eating will spend 450 yuan of money, and the rest is to buy some daily necessities.
People always believe that silence is gold,and an idiom also says this sentence.So,many people often keep silence in the meetings,classes and so on.In the past,it was thought subtle move.
But nowadays,I consider that this thought is not very suitable.I heard a saying,"If you always keep silent,you will probably miss many golden opportunities instead of obtaining the gold of silence.
"I totally agree with the speaker,because I think that you must take the initiative to catch the opportunity,or others may take it away.So,keeping silence is not a wise way in this world.If you always keep silence at the meeting,no one would pay attention to you.
Therefore,silence is not always gold.You should change yourself flexibly,or you will be weeded out by this society.
As a freshman ,how to achieve a meaningful college life is a challenge.
study acknowledge and to make me prefect and mature.
start.
At college ,we can make friends and know a lot.
In practice, we need to do everything with courage and confidence.
and generally to treat others.
I hope I can have a happy and colorful college life.
Some people are afraid of failure.
People have different attitudes.
My attitudes towards failure.
Failure is a common thing and not a stranger to life.It can happen anywhere,anytime and to anyone.
"I can't stand the competition and failure",which many people said that find excuses for myself.As a matter of fact,no person succeeds all the time.So,we must face with it.
As a coin has two sides.People have different attitudes towards failure.On the one hand,people are afraid of failure that they can not bear the blow and try not best to make progress to succeed.At the same time,they are afraid that the failure of work will rob them of happiness and do them harmfulness both the physically and mentally-it called"pessimism".On the other hand,people meet failure bravely and not prone to negative emotions,which think choose a goal and stick to it changes everything,believe failure isn't the bad thing it is often supposed to be that"failure is the mother of success"-it called"optimism".
Nowdays,after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
In our school,there are various kinds of sports and cultural study clubs that students may join.Students are free to choose the clubs they are particularly interested in.For example,I like dance very much,so I take part in the dance club.Over there I can build my body and free myself from the heavy work of study.And at the same time I can also make some new friends who have the same interest with me.In addition,I join the English corner.We always watch some interesting English movies together in the free time.Thanks to that,I improve my hearing English and get better grades in the English exams.
Here I have some suggestions about how to choose the activites.First,you'd better choose the activities which interest you and suit you.Second,make sure that you can really benefit a lot from that.
Let's enjoy after-school activities and our life will be more colourful and wonderful.
As we know,since we achieve the great development in the domain of food productivity,many countries have got rid of famine.The food is ample,however,the knowledge of healthy diet is in a terribly shortage.As a result of that,in some countries,the average weight of people is increasing while their levels of health and fitness are decreasing.
It is the milestone of history of human that we achieve a significant success in chemistry and fertilizer industry,it solved,in some extent,the problem of food supply.
For the first time,we have the freedom to choose what we eat,or how many we eat.On the other hand,development of our society demands us to sitting at office longer and longer time,or enables us to work less and less in terms of labor.
For the lack of the diet knowledge and less necessary for us to exercise,the freedom and the easier work we have have led to the decreasing of our health and fitness.
As far as I am concerned,to solve this problem,first of all,it is quiet a necessity for us to learn more about healthy diet.To have some better dietary habits and have a better diet structure can improve our healthy condition.What is more is that,we should take adequate exercise in our life,only in this way can we keep ourselves in shape.
The picture describes that an old woman was sitting in front of a mirror, said "It's so lonely that no children were at home with me".
Nowadays more and more young people leave their parents,their homes to work for their own jobs.They are so busy because they pour a lot of time and energy into their business.
Most of the young people think they would try their best to earn more money so that they can make their parents live a happier life.
And usually they spend more time with their clients or their friends, but they have no time to visit their parents.
Someone who works far away from home wouldn't go back home even when Spring Festival come sometimes for they want to save the fare in order to send more money to their parents.
I think we should accompany our parents more often because not just the money can make them feel happy but also our company.
...The mobile phones offer us so many convenient.For example,it is easy for us to contect with our parents and friends by using mobile phone.It also can give us more fun.But there is also some disadvantages.The first,it is bad for teachers' teaching or students'study while using mobile phones during the class?Second,after using the ppt during the class,it also can make the students don't pay attentions to the class.Third,it takes money and energetic to chat by mobile phones or look at the wechat.
As a senior high school students,I think it is necessary for us to use mobile phones.It not only can build the friendship between students,but also can let us know more knowledges beyond the class.However,it makes our free time more colorful.
In my opinion,we should use mobile phone temperatly.We can't let it do bad for our study.We suppose to use it make our study more efficient.In the other way,we shouldn't use it for long time,because it is bad for our health.Let's use the mobile phones in right way.
Last thursday is halloween and we went to YanShuo to experienced how western people celebrate halloween.
About 7 o'clock,the colour of sky deepened,and west street has become lively.The western people appeared in the west street,they wear clothes from heart -pounding prepared,some of them make up like a vampire or some character of cartoon and so on.
When we went to a pub there are many western people and they told us "there is a party"and warmly invite us to joined in their party and we dance and laugh.We also have an excellent halloween.
Nowadays environmental pollution is one of the most serious problem.The environmental pollution are bring many social issues,one of the gradually significant issues is global climate warming,the decrease in the number of animals and desertization.On account of the economy growth many factories is being seting,private cars are becoming normally.It is high time to think of how to solve environmental pollution.
Firstly,to reduce private car use,makes riding on a bus or train actually seem nice.
Secondly,setting up environmental protection consciousness is very important,we can google the knowledge of environmental protection.
My grandpa is 68 years old, has a medium body with a bent back like an arch.
His skin is a little rough, like trees in winter.
His eyes look exactly alike a thin string when he smiles.
There are so many wrinkles on his face, like a chrysanthemum, and senile plaque mirrors his age.
The teeth have dropped out where a set of artificial teeth assist him in eating.
The most noticeable thing is that my grandpa has snow white hair, like a layer of frost in the morning.
His outward appearance is stout and cold.. On the first sight, you may feel he is relatively hard to approach.
Actually, he is remarkably kind and considerate, just as a famous saying goes, don't judge a person by his appearance.
My grandpa is a talented man.
He is decisive and efficient in inventing things by his own effort.
My grandpa's family was rather poor when he was in his childhood.
They didn't have their own house , had to live in a shabby room rented from a factory where there was so small that people couldn't walk.
Since the room was on the third floor, namely, the top floor in that old-fashioned building, the roof was quite high above the floor.
He bought two thick ropes and a smooth wood that later was planed smooth, painted and drilled two holes on the end.
The length of these ropes was just long enough for the whole family to sit or sleep on the board without other's help.
He has tried all his effort to earn a good social position and a comparatively rich life.
People of all fields come to my house, as a result, I've gradually gained a variety of social experiences and witnessed more happiness and sorrow around my town.
At home, he is a serious grandpa who has high expectations of me.
Loving but stern in the manner, he had made particular demands on me.
I am the apple of his eye, but when it comes to my study he is very strict.
Every day he spent more than one hour examining my homework in primary school.
With his help, I had been doing well in my studies.
Whenever I am dilatory in doing things and idling away my time, his subsequent silence showed his disapproval.
My father always stands in the center of my life, from past till now and possibly in the future.
His generosity is also evident in his relationship with his neighbors and friends.
For instance, last week his neighbour's nine-year-old daughter broke her leg in a traffic accident and was taken to hospital, but his neighbour could not afford to pay the hospital expenses.
My grandfather could hardly live on his own income either, promptly gave all his savings to his old neighbour.
Last week, his old friend's house was seriously damaged during an unexpected storm.
My grandfather, though old and weak, made every effort to help his friend to repair the flooded shabby house.
Generally speaking, everybody who knows my grandfather respects him deeply and thinks highly of him for his kindness and generosity.
I really love my grandpa, now I'm pursuing further studies at college far away from father.
I miss him very much.
His great image is deeply carved in my mind.
This year Spring Festival comes in February and I have a good time with my family.
Spring Festival as usual, my parents and I clean our house and do some shopping before it comes.
On the eve of Spring Festival, my family get together for a special dinner in my home.
During the dinner, we say good wishes to each other and eat dumplings.
After dinner, my family watch TV program and chat with each other to relax ourselves.
Just before the 12 o'clock, my father and I play fireworks outside and make wishes.
So it doesn't matter how we celebrate, for us, it's a time to say goodbye to old year and to welcome the new.
I will say it's Mary without hesitation.
She is a girl with bright big eyes.Her hair is jet-blacked and straight.She is tall and fairskinned.She has a very pleasant smile and she always has a twinkle in her eye.When she laughs, we see her even teeth.Of course she is a beautiful girl,but it was her invisible beauty that I shall always remember.
She is warm-hearted,and really cared about other people.
She is also an extremely talented listener.
I Still remembered that one day I felt very upset.Because I didn't pass my math exam.I just sitted in the classroom with tears in my eyes.At that time,Mary came into the classroom.She sittd next to me quitely.Just hold my hands,and told me that she would always be there.Her hands and words let me felt a warmth from within .I opened my mouth and also my heart to her.I told her that I didn't know why I couldn't understand what the teacher were saying.When I was at my math class ,I felt I went into the wrong classroom.What really despairs me was others' ridicule.Mary said to me it just was a small failure, I should take it easy and cheer up.What's more,form that day she helped me with my math every day.Regardless of wind and rain, she never give up.Thanks to Mary's help,in the final examination,I got a high score.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
I feel so lucky to have a friend like Mary.She let me know do as much as you can and you will succeed.
A good friend is like a good book,you can learn a lot from getting along with your friends.
In recent day,there are mary merchandise which packaging is excessive in the supermarket.Especially in some traditional festivals like Mid-autumn Festival that need mooncake.As we can see,it is widespread in the marker the moon-cake packaging in variety of delicate wrapping paper.Nevertheness,depressed by the inside when you open the package.
Maybe it has two reasons to illustrate these phenomena from the development of society.To begin with,it satisfied the requirement of people who prefer to give others a presents showing their enthusiasm.Next,it can increase the profit of businessmen for the cheap package can change more money,therefore the manufactures focus more attention on packaging.
In my eyes,the excessive package is inadvisable,because it unfriendly in the environment after open the package.It is unnecessary to show a delicate appearance for a while then wasting lot of wrapper which more expensive.Some measures should be taken by the government to put out a law which makes the manufactures realize that the value of merchandise is more important.
Actually I was a little shocked when I heard about the news that six students who shared a dorm at a local university hired a cleaner to do laundry and cleaning once a week.
In a word, I think we college students shouldn't hire cleaners.
Firstly, most of the college students are grown-ups and even if some are not, they are going to be adults.
As an adult, we already have the capacity of taking different responsibilities including washing our clothes by ourselves.
And we also should have the strength to take our own responsibilities.
Some students just study well and don't do any housework.
That is the kind of students who are 'high scores and low abilities'.
They are dependent and incapable in life.
Secondly, all we college students should value every cent and abandon the money worship.
Maybe your family is very rich and your parents are also willing to hire someone to do your laundry or clean your room because they love you so dearly that they don't want you to do such things.
But I think they have spoiled you.
There are many things that money can't buy.
What you are losing is essential living skills.
Thirdly, hardworking and plain-living is the traditional virtue of the Chinese.
I think every college student should keep frugal and have the attitude of enduring hardships.
We will run into many troubles in the future.
Only if we have much hardships in early years can we have a happy life in the future.
Nowadays, the college students are becoming lazier and lazier, we just want to do the easiest things that don't require mental and physical labor.
We should first change our attitude and then our action.
As far as I'm concerned, I think it's our duty to do our own things well.
As a college student, we not only need to study well but also need to develop different abilities such as living ability, communicative ability and so on.
If you have a friend, yon will feel happy; if you have a bosom friend, you will feel spirit rich ; if you have a friend who gives his hands to you in emergency, you will feel lucky.
Thank God, I am a happy, rich and lucky girl.
During my life, friendship is the most valuable asset and immortal memories.
I hold the point of view that friendship also has its historic nature and functions.
Friendship is created since it is needed and lasts until it fulfills its tasks.
If you are obsessed by a problem, a certain friend may come into your help until the problem is solved and then will be somewhat estranged from you.
