At the same time, many students cut a class and pretend to find the knowledge they want, but actually they just play games, date even sleep in the bedroom.
It's not good for students who cut classes to develop fully.
We are not only studying knowledge in schools, but also studying constructing ourselves.
At first, obeying teachers is a student's basic requirement.
Second, cutting classes is bad for us to form good habits.
At last every classes have their reasons to exist and they can help you to develop fully.
In summary, college students should be required to attend classes.
It follows our teachers and parents' expectation.
It's responsible for our future.
And it's good for constructing a perfect people.
In the picture, an old woman sits in front of a mirror and saying to herself in the mirror:"I feel so lonely because all of my children are not around.
"It shows that nowadays more and more old people always live alone while their children are busy at their own business and family.
Various reasons are responsible for the phenomenon mentioned above.Firstly,in China especially in some poor area,it is common to see the old live alone.We all know it is difficult to develop career,so the young have to go to the big cities to seek opportunities.As a result,they have to leave their parents even their children.Another reason for left-behind elderly is that most of the old have a sense of nostalgia,they don't want to leave the place which they had live in for a long time.They prefer to live in a poor but familiar little place rather than living in a busy city.Finally,some people think give a lot of money to the old is enough.
In my opinion, what the old want just some attention from their children.They know their children are busy at their own business and they will not blame their children,but they will feel lonely without their children's company.Although sometimes we really busy at our own work,it is not difficult for us to spend a few minutes in giving our parents a call which will make them very happy.I believe a call is better than others to warm them.
Recently,we have had a hot discussion about our university life.Different people have different opinions about it.
Some people think that though we are college students,academic performance is still very important.However,the others hold the contrary idea that communication ability is more essential than academic performance.
Some students think academic performance is very important.
One reason for that comes from the social tradition .
Most parents, teachers judge students from their academic performance,so students study hard to get high marks in order to satisfy their parents.In their points of view, marks are the most important thing,so they think academic performance is more important than communication ability.
Other students pay more attention to their communication ability, because they believe communication ability can accompany them to the end of their lives.
Everyone is hound to graduate from schools and step into society,so they have to learn to communicate with other people, to deal with difficulties and to confront the sharp competition.
All this should be developed in school, so they think that the communication ability is the most important.
In my opinion, academic performance is as important as communication ability in our university life.
For one thing, we should not just pursue academic performance and communication ability; for another, we should not concentrate on ability and ignore academic performance.
Both academic performance and communication ability are crucial to students.
As far as I am concerned,we still need to work hard in our university life as what we have done in our high school life.Only in this way,can we make our university life wonderful.
The morning of the wedding day is filled with many activities, the West is pure romantic wedding.
First of all, the bridegroom sit in the front of the church who is waiting the bride, then the bride and law-father come toward the bridegroom.
secondly, the law-father put the bride's hands into the bridegroom.
Thirdly the beginning of the wedding is called a priest, who announce.
Finally ,the new person exchange their rings and kiss each other.
All the people are happy with them.
As we all know,The Double Ninth Festival is a traditional Chinese day to pay respect to the elderly.However,it gives rise to different views for the best way to respect to the elderly in this public.As far as i'm concerned,we should not only respect to the elderly in the festival but also in normal times.
Firstly,don't respect to the elderly in form because grand and spectacular isn't genuine concern.With the development of the society,a gang of young people are busy in working,so they don't have free time to stay with their parents.If festival comes,they will go back home and concern their paents about something like health.It even more brings about loneliness of their parents.So as a young people should care parents about their life in details.Secondly,broaden parents' vision.I think it is one of the most important steps to respect to the elderly.Because children have no time to stay with their parents,as a child,he or she should let parents' vision become broaden.For example,they can let parents study the Internen as for gaining the interests;they can let parents go to travel;they can let parents take part in Circle of Friends and so on.Finally ,try your best to go home and stay with your parents.This must be the most effective way to let parents become happy.You can go home after coming off work everday or on weekends.When you go home,you can chat with your parents,and help them washing clothes and dishes.It aims to let their life be full of interesting.
All in all,as a young person,she or he should better pay respect to the elderly in the usual.Every person will become old ,we should set an example to our descendants because it is a virtue.
The official figure released in the United States,the word's largest economy, show that the income of the average household fell last year and that more Americans than ever are living in poverty.Yet again,figures which show that the economic recovery is not being felt by American's less advantaged citizens.African-Americans and Hispanic communities are disproportionately affected,as are the less well-educated,the young and people living in the south.It's probably the decline in median income.down 2.3%.that'll worry politicians mist since the battle for middle-class votes will be vital in next year's presidential election.The figures come just as President Obama hits the road trying to sell a $450 billion jobs package.He faces an uphill struggle.
As far as I'm concerned,the figure will affect Obama's politicial position.American voted him and wanted to live in a happy life.But the problems seem to make American confused.Many Americans are living in less cosy life.Perhaps they feel disappionted and want to change the life style.At the same time ,politicians in America are worry adout next year's selection.Obama must be anxious about the figure.If he wants to stay in the president's position,he will have to solve this problem.Americans are different from Chinese.If they feel their rights are violated,they will take actions to protect themselves as soon as they can.In China, we have to obey government.Although the prices of goods are increasing,wokers' salaries still keep unchanged.Chinese complain governmrnt but never dare to against.
If American government don't try his best to change the serious condition,I guess that Obama will resign in next term under the pressure.
If you without hero in life ,you without sun in life.My hero is my teacher.She is not strange but she is simply the best.
My teacher encouraged we brave.What ever she does ,she never give up .She has a very strong will.She trained hand.her words interesting.
She told us times is life ,change depend on myself and believed Failure is the mother of success.She gived us herself valuble times.
I think my hero is very selfless.
She made me study face difficultly thing don't give up and beleved myself can success.She asked me known time is important.My realized myself responsible.She passion on life.She caused my attention.She made my eyes widened in surprise.she is a true hero.
I love sports very much.
My favorite sport is running.I often running in the P.E.
class or free time in the school.Sometimes,I go to the gym.That's really cool!If you ask me why I like it,I will tell you that running is very relax,it can makes our body healthy,Even more,it is the most cheapest sport.I love running very much.
With the development of society,people become more and more cold .When someone in the street who really needs help,most of the people choose to ignore him.
Although it is a virtue when people in trouble that we give them a hand,some of the people think help strangers may make themselves in trouble even in dangerous.
As far as I am concerned,the heart is always good.We should help people under the premise of protecting ours safe.There is no doubt that you help others now,they will help you tomorrow.Therefore,we should be glad to help others.And no matter people are strangers or not ,we should help them when they need help.Only in this way,can the society be more warm,just like a big family.
As we all know,the college life is many student's dream.
Everyone want to have a meaningful life and to make a plan for college life.
In my opinion,the college life must be wonderful.
In college,the studies not become more and more important.
We should improve ourselves ability.
Such as we should do some things to earn money in spare time.
In college life we should make a lot of friends.
And we should take part in public actives as possible as in our spare time.
The college is a place where can come true dreams.
Therefore we should work hard to come true dream what want we do.Don't left eternal in college.
There was event in my life.It was unforgettable.
I was seventeen years old,in the senior school.
My classmates were working-hard for college entrance examination at that time.
And we also played and slept together.We had a happy period.
A wonderful day before my seventeenth birthday,a pretty boy said that he liked me.How unexpected words,it's made my heart beat fast.
Lately,it's was my birthday ,the boy presented a pink cake and a photo album to me.I was surprised and very chuffed.The cake was very beautiful and delicious.Pink is my favorite color all the time.It beat my heart again.In fact,I was flipped.The simple love poured out from my heart as spring.
At that time we are young and simple, There was no worry in our life.As a result,the love of us was fine and happy.Now,we grow up and go to college in the different place.And we keep in touch with each other.We are good friends.
The incident was remembered in my heart all the time.The happy and pure love is our permanent memory.
There is an old saying which is well-known for everybody going like this, "Eat to live, not live to eat".
As it reveals that the first and the most basic purpose for us human beings to live in this world is to meet our fundamental life needs.
In other words, which is to say it is necessary for us to content our materialistic needs in our life span.
Without material, like water, vegetable and fruit, we cannot live.
No, I don't think so.
Initially, form our birth to death, we human beings are doomed to persue a good quality of life.
There is no denying that it includes both spiritual and materialistic aspects.
However, at the first beginning, we have to mantain our basic needs, which are materialistic connections.
Then we are energetic enough to chase after the spiritual enjoyment.
Everyone of us is being materialistic in our whole life.
Therefore, it is not so persuasive to criticize for being materialistic standing on this point.
What's more, to some extent, being materialistic is a very beneficial way to encourage us working hard and making more endeavour in our daily life.
For instance, once a while when you are so much fond of an amazing coat, but to your disappointment, you don't have enough money to purchase it.
But you are eager to have it.
Based on this side, then you can think of a way to solve this problem.
You will work hard and make more efforts to earn money and satisfy yourself in the end.
Being materialistic doesn't mean that you have to get what you want by all means.
It is an effective method to whip us fighting for a better quality of life and push us doing more positive things to get what we want and what we like in this modern society.
And we have to be materialistic in order to provide a better quality of life for our beloved ones and ones who love us.
I have been in the college for four mouths.
I found out many unhealthy habits form the older students.
Every Friday night, there are some students on Internet along with their friends all night.
They feel like playing games instead of studying.
And the other way, doing exercise becomes little and little.
I think the worst habit is smoking, in my dormitory, my friends smoke sometimes.
It makes me feel terrible.
Those habits let people at risk.
When they don't sleep all night.
The last day, the body is tired, the study efficiency gets lower.
It's not a thing that students to do.
Smoking hurt people deepest.
It will bring more illness.
The teenager will become old very fast.
It's unworthy smoking and playing games all night.
Making a schedule, sign up for activities.
To the library read books.
It's useful.
If you change your unhealthy habits, the college life gets more beautiful.
With the further economic growth and social development, China is moving from an era of labor surplus into an era of labor shortage, and more and more Chinese people are facing the shortage of labors.
It has long been a social problem that haven't been solved.
home service sectors, and it is becoming more and more serious recently.
Labor demand is now expanding in enterprises, but fewer people started that they will continue to work in cities.
There are some reasons for this phenomenon.
In the first place, with price arising cross China, it's hard for workers to work and live in cities.
Workers are now excepting higer salaries, but these jobs that pay more often require good working skills, which most worker on't have.
So they choose to work in factories in their hometown.
In the second place, in addition to the salary, they do not get the same social welfare as their urban counterparts do.
Besides, the social security they are entitled to is also less than that of urban workers.
Younger Chinese are no longer willing to work in factories.
They are far too optimistic about their career options and see no need to work for low wages hundreds of miles from their families.
As far as I am concerned, there are some methods to solve this problem.
If possible, local government should create conditions for those qualified to register as urban residents, so they can enjoy the same social welfare as other urban resident.
While their lack of professional skills hinders their further career development.
So, if possible, they should be given prossional training to make them adaptable to a wider range of work.
Besides, they should be integrated into the cities where they work as quikly as possible.
Today, the school arranged a probe - the rates for the national scenic spot.
I use of spare time on the Internet survey, have to say, this is very efficient.
Me with some travel website controller had good communication, they are nice, very good answer my questions, homework is very good, it has significance influence on me.
There is no double that I am really lucky ,because there is much love around me .The love from the parents.They are always looking after me when I am in trouble or sad.The love from the friends .
"A friend in need is a friend indeed.
"When I failed the exam they always encouraged me .When I got love with them I felt warm,rich and lucky.So I think I should show my love to them .I am going to give them a hand when they are in trouble.
I am going to try my best to help them.
All these love around me.I have never forget.
Nowadays, heavy road traffic has became a big problem.
Riders of e-bikes and bicycles ignore traffic lights and go all directions.
The total number of private cars in China rose sharply these years.
Firstly, citizens have little awareness of the traffic rules and they go wherever they want and do not feel guilty.
Secondly, the government does not take effective measures to stop this phenomenon.
From my point of view, I think strict laws should be made and carried out to regulate people's behavior.
Those who violate traffic regulations should be punished.
And people should follow the rules and regulations.
The most important thing is that people should be aware of the traffic rules.
Observing the traffic rules can protect people's lives.
People shouldn't risk their own lives because lives are so important.
On no account can we violate traffic regulations.
Nowadays,it is widespread issue about people dancing in a square,which have advantages and disadvantages.
Currently media outlets have reported many confrontations between people practicing square dancing and neighborhood.Dancing is benefit for the people health.Firstly,nowadays the society development is in a fast pace,many people living conditions is improve,so many people like do something,so dancing that it is very popular with people's things,people dancing may the time can use good.Secondly,many people go to in a square to dancing that can make the people's body become better and better,and to dancing may many old man the body become vivid,so it is very benefit for old man.Finally,it is important that in a square to dancing you can to make many friends,and make you life become better and better.However,it is have many disadvantages, have many people by the loud and throbbing dancing music even fired a shotgun into the air,so have people can not stand it.For example,a man irritated by the loud and throbbing dancing music even fired a shotgun into the air recently to scare away the dancer near his house,it is easy make the people to feel uncomfortable,such as in the air and in near have people in live ,if you need to dancing you can turn down the video,or you can to in public to dancing,in a word,if you need to dancing that you need to in a square ,so that you dancing to make your body health you should not irritated the near people formal life.
in my opinion,to dancing in a square it is benefit your body health,however,you need to protect the enviroment,and don't distruble the near people.
Music is an undividable part of our life and there is always a controversial issue about two different types of music.
Some people prefer classical music while the other prefer popular music.
As for me, I prefer popular music, for popular music is closer to my life, easier to understand and more suitable to share with peers.
Firstly, popular music seems to exist everywhere in my life.
When I walk on the street, watch TV or sit in a restaurant, I can always get touch with popular music.
Popular music, which makes me feel more relaxed and enriches my life, is just like the paint wich makes ordinary life colourful.
Secondly, popular music is easier for us to understand what singers want to convey to us, because popular music usually has lyrics, through which the composers try to express their ideas.
On the contrary, classical music has no lyrics and requires the audience to be educated about appreciating music.
Finally, listening to popular music is prevalent amongst young people, so your friends are apt to talk about popular music.
Popular music is like some kind of bond of friendship, because the same habit indicates that peers will interest in the same topic.
Generally, I prefer popular music to classical music.
Hello, everybody respected teacher and dear classmates.My name is X.from Class 5.Today I'm going to run for the position of chairman of our school's Students' Union.
As a candidate, I am confident that I qualified for the post of chairman of our school's Students' Union, with the assistance of the students, I believe I can do a better job of the student union, the better.I apply for this position I need a space to show my ability.I hope to play a greater role in the higher position to lead the students will do better Jinyuan High School.I am warm and cheerful I have a strong affinity to mingle with the students; I am serious and responsible I try my best to do every thing I have a strong cohesion; I am dare to innovate I will work  vibrantly ; I am willing to serve the students.
If I am lucky enough to be elected I will do the following:First.really play the role of the student union, and truly represent the interests of all students.
Next.I will coordinate the various relationships between teachers and students.Last but most important is to organize student team to let the plan become a reality.
In today's rapidly developing society, employment difficulties students to become a significant problem.
Consideration of this issue at the same time, some students think that society is more important is practice, so they think the university learned theoretical knowledge is useless, there have been some students pay attention to practice but despise theory of the phenomenon.
For the theoretical knowledge and practical force, we have a different view.
First, we must understand the power of theory and practice are combined, that is the relationship between theory and practice is dialectical.
Theory originally comes from practice, because the theoretical knowledge on a human level of knowledge of things in the understanding and discussion.
Therefore, in practice the theoretical knowledge needs to be validated.
Of course, the practice guide theoretical knowledge needed to proceed.
With the rapid development of today's society of knowledge, how many also are affecting the future of humanity and the historical process of the theoretical knowledge acquired.
For the strength of theoretical knowledge and practical, I have my own views.
For it is our students, in everyday life and study process, we should focus on theoretical knowledge and practical combination.
Guide practice with scientific theory, development theory in innovation, so as to give full play to the role of theory and practice.
Though you entered university earlier than me,I still have inclination to talk about what books should we read.Because of the differences between Chinese education and the foreign's,my idea my be valuable to you.
The first book is called AWAKEN THE GIANT WITHIN.Through the inspirational and fun example of anecdotes, you will find your true purpose, control of your life and be inspired to control the ability of fate.
is the second book had to be read.This book creates a mirror of society generally need--how to deal with and face the change of the information age and crisis.
The third one is named A message to Garcia,whose sales hit 800 million!It contains the enterprise success and personal development win-win essence and describe the theme music of the work place.
Both these 3 books are recommended by Kai-fu Lee,who you always admire.So I hope they can have positive effect on you.
Hope to hear from you soon.
Nowadays, Chinese University education developed fastly, buts intake expansionl education bring some disadvantage.
Chinese University education also exists some serious problems.
Firstly, professional education is also easy to neglect the training of student' s ability.
For the reason that professional knowledge constanly updated,students need to master the contents more and more,the teacher wants to teach you something more.
In this case, the student will be tired,students learn it hard.
What's more, student lack of humanistic spirit in university, for that they often ignore the ethical and humanistic value of comprehensive quality cultivation.In addition to the lack of humanistic spirit, some of our students lack of the sense of social responsibility and sense of mission.
For this reasons, we must look for some solutions to solve this problem.
First, our school must focus on cultivating practical skills and theoretical konwledge, paying attention to students' creative thinking capabilities and helping students understand their own abilities to choose the right major.
Secondly, our uinversity also pay more attention to developing student' s humanistic spirit.
Therefore, we can provide a lot of geat people to our country.
I believe our university will be better and better through our working hard.
Nowadays, numerous college students choose to get a part-time job to rich college life.
There is no doubt that taking part-time job would bring plenty of benefits.
Above all, part-time job can make our life more enjoyable and meaningful; that is to say, it can add more color to the same day in and day out of the life.
What's more, part-time job can make we college students get in touch with the society earlier.
We would know what the real world is.
And some college students live an extravagant life with a pocket money given by their parents, which keeps them from the hardship of earning money in the real world.
More importantly, part-time job can help students gain some useful experience to approach the society and establish some connections in advance.
Besides, because not every family is wealthy, getting a part-time job can lighten their burden.
As every coin has two sides, there are still some disadvantages in taking a part-time job.
On the one hand, it occupies some of the students' spare time and the time in studying would decrease, maybe it would keep our attention from focusing on learning.
Therefore, our study would be affected in a certain extent.
In a word, there are always two sides about all the things, what we need to do is to keep the balance of both sides.
Undoubtedly, for college students, part-time job can not only improve the social connection, but also get plenty of precious experience.
Therefore I think college students should take part-time jobs.
Sometimes how to make friends is not an easy task for friends.
As is vividly described in the picture, a boy pays 100 yuan for making friends with a girl, saying'give you money to show our close friendship'.
In my opinion, this behaviour has advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, this behaviour enable student to focus on friendship, on the other hand, this behaviour can inform bad environment and make students think money is everything.
Therefore, as a student,l should how to make friends.
Firstly, a true friend is someone who accepts your past, support your now and encourages you future.
Taking care about your friendship by your heart, rather than money.
Secondly, money is not represent your value friendship.
You can dly some small presents to your friend, it is good for your friendship.
In the current society, a true friend is very important for you.
Thus,you should treasure friend.
My favourite place is reading room.
I am not like noisy.
Reading room is quiet,and I like reading books very much.
There are a lot of useful books,films,magazines and newspapers there.
I can learn in the book.
The book can let me grow up.
So I like reading books at reading room.
And I always read books,films,magazines newspapers.
I like reading books even I forget eating and sleeping.
My favourite place is reading room.
we are glade to inform you that our No.j-29 sales confirmation captioned good has shipped by s.s. ''pearl''.It will transport by s.s.''May flower'' in Hongkong.
This deal made by prime cost and transportation expenses.
We have send you the fax on March 15,2013 that you can effect insurerance promptly.
Here comes summer.
We have worked hard for a whole term.Many students feel a bit tired, including me.
For this reason, my family advise me to have a trip to Hangzhou with them to relax in summer vacation.
My father told me that my cousin would show us around the West Lake.
It is said that the scene of the West Lake is extremely fascinating and magnificent.
According to our plan,we will spend a week on this trip.
It is suggested that we should get ready for it ahead of time.
Therefore,we booked the ticket for the train and purchase some present that cannot be found there for my cousin's family.From my perspective,we will have a good time.
I will also review what I have learnt at this term and what we will learn the next term.
I hope that my summer vacation will be relaxing and meaningful.
Last summer vacation,my mom and I went to Japan by plane.We stayed 6 days there.We visited lots of places,such as Osaka,Tokyo and Kyoto.All the places are very beautiful.
In Osaka, I visited the Tenshiyokaku.It was a castle with white ang green.And it was modelled after the ancient buildings of China.
In Tokyo,we visited the Fujisan.Thought it was in summer,it was really cold on the top of the mountion.Then,we went to Disneyland and we spent the whole day there.We watched the 4D movie.It was great,as if we got into a magic world.We also ate a lot of delicious food,like sushi,raw fish and wasabi.
We had a wonderful day there.One day,I will go there again.
Most of students complain that life is not sweet as their initial expectation.They say that life is flat,puzzle and they frequently feel dizzy and sluggish.This may be accurate in favor of many students who are not sure of how they spend in college,but once they have a life planning.They may find that life is abundant,adaptable and they are energetic.
First of all, the life planning subscribe to make life abundant.As a teenager,I can't assist surfing at one or another,but my life planning always prevent that from consuming much of valuable time.Insteadly,for delight,for ornament and for ability,reading is a major part of my life planning.Moreover,I manage to take part in some activities in moderation,where I make friends with people of varied personalities, we get on with each other and get a great kick out of doing things together and talking about things of our interest.Also,I do a part-time job on weekends,which give me more experience.
In addition to being abundant,life planning has the merit of adaptable.Robbots work well under the instruction.In a similar manner,it is conductive to having a life planning,as that support us take actions on good grounds.On the average,from necessary,before I arrange to join in activities,I usually go to the library to be preoccupied with finishing my homework.And then I have the like hood of bending on discussing and organising of activities.Of course,after an eight-hour day of concentration and challenges,I prefer to relax in the evening with a few hours spent in strolling.
Above everything else,life planning donates to keep energetic.At the mercy of the life planning,my life is regular,instantly,I arose up at 6:00 am and go to bed at 10:00 and after the morning exercise I persevere in eating breakfast and I have a nap in the great majority of cases.All together,I am quite glad of progress I have made when I stand in the front of window and watch the shimmering stars for a little time.
What,then,is the rewards of owning a life planning?My own experiences tell that so long as one realises what they intend to achieve in their life, one will take advance of the life planing to enrich the life,to adjust to life and there is a spring in a body.All in all,it is a truth universally acknowledged,that a young person in possession a good life must be in want of a life planning.
There are many famous persons who I admire .
However, I respect Lu Xun best.
Lu Xun is not only a great writer, but also a great critic.
What I have learned from him is a large wealth.
Lu Xun has different attitude to the loves and hates .On the one hand, he can do anything to defend the countryman from being threatened.On the other hand, he against with his opponents .From that, I know I should do an emotional person.I will continue to do good things and will never to give in to bad things.
Lu Xun has a strong duty to our country.
For example, he gives up his career as a doctor and decides to work on the writing .
That is in that he find it is crucial to prevent the people from becoming weaker and weaker .
Therefore, I Promise that I will take great responsibility to finish everything.
All of us should realize the worth of life ,so we should try our best to enrich it.
With the exception of those,I have understood one should keep up a great interest in their enterprise .Only then,we can success.
Hello,I am Lihua.
Mr. Brown is My foreign teacher.After new years day,he ask our to introduce ourself family.I think I must go to grandparents home,have a dinner with them together.I prepare for send regaids to my friends,I can treasure ours frendly,I miss your.I hope we can have delicious food,watch TV and play games.Finally,I wish you a happy new year,family happines.
Nowadays ,more and more students have different views on teachers .
Some students hold the view that the relationship between teachers and students like the gardener with the flowers ,some even describe the relationship like this :students are to teachers what a bee is to a flower or what perfume is to a flower , A famous teacher once said that :students are the teachers' mirror,So students' evaluation of teachers are very important to a teacher's normal teaching quality ,it can promote the communication between teachers and students ,Also ,it makes the students are more and more believe in the teachers,it can increase students' enthusiasm in leaning .What's more ,the closer and harmonious relationship can lead a good beginning in the campus.
Every coin has two sides, from other' point of view ,they believe teachers are the big generation,we students don't have right to evaluate our teachers,we should respect them,trust them,learn from them,and obey them.It is our precious spirit wealth passed down by our ancestors.
As far as I am concerned,the teachers are the keys which lead us to the knowledge treasure,so ,the evaluation of teachers can let teachers know the strong points and weak points of our daily leaning and teaching.
Nowadays, we have had a heated discussion about whether the city add some taxis.
Our opinions are divided on this topic.
Some people are in favor of adding taxis.
They hold the idea that the taxis in city is little.
Besides, it is long for people to wait taxis.
Nevertheless, other people strongly disagree to add taxis.
First of all, there are a lot of taxis on street, so that many taxis make a lot of traffic accident.In addition, nothing is vexations than to make the traffic jam.
Personally speaking, the advantages overweigh the disadvantages, the taxi is very useful because it is easy for people to go to work.
But the traffic accident is serious and we need to fair use air trip time.
As we all know ,there is much love around us .For example ,the teachers help me to deal with the problem patiently .MY parents prepare for my food carefully .that is why I grow up happily .When I get love from them .I must feel excellent .
So I must do something for them .It is own way to show my love .I will behave well in the school and care my parents ,too .
let us take action to show our love .
Have you ever considered that what we learn from school education?Have you ever thought that how to apply skill we have acquired to daily life (That means theory should combine with practice) ?This year I had a meaningful and fruitful holiday,it made me more mature and independent.
When I stayed at home for a week,I found it was so boring to do the same things:eating,watching TV,and sleeping.So I decided to find a job.
After conquering many obstacles, I was an employee of Vanguard Supermarket.At first, I should learn skills from experienced colleague, my manger said to me, "If you want to be an excellent cashier, you must acquire some professional skills.
"Certainly, it would take some time to be a qualified cashier.
As I was in trouble learning skills, I would think of my teacher ;because few people helped me patiently liking teacher.When you step into society,you should handling everything by yourself.
Just you know, it is the work world; that is really life.
As a cashier, I related to money every day.
It needed me to be in cautious in that case, or I would be responsible for my mistake.
At weekend,many people came supermarket to go shopping.Undoubtedly, it would take many profits for the company,but for me,it was a misery day.I have to work very late;that's tired.Sometimes, someone intentionally created difficulties.Even more, they gave you fake money.You know that very clear but you must still serve them with smiling In addition to bad things,there were also good things.
We know that X is a metropolis where has many scenic spots.
Many foreigners come to the city.I was glad to serve them communicating with them in English I was so proud of myself.
Anyway,it is a time that contributes to my growth and maturity.It makes me know that there are many unfair things in life, you can't change them and just adapt to them.
This time I want to introduce the UK, an ancient and seagirt country which is located in Atlantic.
The full name of the UK is The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Consists of Wales, Scotland, England and northern part of the Ireland, this country includes four kinds of culture which have slight differences.
The official language of the UK is English, and the regime is the constitutional monarchy.
First there was England.
Then Wales linked to it in the thirteenth century.
Then in the seventh century, these two areas joined to Scotland.
From then on, the country was called Great Britain.
In the early twentieth century, Northern Ireland connected with Great Britain, the name became the United Kingdom and never changed.
As the capital city of this country, London is famous for its unique collections in the British Museum, splendid views in the Buckingham Palace and the London Eye, on which you can see the whole city.
With the exception of London, there are many others interesting place for sightseeing, such as Cambridge, a popular Education Mega Center with world famous universities like King's College in it.
You can also go to the Goodison Rd to see the natural scenery and feel the simple pleasure of the countryside.
In general, UK has a really long-standing history and original culture.
If you want to go there, please don't forget to take your camera to set down the wonderful trip.
Nowadays,the phenomenon that university campus students to pursue the brand is more and more common.Many students spend a lot of money to buy some brand products.They think these brand products's quanlity are guaranteed.Although these are very expensive.
Nevertheless,most of the students are rational.They are opposed to this phenomenon.Because it cost much money.Something has brand but may has some disadvantages.
As far as i'm concerned,i don't have very good economic foundation.My parents advocate saving.So i like them don't pursue the brand.I don't think brand products are good.I suggest that college students don't follow suit blindly pursue brand,be yourself is very important.
As is known to us, China is facing the challenge in meeting the economy developing at top speed.
With the communication and cooperation becoming frequently and deeply, English Writing play the main role in business negotiation.
English Writing would be also a powerful tool in the everywhere.
Therefore, the skill about English Writing would be a standard to measure how much you master the language.
And we can also learn the practicability about it.
Whatever, we should not miss the importance of English Writing because of the more and more face to face meetings which are thought will replace it.
No one can deny it would be also a useful and basic skill for an internationalized talent in self-marketing especially you are applying for foreign companies.
In addition, English Writing is also an efficient approach to communication.
Hoping that everyone can pay attention to the English Writing and appreciate the art of English Writing.
In the 21th century, International Exchange will affect China more than before.
Certainly, English Writing will also become a valuable tool which would impress us.
Nowadays,with the progress of the society and the dissemination of knowledge,more and more people join to blood donation,and also more and more voluntary Blood Donation Station have been set up.
Blood donation has its great significance.First of all,many people who are sickness and dying are demand for blood very much.Blood means their everything and their life support.Secondly,blood donation without repayment can inspire people and educate everyone.Last but not least,there is a great spirit in it,it's selfless dedication and love.These can light of the whole world.
Many people consider blood donation may be harmful to our health.Nevertheless,in fact,blood donation is beneficial to our health.It can prevent us from many disease.
As a college student,we have more freedom,and we can do everything we want to.So we have more bad habits than high school.Such as play the computer games,get up too late,drinking and so on.First,I think the worst habit is play the computer games,as a student,our main aim is study,play the computer games can not only lost our time and money,but also affect our study.So we shouldn't be addicted to it.Second,I disagree we students get up too late.a 12-kilometer radius say of good:a year is the spring,in the morning of a day.So we ought to use the morning time increase our knowledge.Finally,I think drinking is necessary for the college students,but we must stop where it should stop,because it's bad for our health.In a word,although college students have many bad habits,but we also can be best.Believe ourselves,and we must be the best.
Water,paying an important role in our daily life,breeding everything on the earth.However,there are more than 90% water in human being's body as well as the earth consist of water.
Along with the advance of the society,more and more problems are brought to our attention,one of which is that water become fewer than before.In addition,there are two reasons.Firstly,water is polluted increasingly by chemical factory.Secondly,a great number of people who do not realize the water shortage problem usually waste water.
After a thorough consideration,for my part,I think that people should be attaching more and more importance to the water shortage.Everyone has responsibility to save water.On the one hand,the government should encourage people to save water and get some measure to protect water.On the other hand,the chemical plant should consider the water whether is polluted in the productive process.I believe that if we can try to save and protect water,the water shortage will be solved.
The Mid-autumn Day is traditional Chinese festival.It is the second most important holiday of the year.People have celebrated the Mid- autumn Day since a long time ago .Because Mid-autumn Day festival means reunion.During the festival ,there are plenty of other things to see and do .we have a three-day holiday.On the evening of Mid-autumn Day,families get together enjoy the full moon and eat all kinds of mooncakes.
And we usually watch program,talk lot and tell stories after dinner.Autumn is the harvest season,people celebrate the harvest.
It's generally said that the best way to learn a language is to be abandoned to it.However,learning English also have something in common with playing games which you can get a kick out of.Develop your interest in learning more words,and get relaxed during your study.
It is essential to listen a lot and talk with each other as well.Perhaps it is boring to recite words yourself,but you would improve listening and speaking if you tried to communicate with friends.
Meanwhile,it is gorgeous reading that you can do.The more efforts you make,the faster you read.After practising for a long time ,you can read the books writen by your favourate author .
Finally,keep a diary to improve your English writing.
It is maybe the best fortune you have.
There are all my advices .I hope that they are useful for your improvement.
I think this principle is reasonable in most of the time.
First of all.if a person is guilty,maybe he will leave some evidences because of his impatience.And if we cannot find anything to prove it,there isn't any reason for us to say with certainty that the man is guilty.What's more, maybe sometimes this principle is not reasonable and fair according to our emotion,but the only thing we can do is to prove the fact with abundant proof.The results of everything cannot just be based on people's feelings.
In a word.how can we announce that the man is guilty when we have no evidence.
No matter who you are and no matter what you do,everyone has a dream.It is colorful and different.Some people want to be rich and some people want to be famous.But you never can become millionaires overnight or suddenly jump to great prestige.As the ancient Chinese proverb puts it.
People who dream of achieving have at least have one thing in common,that is,they always hold fast to their dreams.Marie Curie, a famous scientist, has set a particular striking.By chance, Marie find a new element.In order to confirm her findings,she must get it .
After four years of hard work, Marie and her husband at last find the dim blue light of the new element -- radium.
Her dream had come true.Success is not an accident.Though barries may sometimes stand in the way of your dreams.Remember that your dream just standing behind them.
In accordance with your actual,make your dream more realistic.Then just try your best.Never say I can not do it or this is too hard to me.Hold fast to your dreams, no matter how big or small they are.Always believe that your ultimate goal is attainable as long as you commit yourself to it.Take pride in your accomplishments,as they are stepping-stones to your dreams.
It may be briefly summed up as follows.Nothing in the word is difficult if you put your heart into it.
Time is important to everyone.
But in my opinion, time is even more precious than money.
Because when money is spent, we can earn it back.
However, lost time will never come back.
So we must value time.
We should make full use of us time to do useful things.
The boundless universe, the greatest, the fairest, time is the most selfless.
The most ordinary while the most valuable in life is time.
Time means a chance to us.
Time flies and we should do my best to challenge myself to go ahead.
We are youth and we can do many things in my life.
And we can believe ourselves complete many things with my time.
Yes, cherish time is to cherish life, life for everyone is very important, we everyone should cherish the time well, creates own life value.
So, time is the most precious thing we have.
We always have enough time.
We can know what we should do next so that we can save as much time as possible when we study or work, we should put our hearts into it.
I think that all of us should emphasize using our time effectively.
Time for me is a doctor, time can cure everything.
Time for me is a teacher; teach me to know the kind of society and ugly.
We need to brave to face the world.
And we should form the good habit of saving time.
That is a waste of time, use time, really hurt is myself.
Do not put off what can be done today till tomorrow.
There are still war happening today in the world.
In accordance with to a military expert ,war is much expensive , and it's always for self_benifts, for example ,oil ,gas and restricting others.
Howere ,There are no body willing to accept it ,and to some extent, series of damaged wars occurred .
It is unbelievable that thousands of homes were deserted ,over more ,many people died at war.
As far as I'm concerted , we should be coexistent with the Five Peaceful coexistent Principles .At the same time ,we should save problems via dialogues and discussing.
I feel it lucky to be a pig,that man's pig.It's my duty to put on weight full meals after full meals.I have to do nothing but sleep.
Every spring,I would change my master.Sometimes,I would come across cruel men who often beat me.I think,they are so stupid that hardly know my value.Bright owners would spoil me ,taking me as their babies.Lucky, this spring such a man intrudes into my life.He is a tall,slim man in his forties or fifties.Generally speaking,he is a nice guy.
The day he brings me home is a sunny day,no cloud staggering above.This home is so gorgeous,beyond my imagination.Apple trees stand there,full of sweet flowers and light green leaves,totally"icy beauties".The breeze is my old friend.It is she that makes big apple trees to wave hands to me.I feel extremely flattered.But I am too small to shake hands with them,which makes me sad.A little down from the warm slope of the orchard(I learn it later) lies my new home,surrounded by the wooden fence.The moment we arrive here,he puts me down and touches me tenderly,saying:"welcome,little pig!
"It seems that a person in front of me is not a tall man,but a kind mother.You don't know how much I likes him!
My bed is a little strange,made of sawdust,yet warm enough.When I want to sleep,I just plow a little furrow with my snout and lie down in.I have three meals a day,each in a fixed time:six o'clock in the morning,ten o'clock before noon and 4 o'clock before dust.At first,the cold ladies are hard to contact.As the time goes by,we become close friends.They tell me that their leaves will fall down in autumn.I am a little surprised,"Why?You are beautiful now.
"The answered:"Our leaves are the best fertilizer for the next generation.
"The respond in a tender voice,"Life is a circle.Our death provides nutrient for the new.
"I bear it in my mind for good,like a fastened hook in my head.
Three months pass by.I am stronger and fatter.The flowers all change into little green sour fruits.I can never see my beauties any more.I am in bad mood now.The food in my trough is not that delicious as before.When my friends die in autumn,I am destined to be another dishes on the table.As the silver cord was cut,my first mother told me about the span of my life.If I were a bird,I would fly in the azure sky;if I were a drop of water,I would flow into a wide ocean;if I were a little seed buried in soil,I would get rid of the prison and would be in full blossom.But I am a little pig.My sorrow confines me in the sawdust.That words"Life is a circle"have haunted me for months.I sleeps in my bed,thinking about it again and again,and has no appetite for the meals.
My present "mother" come to check me,seriously.Several hours later,he comes to me,followed by his giant son,who armed with a small bottle of oil and a length of clothesline.I am very shocked.The older son just cast a glimpse of me,then grab my front legs and upset me quickly.At the moment I scream, "mother" turns the bottle into my throat,regardless of my hysterical shouting.When the torment is over,my big brother right me and stand by.Then my "mother" scratches me gently,but he suddenly stops,his brows wrinkled.Again,he checks me seriously,yet completely.After their leaving,I fell a little uncomfortable.On such stuffy days,my sweats drop like greasy oil.Several hours later,"mother" comes to fell my ears,then leaves.
Now,my soul is waiting for the next spring.
In reply to you enquiry letter of October 5th,we have pleasure in making an offer for fireworks and firecrackers.
All the terms and conditions are acceptable to us and we are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.Also under separate cover,we are sending you some samples which will show you clearly the quality and craftsmanship.We trust that you see them you will agree that our products would appeal to the most selective buyers.
About the discount,We can allow 2% discount on all orders of US $10,000 in value and over,and 3% on orders exceeding US$25,000.
As to terms of payment,we usually require L/C at sight.
The offer holds good until 4 o'clock p.m. 14th of October ,Beijing time.Please take all the necessary steps you can do without delay.
Looking forward to receiving your order soon.
Strong will, is the backbone of the spirit; across rough belief; is the fundamental for the success of victory.
The saying goes: whoendure to be guided.Only if you eat ordinary people did not eat too bitter, not received by the ordinary people to offend, in order to be regarded as a strong-willed person.
Human life is a long time to go through birth to death, mix it like a very, very long way to spare our lives.
However, this road is not good to go, so we need a strong will to lead us into the depths of theroad of life.
Today, we held the sports meeting successfully.
What impressed me most was the men's 4x100m race.I firmly believed that this race was the most exciting one I had never seen before.
Runners strove to speed up as they could.Everyone had a ferocious look in the last runner who caught all people's eye.He ran so fast that he seemed to be a rocket from people's sight.There is no doubt that he got the first easily.However,the successful boy burst into tears of joy and everyone cheered him.
In my opinion, of course success is important,but to unite team members is more important.We should hold a firm belief that we are the one!
There is a certain amount of truth is that gold has been regarding as valuables and gaining a popularity among people.
When it comes to gold, what its functions are various should be concerned.
Taking these ways into consideration, perhaps we can safely come to the conclusion that gold has become necessarity during people's daily life.
As far as I am concerned, people's show theirs love for gold is undenible, but it worth reasonable persuit.
As we all know, in cultural tradition of China, gold means a symbol of authority for ordinary people.
Since ancient time the persuit of gold seems to be very crazy.
The people paid all their abilities to win the status, even by all the means to get gold through any places.
Besides, doing everything need the sense of reason and responsibility, which require us to "Look before you jump" .
In some extend, people all need keep an eye on the thing which is really what we needed.
Furthermore, everything going beyond the limit is as bad as falling short, therefore, the desire for everything should have a limitation in reasonable range.
Taking these factors into consideration, people should have a sense of reason in persuit of things what especially they are really keen on.
I'm proud of being a junior student.
Because as for freshmen, I am more knowledgeable; as for senior, I'm less than their busyness.
Three years' college life has educated me how to study without teacher and how to be a carefree girl in daily life, I think college life has a positive influence on my future life.
In high school, I always follow my teachers, because the teachers just to teach us how to get high scores so that we can pass the college entrance examination.
But when I step into the gate of my university, I found that there were many students reading books themselves on campus everywhere.
A light break upon to me that there is no teacher to be followed any longer, so I must try to learn on my own.
When I'm a junior student now, I have almost possessed the skill.
There is a saying on the Internet:in primary school, when you cry, all your teachers and classmates were around you; in middle school, when you cry, some of your friends comforted you; but in campus, when you cry, someone else will say you are like a little kid.
When I'm in college, I'm an adult, not a little girl like before.
I have to be carefree in case of being defeated by all kinds of difficulties.
College life has affected me much, and I think I benefit from it all the time.
I am pleased to confirm that we hold the next meeting .I have booked the meeting at 402 rooms .I want to check details for an event next week with my two assistants.And confirm the schedule with security of our meeting is developed.One participant will be late to our meeting.His physical is not well.Finally.I look forward to having a good time in our meeting.
If winter comes, the leaves on the trees drop light, the north wind whistling, The earth a depression spectacle.
The river caked with thick ice.
People around scarf wearing gloves, wearing sections of the cotton-padded jacket, but still difficult to resist invasion of cold cold red face.
Reference to winter, most people would naturally think that she's cold, a world of desolation everywhere, seems to be ruthless.
Today, however I have to praise the noble character of the winter.
Winter, she is a symbol of holiness, when snow and ice into the threshold of winter, the whole world was North condensation.
Winter, I praise you, respect you.
I greet you, you enjoy the purity of the body, you stern character, I would like to embrace you at training, strive ......
unwise choices and wasted many time on useless things.
benefit and reward now.
At the beginning of my college life, I joined two organizations.
department and the other is a voluntary association.
things to do such as English corner, English Culture Festival and so on.
children.
I have to deal with all these things while others were studying or surfing the internet for fun.
used to be worried for being left behind and feel meaningless for having wasted too much time.
have such an experience doing some social work in college.
capable in coordinating, organizing and leading, which I cannot gain from text books.
study performance is quite satisfying.
I have learnt to allocate my time well.
My first year in college also saw me reading many books especially on history.
up very quickly until today when we are learning western culture and western social conditions.
these courses easily with the help of my knowledge on western history.
Just as an old saying goes, As a man sows, so he shall reap.
lot to gain new insights into myself.
My first year in college is rewarding.
Along with the rapid development of the economic globalization, culture shock is no longer something strange in our daily life.
When it comes to the culture shock, we can talk from many different ways.
Next, I will talk about the influences of different childcare between Chinese and western cultures from three aspects.
To begin with, the way to judge whether it is a good child is different, because of the difference of value orientation.
In china, there is no doubt he is a good boy if the boy almost never take mistakes and do as the parents told him.
So, most of students can't show off their individual characters, express their creative.
Even be asked the aim of learning, they will answer that in order not to let their teachers and parents down.
However, in western countries, the children are free, they dare to express their own views, dare to challenge the authority of the elders.
They like independent thinking achieve personal interests by their own abilities, and they also think personal interest is the most important.
Then, the way to respect children is different, because of the difference mores between china and western.
In the movie , we can see this act: when xudatong's son argues with the son of his boss, xudatong beat his own son without any reasons.
Such scene is common in china, and this is the Chinese typical traditional way to show modest.
Most of Chinese parents think spare the rod spoil the child, they don't want to equal with their children.
On the contrary, western parents think the child is an individual from the day he was born, whether his parents or relatives have no rights to limit his behaviors, even have no right to make choice for their children.
They always encourage children to do what they are interested.
In addition, because of the different family values, parents will think about whether to adopt a separate generation education.
In china, parents chose separate generation education; most children are raised by their grandparents who think they have responsibility to do this.
Then, the parents just concentrate on their jobs.
Thus, the life styles of Chinese children more or less have some similarities.
But ,in western, one of the parents have to quit his /her job to take care of their child, or send the child to special agencies to take care of.
For the grandparents they don't think raise grandchild is their responsibility.
From what have been discussed above, we can draw the conclusion that in the education of children, china and west have their own styles.
And it is difficult to say which one is good, the other is bad.
Maybe we should do is to mix them together to foster strengths and circumvent weaknesses.
In my opinion,governments should spend more money on improving all forms of public transportation.these include buses,trains or subways.It will bring the better life.
On the one hand,governments spend more money on improving public transportation can bring with a lot of benefits and convenience to people's life.Now days,the public traffic is more and more serious,there will be a lot of traffic jam,especially in some big city like Beijing and Shanghai.
Many peoples go to work will take more than two hours.How to improve the conditions of traffic?The government should take actions to solve this problem.If governments spend more money on improving public transportation,it will be cut down a lot of time on road.
On the other hand,better public transportation systems will encourage people to use them rather than drive their own car.The pollution of environment more and more heavily.If a city has no a perfect public transportation,the air will polluted more heavily.what a dirty enveronment we live in!
There are many reason to suppose governments should spend more money on improving public transportation.Good transportation systems make a city clearer,more efficient and more convenient.I always try to take public transportation whenever possible,and I encourage friends and neighbors to try it.
Many cyber gurus has claimed that the Internet will prevent wars ,reduce pollution and combat inequality .However ,although the Internet is still young enough to inspire idealism, it also has been long enough to test whether the prophets can be right.
TheInternet will not reduce misunderstandings and avert conflicts.
The mistake people make is that is to assume that wars are caused simply by the failure of misunderstandings.
Secondly, millions of PCs, printers,servers and other devices gobble significant quantities of energy.Thirdly, as the poor lack the skills to exploit the Internet effectively, so it is difficult to see how connecting the poor to the Internet will improve their finance.
The Internet changes many things.Howerve, enen then everyone on the planet has been connect to the Internet; there will still be wars, pollution and inequality.
The Internet is not the first technology to have been hailed as a panacea, and it will certainly not be the last.
As more and more homes and offices connect to the Internet, it is becoming more and more convenient for individuals to expose to various forms of useful resources.
So many scholars acclaimed that the old education gap will become the history.
Indeed, the Internet can provide us with a very good platform for get knowledge.
The mistake people make is to assume that the traditional education gap is caused simply by soft power.
However, it also has a direct relationship with hardware resources.
Besides, the idea that bad weather will no longer exist is also not sensible.
Although with the help of weather forecast, our humans can take some effective measures to reduce property losses, we still can not prevent the terrible weather from destroy our homeland.
Even everyone on the planet has been connected to the internet, there will still be education gap and bad weather.
My country is Beijing.
Beijing is a good place to have fun.
First,Beijing is a city with a long history.
Then, Beijing has many famous beauty spots.
Such as Summer Place, The Great Wall, etc.
And Summer Place is a paradise on earth.There is tall trees,colorful flowers,clean rivers and long halls.
For The Great Wall, such a saying goes : One who fails to reach the Great Wall is not a hero.And The Great Wall is important for China.
Finally, Beijing is cultural center of China.
For a foreign friend, Beijing is a good place that a foreigner knows eastern cultural.
So, if a foreign friend of yours is coming to visit China, i must visit Beijing with my foreign friend.
Sima Guang was a writer of the Chinese Northern Song Dynasty.
He had a fantastic wisdom, and he studied hard.
When he was seven years old, he made an extraordinary thing.
One day, Sima Guang and his partner was playing hide and seek in a yard happily.
The yard was full of laughter,and every child was sweating.
All of a sudden,a little boy accidentally fell into a huge tank filled with water.
It frightened some children into crying,and the others went out for help.
Only Sima Guang was in contemplate.
Everyone attempted to rescue the partner.Suddenly,Sima Guang said that we could hit the tank.
Everyone thought that it was a good idea.
They put some miraculous stones without hesitation and threw into the tank.
In a little while,lots of water came out,and the chid was washed out by water.
Eventually,the child was saved.
Sima Guang could calm down in a crisis,so he was a fierce hero.
Recently it is reported that some historical sites are considering charging tourists different entry fees according to different seasons.
When peak travel seasons come, the fees would be higher.
It has raised a heated debate in public and some people think it too complex to do so.
However, in my opinion, it is necessary to take such action.
First of all, tourists may benefit a lot from this policy.
For one thing, there is no doubt that entry fee is an important matter which tourists would take into consideration.
A much cheaper price may attract more tourists to visit the historical interest.
For another, there will be fewer people in the site during slack seasons than people during peak seasons.
Hence, tourists who pay their visits in slack seasons can enjoy the beauty of scene better and have a happier time when travelling.
Next, running up the fee of entry will dissuade a large quantity of tourists from coming to the historical interest during peak travel seasons, which is helpful for protecting old buildings and ruins.
As is known to all, human behavior is a major factor that will do harm to those historical sites and cultural relics.
For example, taking photos with flashes will greatly damage wall paintings, or even destroy them.
More people do so, more danger the historical sites will face.
So to some degree, fewer people to come decreases the possibility of damaging historical places.
It is charging more money in peak tour period that is a workable way to preserve historical articles and interest of places.
Last but not least, higher entry fees suggests more fiscal revenue to be got from tourism, which can be spent on the development of tourism in turn, such as constructing new entertainment facility, renovating old architecture and so on.
In short, more money spent on historical sites is a good thing for the sites themselves to enhance their charms.
A safe conclusion can be drawn that it is urgent to charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons.
Moreover, such policy has been come into effect in some of historical places of interst, for instance, Tiger Hill in Suzhou, and it has a great influence on attracting people to come in slack seasons as well as protecting historical sites.
Therefore, it is worthwhile to be widespread all over our country.
Everyone has different dreams in different stages of life.
become a young boy with new dream to make my college life more valuable and more interesting.
My major is computer media technology, so I want to be a network engineer.
Now China is a developing country and the network has been widely applied in life in every corner.
network engineer, I can help more people to solve the network problem.
in class.
In the same time, I will also join some associations to enrich my spare time and make more friends.
Dreams are the wind for our sails on the ocean.
make it beautiful.
First of all, I have to explain that this person is important to me is not because he is my lovely family member, or because he is my closest friend.
he is my college school teacher.
He is very tall and had a middle long hair, a round face, little mustache, and have a beer belly.
He likes smoking because you can easily smell the flavor of cigarette when he walked around the classroom.
He is a solemn and serious man.
You can hardly see him smile in public.
This appearance have the direct effect which led to most of his students, including me, are afraid of him.
He was in charge of the class and taught us Chinese.
THE reason why we were afraid of him was that he like a goat.
We never know when he was standing outside the window; looking at us secretly.
He was the emperor in the class.
When he stood on the platform, we never dare say any words, sitting directly and listening carefully.
He was strictly to all of us.
Sometimes we even spoken ill of him in private and complained of his autocracy.
He made many rules for us.
Some of them we just thought it was incredible and intolerable.
He said that we must not buy the between-meal nibbles, especially the hot and oil junk food and the quick served noodle.
He even intimated us that once we were caught buying this junk food, he would throw it directly into the dustbin.
He said the money we spent buying the snacks was waste of our parent's bloody money.
So we could say nothing but obey him.
Anther strange rule we also can't put up with.
When winters come, our classroom was on the top floor.
The wind is too strong and cold.
We got up early to start morning reading.
He would also keep company with us.
During this time, he would order the students who sit close to the window opened the window.
The clod wind swept over the classroom.
we shrunk into a mass, reading the book.
All in all, we have nothing to say, just kept silence.
But what he told sometimes is very acknowledgeable.
He said the God will give a hardworking person a big gift.
On his rule, we could do nothing but study.
I'm not a very clever student, but this quote has a big influence to me.
The most important lesson he told me was not in the class.
He taught me how to deal with other people's indifference.
If you were falling behind in study, no one would show sympathy on you.
They just saw the last consequences.
The only way to solve it is to break it.
If you were not satisfied the present situation, you could do your best to break it.
You fell behind, just worked hard to catch up whit other person.
During my high school life, I hated him in bones.
I think sometimes what he did was unfair to me.
But after graduated, I was admitted to a university, I just want to think for him.
I was graceful for him to treat us strictly.
He told us how to keep a good habit, how to work hard, how to be stronger in mind and in body, how to be self-independents.
What he told me is even more important than the book.
This was the reasons why he was important to me in my life.
With the improvement of material life and spiritual life, an increasing number of people are prone to choose to adopt a sedentary lifestyle.
The lifestyle brings a series of health problems to people from all walks of life.
It is known to all that people's lifestyle is closely related to health.
A good way of life can not only bring us a strong body, but also make us maintain a good state of mind to enjoy life.
On the contrary, an unhealthy lifestyle may harm our physical and mental health.
Therefore, it is necessary for us to form a good living habit and keep it up.
First, we should develop good eating habits such as diner on time, don't eat junk food and so on.
Second, we must go to bed in strict accordance with work and rest time in order to keep a good mental state.
Moreover, we also need to take exercise every day.
In a word, we must always keep in mind the importance of lifestyle and make our best effort to form a good lifestyle and keep it up.
Only in this way can we have a healthy body.
I like the teacher that is teaching me because she is amusing and kind.At the same time,her lesson is so clearly and she likes telling many stories to us.So I think,a good teacher must be amusing and rich in knowledge or sometimes can be strict.And,the teacher mustn't good and successful if don't likes students.A good teacher shoule be patient because some students are not really smart,like me.So be a good teacher need more patient to teaches them.Everyone will be angry the teacher is no exception but a good teacher maybe not usually be angry,there are modest and open-minded.Finally,all students don't like test so a good teacher mustn't like to give students a lot of tests!
There is an issue that Chinese tourists are critisized by their rude behaviours.
The author above holds the view that the only effective way to solve the problem is to connect western visitors and chinese tourists more often ,so that they can understand each other better in culture.But I am not compeletly agree with that.In my opinion,that is the question of moral rather than culture.Here are some of my reasons.
It is true that there are differences between western and eastern culture.Both of them, however,are not approve of the rude behaviour in public.This is their common sense,and we just need not to build bridges of understanding between them.
In fact,it is ourselves who to blame for the situation.We do lack public sense,which makes us do whatever we want to do at randon when we are in public places.It is no use just to comminucate with western visitors as much as possible.We may know more about them and understand them,but still are not able to respect them.Because we do not learn to require ourselves strictly under various situations.In other words,it has been an accustom in our mind.We have to do more instead of konwing more.we must put the theory into practice.Only in this way can we learn to respect others including culture,and can we give up being rude gradually.
Last week, my family and I went to The Mount Yunmen.
This is a sunny day.
The Mount Yunmen is located in Qingzhou of Shandong Province.
It is very high.
The Mount Yunmen is 421 meters high.
The Mount Yunmen is famous for "Devise" word.
It is 7.5 meters high and 3.7 meters widely.
In The Mount Yunmen, I can smell the fresh air is very fresh.
There are many kinds of trees and many birds.
We had a picnic and took a lot of photos.
I felt this is a very nice trip.
The picture above tells us that an old woman sits before a mirror and says,it is quite lonely at home when kids don't company with me.
That is sad fact.Nowadays,with the enlargement of the gap between city and village,more and more young people go to the city to a find a good job,leaving the parents at home lonely.
To avoid the heartbreaking fact,The young have much responsibility.Parents are important to us as the root is important to a tree,who we should spend lots of time companying with.Money is not everything.After going through ups and downs in the society,you will find out that parents are who love you most.
We have lots of time to chat with friends on the internet.However,we even have no time to call our parents.So take your cellphone and call your parents.Put down your work and go home to visit your parents.They need your love.
Hello,every one!My name is X.I'm a 19 years old boy.I live in the beautiful city of C.I am an active,lovely and clever boy.In the school,my favourite subject is maths.Perhaps someone thinks it's difficult to study well.But I like it.I belive that if you try your best,everything can be done well.I also like sports very much.Such as,running,volleyball and so on.I'm kind-hearted.If you need help,please come to me.I hope we can be good friends!OK.This is me.A sunny boy.
On campus some students smoke and you can see them dragging away here and there like a chimney, and they never give a second though about that one day, smoking may kill themselves.
Some of them believe that smoking may get them refreshed and stimulated when they feel tired or bored, some of them just think smoking makes them more cool and fashionable.
As a matter of fact, smoking can cause many diseases, especically lung-related ones, since it mainly decreases lung functions.
Smoking makes everybody at risk, even for those sitting by.
The ends of cigarettes are so poisonous that a baby who swallows one may be killed by that.
Tobacco companies make a lot of money by selling millions of packages of cigarettes.
Many people depend on the huge benefit linkage of tobacco industry, such as farmers who plant the tobacco leaves, workers who manufacture the cigarettes and the local governement may rely on its production.
But from a long run, we can not deny a fact that tobacco may destroy a nation, getting people weakened and hooked by cigarettes.
As far as I am concerned, I think that tobacco industry should be gradually discouraged or even eventually banned because smoking can cause a lot of negative effects on people.
As is known to us, a good education can enrich a person and improve one`s ability.
Besides, if you get a good education, you will have a good opportunity to find jobs.
What`s more, a good education makes someone popular.
Many people want to get on with someone that has got the good education.
Certainly, a harmony society is based on a good education.
In a word, it`s important for our life to get a good education.
In my life, I always remember some people deeply, who giving me so much love and care.
They teach me many things , such as how to be a brave girl.
how to get along well with around people.
when I get into trouble, what I should do and so on.
However, my mother is my love best and she teaches me mostly.
My mother is a strong woman, and her favorites saying is self-respect.earning my own living and independent.
She reminds me of these all the time, because she wants me to be a brave people.
Looking back these years, she earned money for my brother's study and mine, and supported to our family .For the family, she gave up many things, her youth and happiness.
She already did manual works more than ten years .If I could use a kind of tea to describe her, the coffee is my best choose.
I would try my best to give my mother happiness, but I know only by studying hard can I do it .I believe I can do.
I think a good teacher always can help students to make progress.
In my opinion,a good teacher not only have rich in knowledge but also can explains the knowledge to their students.They don't have to be strict and unsmiling,but they must to be organised.They always like to give students a lot of tests,if student failed the tests,they should encourage them.They love to talk to students and cares about the students,Even though they have favourite syudents,they modest and open-minded to every students.They cares about the students and try to be one of us.
They tend to be angry when we make mistakes, but we also still like them.
I think they are kind and patient,and this is my favourtite teacher.
In our life and we would love a lot of people, our families, our friends, our lovers, or star, writer and strangers.Today I talk about my favorite people, he is my father.
Have been his sixtieth of his age more than his body as they used to tough, he can not be turned freely express.
Two years ago he was found with uremia.
Since then, most of his time is spent in the hospital, so far is also.
Each week he has to do dialysis twice.
So that he can sustain life, but dialysis is very hard to accept for him.
Every time I would accompany him to buy him some food and drink.
Lunar winter vacation, a few days I have a cold home infusion, and my father out of the hospital to go to the supermarket to buy a lot of food to send me home, he is an elderly legs very neatly, walk a few steps will breathe for a half day, so he also to adhere to the home to see me so I felt very bad.His body has a very strong force, and every time regardless of the upstairs or downstairs and he will not let me holding him, he would prefer railing their own walk slowly.So from my father, where I learned to be strong.People always have to learn to grow up, no matter what happens should look to the future.
I hope my father can overcome the disease, because I really need him.
How are you?I'm really glad that you are interested in traditional Chinese festivals.Andit is my pleasure to introduce some useful information connected with Spring Festival to you.
A series of colorful celebration activities are held for the brand new year on the first day of the first lunar month.But in order to lead a better beginning ,people usually clean up their houses and go shopping to get things all ready a long time before the festival begins.
On the New Year'eve,families get together to have a big dinner,no matter whether the meals are delicious or not,no matter how people have changed,the only things left in our memories are the shining lights,sincere blessing and deep warmth.Morever,during the festival,we go around to greet our families or our old friends,sometimes,the red pocket is really necessary.
Hello!Everyone.My name is T,I'm 18 years old,I'm from beautiful X.Glad to meet you!
I am optimistic,cheerful personality.
As a girl,I think l still have a little nervous,but I'm going to try to change,because only this,l may have a substantial and happy college life.
In the school,my favourite subject is maths.As a student,I study very hard.However,I believe that if you try your best,everything can be done well.
I also like sports very much.
For example,running badminton and so on.If you want help,please came to me.I'd like to be good friends with you.Welcome to call me 145245245254.
University ranking,in recent society,is very interesting among a great number of universities.For this phenomenon ,different people's opinion differ.
On the one hand,it is very useful to some people,especially the people in our country,that the high ranking stands for the high level of the universities.On the other hand,a lot of people believe that,to make more students to be much more useful than others to society is more important than have a high ranking.
In my opinion,a high ranking of a university stands for the stage among universities in our country.
A university have a high ranking ,a great number of great students will plunge to it,and it will be have more influence in our country.But,have a high quality of education,I think,is much more important than have a high ranking.That is because have a high level of education is the target to all universities.Only to know this can our universities to be better days after days.
I went to the Hong Kong last year.
It's a sudden trip.
Nevertheless I was enjoyed.
As everyone knows that Hong Kong is one of the biggest cities in the world.
It was also a beautiful city by the sea.
We went to the "Disneyland".
This name is from California firstly.
Everybody knows it was so fun and interesting.
"Future Land""Dreamming Land"and so on has been located there.
I also bought some souvenirs.
The most brilliant item is fireworks at night,so the scenery at night is the most wonderful.
We also went to some shopping centers there.
They were our mothers' "Shopping Paradise".
They bought lots and lots of free goods.
The children looked around, all saw things in a blur.
There were many places we couldn't attend.
But I also have many happy memories.
I think Hong Kong is a colorful world,which is well-known for the blue sky and golden beach.
Even though I was looking forward to swimming in the sea and eating some nice fruits.
But we had less time to use.
Hong Kong is a beautiful city in the daytime,but even more wonderful at night.It had some reproach.
But it was also beautiful.
Up to now,I am still much alive in Hong Kong 's memories.
I hope we could also go there next time.
But we also need look after the time.
In the author's opinion, it is the NAFTA and WTO that make U.S suffer from increasing trade deficits and job losses.
These free trade agreements encourage U.S companies move their factories abroad to take advantages of low costs and regular, which, however, let Americans have to rely on importing goods from other countries.
Now the trend is becoming out of control, more and more Americans lose their jobs and the nation has to face with soaring deficit.
The author think the U.S policy makers should step back for a strategy pause and change their trade policy.
A reservation is a recorded promise or guarantee of a table in a restaurant.For restaurant it helps make more profit while it is convient for customer to enjoy meal,spend less time.And there are some categories of reservation :spot reservation,communication reservation,instruction reservation,voluntary reservationand entrustment reservation.
The procedures of making reservation:name of the guest,arrival time,the number of the guests.
In my oppinion,all countries in the world,I love Switzerland most,It is my dreaming destination in Europe.Switreland is a developed country in the center of the Europe,whitch covers an area of 4.1million square kilomiters.And the population of Switzerland is 750million.And Switzerland has two important countries one is Berne,the capition of Switzerland and the other one is the most famous city ,Geneva.There are also many famous and beautiful European countries around Switzerland such as Austria,France,German and so on.
As we all know,Switaerland is a very beautiful country ,everywhere is covers with green trees and flowers,so Swizerland is known as"The gardon in the world".
And switzerland is also famousfor handicraft industry like watches,the Swiss Army Kife,food industry and also famous with chemistry and football,too.
Switzerland is a amazing country,that's why I love it .I want taver around there with my fruends one day.
Nowadays, the number of is greatly increasing in china .Many individuals have differeent opinons.
Quite a few characters take the attitude that we shouldn't take possesion of a mass of cars.On the one hand ,the reason is air polluted that there are a sea of cars, and causing our body is untheathy .On the other hand ,there are many traffic jams especially when people go to work and go home.And the oil is a lack in the world.On the contray,some of persons disagree that.they hold the view that that they should have personal cars .Firstly, it is convenient for people to go wherever they want to go.And then ,the more characters use private cars ,the more quickly the economic devolps.
From my own perspective, the private cars should not be encouraged in some degrees.The cars too many to cause many problems for example,car accident,lack of the oil ,air pollution and so on.
So the number of car should be suitable.
Thomas A. Edison said Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
To be frank, I do not think only the two elements are enough to be successful, because without perseverance, nothing can be achieved.
Upon careful study, I find that it is perseverance that I urgently need to be successful, for the reason that perseverance helps me keep three elements that leads to success, and they are goal, will, and enthusiasm.
With perseverance, I will always stick to my goal.
He who has a goal is always concentrating his forces .It is very common that people give up their goals quickly , or they just change their goals frequently, and the results of those people are quite clear: nothing has been achieved.
Only when I have perseverance can I surmount the difficulties rising on the road of achieving goal, and finally, I will defeat laziness and keep my goal unswervingly.
Under the guidance of the goal, I focus my energy to seek success.
With perseverance, I will have strong will.
By will, the hopes and the plans are prevented from evaporating into dreams.
Success is in a sense a battle.
The man who thinks to get on by mere smartness and by luck meets failure at last.
Will is the master impulse of the firmest souls and holds the key to success.
However, will is fragile without perseverance.
On the path of success, obstacles prevail , I need perseverance to accompany me to protect the strong will.
Only when I have perseverance can I have more courage and strength, and only when I have the courage and strength can I keep my strong will.
With perseverance, I will keep enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm keeps the interest up and makes the obstacles seem small.
Enthusiastic man never feels tired, they keep struggling not-stop.
To me, enthusiasm is of special significance.
I am an under graduate and surrounded by lots of tasks, such as learning, activity, job and other business.
All of these call for an enthusiastic man to do it well.
I find that enthusiasm helps me work energetically, and I never feel tired or bored.
I finish my task one by one, and make progress step by step.
In conclusion, the three elements are indispensable to success, but only the most persevering people can own and protect them.
Perseverance helps me stick to my goal, protect my will and keep my enthusiasm, and finally, it makes it possible for me to be successful.
No matter you are young or old, man or woman, American or Chinese, you will reach the destination of success if you have the spirit of perseverance.
Competition takes a great place in education.
The young are learning to compete for future.
However,experts' views upon this are opposed and students are confused .
As is known to all, fierce competition needs us to think critically.
It involves person from children to adults, no one stays in society can escape it.
When students play competiton, it is an encouragement to cultivate the spirit of cooperation and develop their potential to the full, it is the same with adults.
Every coin has two sides, if people can't get used to failing in competition for sometimes, the confidence of them may fade away, eventually they are likely to lose affection forever and become the potential threat to society.
In my point of view, the speed of life urges us to compete and during the process we will be exposed to new thoughts and arouse our thirst for knowledge.
So I fully support the idea that competitive desires should be encouraged.
I have a lot of things to do in my free time.Usually i take exercise after school.I like basketball and volleyball very much.Sports hlep me to keep heathy and study better.I often watch TV or do some reading in the evening.Sometime I listen to music for a while.I find it a good way to relax myself.Of course,I help my parents with the housework at the weekends.I clean the house,wash clothes and learn cooking.
Sometime I go to a field trip with my friends.We always have a good time.
This is My Free Time.
A lot of hamburgers and ice cream are unhealthy food.Noodles,meat,rice,vegetables and fruit are healthy food but too much meat is not good for children.Cola is a unhealthy drink.Water,milk,juice,tea are healthy drink.Is your food and drink healthy?
Nowadays, with the rapid development of the internet,people are becoming increasingly aware of the danger of using the internet.From my point of view,the internet will not isolate us from another.There are numerous reasons to support my ppoint of view,and I would explore only a few of the most important ones.
As we all know, the air pollution has become an universal environmental problem here and there.In my hometown ,the quality of the air is also not so good.Without a healthy environment, we can't live comfortably.
As far as I'm concerned, the action of human being is the main cause of the air pollution.On one hand, some people often throw litter about and spit in the public.On the other hand, the overuse of the disposable commodities also cause the "White Pollution".And the construction of more and more factories also lead to the problem of air pollution even water pollution.What's worse, some people often fire the woods in the air, which causes more carbon dioxide into the air.
Fortunately, some measures have been taken to improve the environment.
The government have banned the free use of plastic bags.And some people come to plant more trees in both sides of the road in order to absorb more carbon dioxide.Many media also repeatly emphasize the importance of environmental protection.
In my opinion, the government can publish more policies to encourage more people to plant more trees or take part in other activities that are good for our environment.As for us, we should raise our awareness of environmental protection and not use the disposable things as possible as we can!
Book and film is very popular at once.
It is a well known fact that most of the people prefer film which is interesting and the fastest way to understand a story .
But I don't consider film is the best way to understand a story in dept.
The original work has more details and sentences are very gracefully, you can imagine by yourself.
On the other word you can read it everywhere and every time you want,also you can read again once again if you not really understand the arctic then you will find you can lean many things after you read again.So I think reading is what I prefer.
Recently there has been an argument about the reuse of textbooks on the internet.In the beginning,I am of the opinion that the reuse of textbooks is necessary.As far as I can see there are two hundred and twenty million students in our country,and three billion textbooks will be used every year.So this means that our country will waste eleven million trees.How waste.
And then secondly,lt is said that the average lifespan of textbooks in our country is about half year,but the American's is the five years.In a word,this shows exactly that waste is serious in our country.If the lifespan of textbooks can extend by a year,we will save a lot of trees.
Finally,in my opinion,we must try our best to save the trees.For example,many students from the poor family can't afford the price of textbooks,why not send the unwanted textbooks to them?I think the reuse of textbooks is important,because it can train the student to the high sense of responsibility.
Housing problem comes hand in hand with population growth.
Some big cities in China are now encumbered with a rising population.
Naturally,one of the most serious problems incurred is that of housing.
Despite the mushrooming high building,the provision of living space still falls far short of demands.Since the world is advancing, people are no longer reconciled to living in shabby shelters.They look forward to decent dwelling places which can protect huan dignity.
Various solutions have been suggested.But there seems to be a drawback to each of the solutions.The traditional free allocation of dwellings to the needy brings great economic burden to the government, while paid allocation brings equal burden to the average people.
The moving of urban population to the suburbs may ease housing problem in inner city but brings about traffic problem.The best solution seems to be a combination of all suggeted solutions.We still have a long way to go.
As we know,cell phone is becoming more and more popular today,whether you are a student or a farmer,cell phone since the things are necessities of life.
In many people's opinions,cell phone is a great invention in the world,it can make it easier for people to communication.Besides,people can get more knowledge through cell phone.And we also can use it to make more friends,it's good for our life.
But we also can see that many other people don't think this is good news,because cell phone are so much harm for people.Such as cell phone always give off radiation,it's bad for people's health.And than,they think it'll cause people sap one's spirit by seeking pleasures and make people lazy.
My name is J, I am a student of The Attached High to N University in J.
When I joined a language learning summer camp for middle school students last year,I met you and we became friends.
The camp improved my English and made me active, so I enjoyed that experience in USA.
This year,my school will hold a camp like that,Now I will introduce something about it.
Visiting places of interest is one of characteristics,and you will taste many delicious Chinese food.Certainly,you can also experience life of Chinese families.
I plan to improve my English by joining it,Now I invite you to take part in it with me.
I look forward to hearing from you.
I am afraid to inform you that I have just lost a big sale of bed sheet.
We are prepared to give 50%discount for an offer to buy bed sheets.
Even if the price is favorable ,our client think our quotation is too high to be acceptable basing on being fierce in market.
In my opinion,we ought to boost publicity of our products facing intense competition.
In our life, we may through joy and pain.
We may learn a lot in life.
Life is the greatest teacher.
It teaches us how to be a man and how to learn.
Life is fair to everyone.
It will helps you, and also hurts you.
When I was a child, I learned to walk.
As you know, you have to learn to walk before you can run.
But we need to learn how to fall down before we can walk.
So, the falling down is the thing that the life teaches you.
You may be afraid of learning to walk.
Because you may feel pain and bad when you falling down.
But it's the only way which must be passed in your life.
So, the life helps you learn to walk, and the life also lets you fall down when you are learning.
We have learnt a lot of things from our life.
It is no doubt that life is the greatest teacher.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman, which with water sold out, and a woman takes a false 100-yuan note.
It is easy to know that everyone like notes, and wants to butcher, so the phenomenon often appears in life.
It shows that life fill with lie and honesty.
Every crossroad we must choose to go on the journey, so we may do something terrible just for money or ourselves.
In my opinion, this phenomenon needs to be understood but must be stopped, no matter what you play, you must insist your policy.
When you in trouble, you should remember you will have it if it belongs to you, no matter where you not kvetch for it if it doesn't appear in your life.
, remembering honesty is the best policy.
Now I'll introduce my dreaming destination-Russia.It's a developed country in Europe.
Russia situated in the centre of Europe and cover an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.It's the capital of Berne and has a population of 7500 thousand.Austria, France, Italy and German near it.
The scenery there is very beautiful and it has a great name "World Garden" and it has some well-developed industries,such as:watch chemistry and food.
Accoding to the picture ,we can see a man be chased by bombs .
The man is very scared because of the bombs , and he tries his best to avoid the bombs .
The bombs are the symbol of the Online Rumors.
It can make one's life be in vain.
If a person is spoken shortly of some behaviors or is spread that he does some bad things on the online.In fact, he doesn't do that,but everyone thinks he does.He feels embarrassed and frustrated.Especially ,he feels more sad when his relatives and friends consider that he does that.The Online Rumors do harm to people's physicality and mentality.To be worse, it maybe make someone commit suicide.
In my opinion, we should take some measures to get rid of the Online Rumors.
For ourselves , we should brave fighting against the Online Rumors and protect our own privilege.
As others, we shouldn't believe the Online Rumors and especially we can't spread it.
For government , they should protect people's privilege by low.
I watched this movie when I was adolescent.This movie is impressive.So I do not forget it.Now I watched it again.Forrest is a little boy with braces on his leg.In many people's eyes,Forrest looks silly.Why?Because Forrest has a lower IQ than other persons'.So he is different in the level of IQ.Even though he could believe his mother's words he is normal.I have never seen his inferiority.His face was always full of optimism.
Forrest's mother is a great woman who alone brought up her silly son.I think it is difficult.Even so she is strong, without any complains.As well as she is so smart that she decided to let their rooms out to get money.Aithough her son is different from other persons, she also wanted her son to have the finest education.So she took her son to the Greenbow county central school.He met the principle and all.Unfortunately his IQ score is just 75.It is low in the normal level of IQ.Though his mother who is still optimistic.This is a good quality to study when I am in trouble.
Last but not least,I have learned from this movie that a person needs to be optimistic in the face of difficulties in life.
It is said that,there are some collegues prohibit vihicals to be used in campus.And it causes a discussion of weather cars should get the assess of driving into school.
Surppoters insist that campus is the place for learning and do researches.Driving in school will put students in danger.Moreover,driving in school will also lead students to chase fame by comparing whose car is more expansive.
Nevertheless,the opponents think,using vehical in school can make students life more convenion,which can reduce the rate of being late.
No matter what,I approve those who recomment to forbid using behicals in campus.Driving in school is not only very dangerous, but also a bad behaviou.
If students do not want to be late,they should just get uo earlier and move more quick instead of using some tools like car.
With the development of our society,more and more modern buildings have risen.
However, do you noticed the change that the picturesque sights turned into the wasteland?The reason is blinding obvious,and one of them is using the plastic bags.
Many people regards plastic bags as something good , not only because its convinience but also it's free.As a user of plastic bags ,however ,I don't think it's a good idea to use plastic bags for some reasons below.
First,it causes what is called white pollution.It do harm to soil ,then food ,then animals,then our humans.Second,such a big population will use up the resources if everyone use it.As for cloth bags ,people dislike it for two main reasons, first it is out of fashion in people's mind ,and next is 's more expensive compared with the plastic bags.
Recently, sport tends to play such an important role that it undeniably becomes an indispensable part of the present college students.
In this essay, I'd like to talk about the importance of participating in a particular sport.
Firstly, doing some sports is beneficial to our health.
It has been reported that the physical condition of young people in China, is not as good as it is supposed to be.
The main reason is that many people ignore the importance of physical exercise.
Exercise regularly helps with the digestion and absorption of food, and keeps us in good shapes.
Secondly, sport with others can help create a harmonious communication environment.
Being able to have a pleasant conversation is vital.
As for me, I prefer to play badminton with my friends in a club once a week because it can help us relax a little, even be a stimulus to continue our work.
Last but not least, I hold firmly that sports can forge our characters.
For instance, long-distance running can cultivate one's endurance.
During our long life, hardship is something cannot be avoided, which sharpens us like a knife.
The more hardship we encounter, the more hardship we will be prepared to endure.
In conclusion, participation in a sport club teaches us valuable lessons--not only keep us fit, but also lead us to live a successful life.
I strongly suggest that young people take the time to do various kinds of physical activities throughout the day.
I think the college life is colourful.
I konw new teachers and new classmates .I can have a lot of new friends.
I achieve more wide knowledge.
I gain experience and self-confident.
I can be better to a friendship.
I can learn share my happiness and pain with my roommates.
I want to learn more knowledge.
I can learn to go to the library.
I is away from my family for the first time.
It is important that we exercise our independence.
I have more free time in college.
So Ican do some part-time jobs to exercise mysely.
College is a small society It is an important stage in my life.
In short, We can learn a lot from college.
So we need share well in our college.
With the development of information technology.Now, more and more people rely on Internet.and interent effect on people everyday life.
Have many people think internet is a two-edged sword.Internet is that you can do anything that you want on Internet when in was connect to independent world such as download online games,TV program and movie ,picturect,talk about QQ.
Internet can make more and more friends.
Howevery, If you spend too much time on Interent, you will become lazy and can't put your heart on study.
I think Internet can bring us both advantage and disadvantage.
throughout history our society has went through a lot of revolutions.
Like the Solon's revolution and the Mohammed revolution.
We use name to name these revolutions because they are all started by one person, and this person must hold an idea which was different from the majority.
Therefore it's reasonable to question the notion that people's decisions are always decided by majority.
As the examples of Giordano Bruno protecting the and heliocentric theory and Warren Buffett managing the Burkshire company, minority can assert their mind and influence majority.
When Copernicus had just disclosed his finding of heliocentric theory, his paper was defined as banned book.
But Giordano Bruno who was a priest at that time was fascinated by this theory and decided to question the Ptolomy's theory and advocate the heliocentric theory.
This action displeased the Vatican and he was arrested at 1592.
He was tortured for nearly 8 years and even this couldn't change his mind and finally he was burned alive.
Surely his notion was proven 400 years later and he has finally rectified the majority's error.
Another person who has influenced the majority is Warren Buffett.
In 1968 Buffett took control of Burkshire company and started investment in the name of this company.
At the beginning of that year he signed an agreement with his shareholders which stipulated that shareholders can't ask the use of their capital or disinvest their capital until the end of the year.
As a result, Burkshire's total assets has risen above 20% and Buffett use this agreement to isolate himself from the majority and get rid of the pressure.
This is a perfect example of the minority overcoming the majority.
Clearly, the power of majority is not unconquerable.
The truth is always in the hand of a small minority and surely people who is able to discover those truth are always able to protect it and will never change their mind.
Last semester, I was lucky to have an opportunity to take part in our school's English speech contest and won it.
Today, I am taking part in an English talent show called "Star of Outlook", which is sponsored by our national TV.
Therefore, some people advised me that let me write something about how to make a good English Speech.
I would like to do it and share my own experience with you.
In my point of view, for success in English speech, you should do well in three aspects, preparing a good speech, delivering your speech effectively and keeping a good mentality.
In China, some people would think that the judges only listen to how the contestants speak rather than what the contestants say.
I take a totally opposite side, while in my eyes the soul for a speech is that the content and critical thinking.
Firstly, when you get a topic, you should focus on one point that is not very big and make sure you can develop it deeply.
You'd better choose the topic that the most people are familiar with it.
Secondly, integrate your own emotion with it and use your own experience to support your speech.
That is an effective way to make a deep impression on the judges and move the audiences.
Thirdly, you should broad your horizons and put critical and creative thinking into your speech.
Don't always talk about your college and family life.
Put yourself under the whole world and care about the whole society, which can make your speech advance to a higher level.
Next, deliver your speech effectively.
The pronunciation and intonation should come first, which should be fluent, natural and acceptable.
Secondly, know how to emphasize the points.
You can use some skills such as altering the pitch of your voice, pausing after an important point, speaking a sentence very deliberately, and so on.
Thirdly, use your facial expression and body language coordinating your speech to lighten the atmosphere, cover your nervousness and communicate with your audience effectively.
Last but not the least, keep a good mentality.
Firstly, you should hold a kind of right attitude toward the contest.
You should focus on the process rather than the result.
The award is just a glory, it would not make any sense in a long run, and the only thing you should try your best to enjoy every minute when you are standing on the stage and show your true color.
If the result is good, it is wonderful; if it is bad, it is an experience anyway.
Secondly, fully preparing is the key point to keep a good mentality.
If you have a well-thought-out plan, you will be very confident, and also there will be no regret for you.
To some degree, your nervousness might be driven away .
Thirdly, you can do some self-comfort, for example, take a deep breath and speak to yourself like don't worry, you are the best; calm down; just be yourself is excellent.
To be a good English speech contestant is not an immediate thing.
It cannot happen overnight but snowball from daily more.
You need to read, think and practice more.
At last you can find an unconsciousness self-consciousness feeling, which is a natural way to deliver a speech.
Academic plagiarizing is becoming more and more common around us.
The phenomenon is always popular between he high educated people.
They are easier to copy others' ideas.
What's more, ourselves or teachers are also like that.
Many dangers may exist in academic plagiarizing.
First, people will be lack of creative.They fellow other people's idea, but they do not creat something new.
Second, the behavior is contrary to the law.
It is not fair to the original author.
Last, it is unethical.
I contend that we need to amend the legal system to restract the academic alagiarizing, and the social morality should be raised by all of us.
I am an undergraduate student with academic excellence, majoring in translation and interpretation.
I am equipped with editing skills and experience as an intern in Bookman Books Ltd., and am looking to secure a translating and editing position or similar to utilize my language skills and also to develop these skills further in a practical environment.
During my undergraduate study, I was placed on the dean's list over the whole course, which shows my passion for the subject of translation, as well as my high level of commitment, constituting promising qualities that are sure to pass on from my study to my career.
I own two Youtube channels that provide Chinese translation subtitled music videos of Korean pop music, with over 38,000,000 views and nearly 30,000 subscribers illustrating my hard work and passion for translation.
From this story you can see, I am an extremely self-motivated person and am willing to accept different opinions and criticisms, qualities that are critical for any translators or editors in this ever-changing society.
Apart from the adequately developed translation and interpretation skills to which I have devoted my whole undergraduate study, I have also gained publishing and bilingual editing experience: including proposing a new magazine, all the way from drafting its proposal to printing it.
As the study of translation is multidisciplinary, meaning there are different facets of translation, for example media translation, law translation, financial translation etc, I am also knowledgeable on a wide array of subjects ,as opposed to only focusing on one subject like other degree studies.
As for my placement with Bookman Books Ltd, I worked as a sub-editor trainee, whose duties included screening manuscripts, proofreading and editing of English learning and teaching materials, and translating for publishing.
I have developed an understanding of the editing and publishing industry, good problem-solving abilities and good communication skills that are indispensable to my future career.
As a young and enthusiastic undergraduate who has a passion for the translating and editing field, I wish to apply my skills and experience to a fruitful future career, not only beneficial to myself, but also to the company and the industry.
I have a dream that one day I will be working as part of the translating and editing industry and as a member of your team.
Intern at Bookman Books Ltd.
Nowadays, more and more people paid more attention to traffic accident, because more and more people died from traffic accident.
Some people may ask "why ".
There are some reasons.
I think it's errors of human judgement, such as excessive speed, drunken driving and so on.
All of the errors of human judgement are entirely avoidable.
Another important reason is mechanical failures which also can lead to many tragedies, especially those related to faulty brakes and bald tyres.
Finally, this needless slaughter on streets and highways can be attributed to environmental conditions such as blind corners, narrow streets, heavy fog, intermittent rain or snow.
These also can result in some traffic accidents.
In a word, there are various reasons about traffic accident, but we should also be alert for it.
A photo shared by a netizen caused remarks.
From photo, an old lady was standing in front of cars on the bicycle lane.
Some people give apppreciatements to the old woman, but some people did not think so.
traffic jams .
What causes traffic jams?I think it should have two reasons.
enough money to buy own car.
the law and propagate the importants of observing the laws .
behavious, we should pay attention to our behavious .
solved.
As we all know, China is famous for its delicious food.
While foreigners visiting China, they will have a feast for mouths.
However, as a Chinese, I am just able to finish few simple food.
And making egg noddles is my best.
First we should be prepared for the ingridents including water, flour, tomato,egg and so on.
Second cut tomato into pieces, not too large nor small.We needn't care about what shape we cut.
Next is to scrambled the eggs and tomato.
We just put into the same amount of salt and oil.It is not necessary to scrambled too long.
Two or three minutes is enough.
Then we should deal with the flour.
There are two ways you can choose.
If you the easy way, you can buy the noddles from the market directly.
The other way is making the noddles by yourself.
Mixing up the water and flour together.
After a few minutes, then take it out from the pan.
I think the most difficult is to make it into a round, thin and large piece.
We should complete this with a stick.
After that, cut into pieces.
Finally, we should put these into the boiling water for five minutes.
That's all.
Every time I eat the noddles making by myself, I feel great.
I believe you are either.
With the remarkable improvement of people's living standard,more and more people are focusing on a kind of healthy and environmentally friendly lifestyle.
Recently, Low-carbon Lifestyle has aroused wide public concern.
It's undeniable that this kind of lifestyle has more and more followers.
Low-carbon life is the lifestyle of the time to minimize energy consumption, thereby reducing carbon dioxide emissions for the public, it is an attitude to life.
As a university student, learning Low-carbon lifestyle from various angels is the first step that I should take.
Then, paying attention to the details during the daily life.
For instance, not only can I reuse Tao-mi water to water the plants or clean the bathroom but using e-mails instead of paper.
In addition to set an example, to emphasis promotion strength is also important.I'd like to appeal more people to realize and join me.
Low-carbon life needs us to pay attention to energy -saving as well as resource saving.
Only to start from scratch can we lead low-carbon lives.
My name is X and my English name is Matthel.I am a 19-year-old girl.I come from Y, Z.Although I am short and fat,I am still very confident.I love listening to music,singing and playing badminton.
I love traveling,so I want to do tourism professional.I hope to learn more knowledge,improve my abilities,lay the foundation for the future and achieve their ideal.
Hello,Miss X.My name is Y.I am from Z, Q.I am one of people from Business English 2.I am an outgoing girl.I like making friends.I also like watching the performance of Korean,for example Running Man.I love it very much.If you ask me what is my favourite sports.I will tell you it is walking around.
In the future I want to become a translater.That is my dream job.I will study hard in the college.I hope that my parents are pride in me.
That is all.Thank you.
In order to improve our test scores,we decide to discuss cooperative learning good?Some people think that independent learning is better than group cooperative learning.They believe that learning by themselves can improve their academic performance.
But others disagree.
They think the team cooperation can better learn.If everyone can learn together,they can learn more from each other.
In my opinion.I think group cooperative learning can improve students' communication ability and cultivate their friendship.So that we can better to find the answer to the question.
We only through the team cooperation to find our own shortcomings.So I think learning more conducive to our learning group.
When it comes to excessive packaging,it is no longer a new topic for us.More and more products become more expensive than before.The one of the course of the prices rise is the excessive packaging.The follows are the reasons of the excessive packaging.
Nowadays,more and more people like to send gifts to their parents,friends and boss.A special packaging makes the receivers happy.So the customers want to buy a gift special than others and the producers pay more attention to the packaging of products.
From what have been stated above,we can naturally come to the conclusion that people make the excessive packaging and the rising prices.So in my opinion,people can find other things instead of the excessive packaging.And the government can use some laws to stop producers from producing the products with excessive package.
I am glad to hear that you are interested in traditional the Chinese festival.
There are many traditional festivals in China,such as the Spring Festival,Dragon Boat Featival,the Lentern Festival and so on.
Nonetheless my favorite is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
The Mid-Autumn festival is a popular and important lunar harvest festival celebrated by Chinese people.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is for the most part in September or early October.
Thera is many traditional in this holiday.
