I like it so much that I even bought rackets for it.
The reason why I like it because it brings me enjoyable and the best time with my classmates.
Last week I played the badminton with my best friend X, we played against a coach, and had fun there.
Playing the badminton is really a great sport.
The death penalty has been one of the most controversial debates throughout history.
More and more development country have been abolished the death penalty.
Because they think that everybody all has their rights, and death penalty is an inhumane act .But as far as I am concerned , in china ,death penalty should not be canceled .
Although the modern social law already get rapid progress , but all kinds of new crime continue emerge in endlessly , some to human society cause serious damage .Many people may consider that death penalty is a violent and brutal act, and it is against human moral principles and does little good for the country .But death penalty should not be abolished in my minds ,because death penalty can reduce crime, creating a harmonious environment .Beside ,the idea that a murder must pay with his life has been deeply rooted and firmly planted in the minds of Chinese ,it is nature's law and earth's way .So if our country abolishes the death penalty ,most people will not agree .Because in our country ,the capital punishment only applied to those people who commit the most heinous crimes ,that's what they deserved .
Finally ,I think that death penalty should not be abolished in china .Because in china ,there is a saying that :an eye for an eye .Our country's legal system fit that saying well ,if the person who has killed many people can still be alive ,our society will in a mass .
The dream house is the organication which is made up of community volunteers.
It serves the Pupils whose parents are so busy that they could not take care of them.
First, we can provide the delicious meal.
Second, we can help them with difficult homework.
The last, we usually make some useful activities.How lively and attractive our community is.Welcome to join us.
With the rapid development of the society,here comes a discussion among my classmates whether listening exam in gaokao should be canceled.
Opinions are divided.Some students become strongly against canceling listening exam,because as one out of four basic language skills,listening couldn't be ignored.Besides,listening is one of the most important ways to gather information.What's more,with more international cooperation organized,the ability to listen and speak should be developed.
However,the others think it necessary to do so.They find it unfair with the impact varying from a place to another during the exam.
In addition,there is a big difference of English teacher as well as the equipment between city and countryside.Anyway,not all the people have a chance to communicate with the foreigners.
College is a new study , It is a have very good .
Have a lot of books .
Have a lot of times .
to coiiege is a good day .
I want to play and every time .
I'm afraid that I am not able to do well in my study .
I want to play and friends .
a lot of friends .
I help to have a good everyday .
I want to have good night .
I help to have a good school.
I can live to it .
I have to good study in school .
I want to good in school .
Everyone says"School is just like our home.
'I think so.
I love my school.Include the gate,the playground,the teaching building.
But my favourite place at school is our classroom.
Our classroom is tidy,clean and bright,because we tidy up it every day.
Made it just like our home.
It witness my growth,and I also left a happy time.
I always reading there,because it is quiet.
It not only made me undisturbed,but also relax myself there.
Our classroom is the most beautiful place in my eyes.
Famous people always be stared by common people.And their activities are always reported by medias.So they must be cared about their own activities and speaches.
Some teenagers always only look at famous people who are honest.But they didn't see that famous people shoulder more responsibilities.For example,if a star say something wrong,the internet,the newspaper,the book,the TV and many other media will report and these star's reputation would be broken.
So my idea is that there is not a really easy job for people.Every thing is hard to do.
After reading one chapter of The Art of Creative Thinking ---Sharpen your analytical skills, I have learnt a lot.
Albert Einstein once said,one should never impose one's views on a problem;one should rather study it ,and in time a solution will reveal itself.Yes,I agree with what he said.We should learn how to analyze a problem ,how to sharpen our analytical skills and how to solve the problem quickly.The author suggest us that not to focus too strongly on any aspect of the problem,we should learn to think generally about it.If we focus too strongly on any aspect,we won't think about the solution at every point.
As the old saying goes,there are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.We should think of the problem in a variety of aspects.Only sharpen our analytical skills can we become a creative thinker quickly and strongly.Hey, my little friends,let's be a creative thinker!
At present, online shopping is getting more and more popular.
As to this issue, different people have different views on it.
A majority of people think that online shopping is good.
In their views, there are 5 factors accounting for their attitude.
First of all, it is considered to be the most fashionable way of purchasing goods.
They can save a lot of time to buy whatever they need and they can buy it at a lower price.
Second, they cannot worry about the traffic when they buy anythings.
Third, they can select a lot of beautiful goods in online shopping.
What's more, online shopping has become a very important part in their daily life and it is very convenient.
But others think quite differently.
However, there are some disadvantages.
For one thing, online shopping is not safe enough, they cannot see or touch the product by themselves.
Sometimes they even get cheated.
For another, something is cheap, but it is not good and so on.
As far as I am concerned, I prefer online shopping, because it can support me to save a lot of time and money to purchase whatever I love.
I am sure that online shopping will bring more and more benefits to our daily life in the future.
In today's society,different undergraduates have different preference.
For example the presented in teaching and discussion-based teaching for students have their own love.
The cause of this phenomenon because more and more students think traditional lecture is a little rigid,in the present we know a lot abroad studying so students prefer discussion-based teaching ,they think it is useful for us to open up thinking.
Everyone can join in the teaching.Teacher and students study each other I think it can make everyone pay attention to class,it can also help us improve our grades.
The last but not least,in my opinion,active study maybe for us more useful, everybody can declare oneself opinion, in this way I believe more and more students will join in and will boost efficiency in studying.So I think discussion study maybe more suit for contemporary society undergraduates.
There have many kinds of love in our world.For example,family love,friendship,romantic love and so on.Love makes all hard hearts gentle.
I think I am a happiness girl,because I have a very warm family and many good friends.They are important person for me in my life.When I was grouping up,my parents played very important roles.When I was young,just a little girl,my parants protected me and tought me many things.Now,I was a mature girl,I will use my ability to pretect them and take care of them.
I am a outgoing girl,so,I have many good friends,included new friends and old friends.I have been acquainted with my old friends many years.We always meet when I was on leave.When I have difficult things,they would help me and in favor of me.
So, our friendship is the valuable feeling.
Love makes the world go round.
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness of existance.
I want to be a teacher.
Now countless teacher hold teacher only a career, for taking a salary and betray mental and physical labor.
But I want to say, you too not responsible for.
Because he was not only a teacher career, he still kind of responsibility.
You for your students life has responsibility, you to you the whole family has the responsibility to students, you have a responsibility to the Chinese society, said a little bit far can pull to human development.
But it is true, the teacher is a human in cognitive first enlightenment.. As a teacher if you can do after retirement, the students all criminals look back, that's up to the whole society DuoDa role.
The same social office can save much the police and the army, so the teacher is the most noble professional society at the same time he also will be the most unpleasant career.
I want to join you, I want to be me want to be a teacher.
I would like to check details with you for the event next week.I have booked a deluxe single for two nights and take care of everything as possible as you can.Finally, a participant will be late in the event because of his illness.Wish everything goes well.
It is known to us that college is colorful life that happens different stories and meets different people.
Tough I have lost of classmates.
However,Dahui is a classmate of mine who has influenced me in college.
Dahui not only is my bes classmate,but also is my boyfriend.
In life,he accompanied me every time that we all together faced various problems.
In study,he has a gift for the lecture,such as English and history item.
But I have a tolerant of chemist.
So we help each other to become well.
That only two small aspects, with the Dahui companion, I didn't feel lonely in college because I am not a singer.
I come from Fujian.
But I arrived Shangdong to start my university life.
At the first time, I feel very lonely and upset.
With the development of science and technology,high-educated person are more and more popular from place to place.
As we can see from the chart,in general,the unemployment rate in 2011 is decreasing progressively with the academic diplomas.On the contrary,the higher education you receive,the more you can earn.The average unemployment rate is only 7.6%,but people who receive education less than a high school diploma are less likely to be hired.And the money they can earn are far less than the average standard.
As a consequence,there is no denying that high education can lead to a brightened future.That 'No pains,no gains' is the best answer of this situation.We can do nothing to change it but study hard.Pushing ourselves to be the best is an impossible standard.But we can push ourselves,every day,to be better than the day before,namely,we choose our own way,including our education.And finally,we can gain sweet fruit.
A person's wedding is very important thing in his whole life.
Most of the young people are in favor of western-style wedding, romantic and sacred.
Let's take a look about western-style wedding.
The usual place for a wedding is in church, the bride usually wears a beautiful, long white wedding dress, the bridegroom wears a formal suit or tuxedo.
As the ceremony begins, the groom and his groomsmen stand with the minister, then the young couple repeat their vows, and exchange their ring, and the bridegroom can kiss the bride.
In their wedding party, the bride throws her bouquet of flowers to a group of single girls.
After the party, They will start to prepare their honeymoon.
In Tursday, we play the game.
This game is very interesting.
Everyone's closed the eyes to part of the draw up a pig on the blackboard.
We are very happy to play the game.
So, the classroom is filled with laughter.
However, at the end of, I discovered the importance of teamwork.
To draw up a pig, teamwork is importance and good teamwork can meet with success.
But, at that time we didn't to realize teamwork is importance.
I felt pity,because when the game over, I found that cooperation is importance.
Although we lost, I understand a lot of truth.
Winning is not the only objective, important is what we have learned.
In my opinion, this is a valuable lesson.
This class let me learn a lot of things.It is a beautiful day.
Nowadays, air pollution becomes more and more serious, for instance, smog, acid rain and so on.
So many people pay attention to the air pollution and there are many suggestions to deal with air pollution.
As far as I'm concerned, using solar energy is a good way to deal with air pollution.
There are two advantages to use solar energy.
On the one hand, solar energy is a kind of non-pollution energy.
Petroleum combustion can produce a lot of air pollution, but solar energy combustion can reduce much air pollution.
For this reason, we should encourage solar energy to apply to our lives.
On the other hand, solar energy is inexhaustible.
Now petroleum reserves become less, but more and more machines are invented, which comsumes more energy.
This station causes more air pollution.
So we must find clear and new energy.
Therefore, solar energy originates in sunshine and we can make good use of it.
Using more solar energy and then using less petroleum, at last we can reduce air pollution.
All in all, using solar energy not only reduce petroleum combustion, but also solve our energy problem.
who is extremely determined never listen to the opinions of others.
Poverty is more extensive and more severe in nonmetropolitan areas than in metropolitan areas.
Here we maintain that the extensive industrial and economic transformations occurring in rural areas have resulted in patterns contributing to these high poverty levels.
These transformations, which include an increase in service-sector employment, in many ways mirror the economic changes that have occurred in the inner city.
We maintain that Wilson's model of the inner-city underclass can be useful in understanding some poverty trends in nonmetropolitan areas.
To test the Wilson model, we analyze 1990 census data.
The data generally support the model and indicate that the industrial transformation of rural areas leads to changes in the gender structure of the labor force, and to a more unbalanced sex ratio.
These changes, in turn, result in adjustments to family structure, including an increase in the percentage of female-headed households.
This process results in higher poverty levels.
As a result, the government should take actions to help citizens and farmers, and individuals should improve themselves in studying professional knowledge and make themselves competitive.
The childhood is just like an interesting book,which records hundreds of fun.Although our childhood is being far away from us with the lapse of time,many fascinating or stupid things are still in the deepest of our memory.Here I want to share a funny thing with you--my first time of lying.
I was six years old then,always being praised for quietness and obedience.One day,at the end of class,Mrs Li required to bring 100 yuan to school next morning.After having supper,I told my mum the requirement of Mrs.Li.Then,mum took out a piece of paper money,and said to me gently"In case you would lose money,mummy give you one piece of paper money which values 100 yuan.I will put it into your minor bag,and take care of it,my baby".
The next morning,we were told Mrs Li couldn't come to school because of illness,and we had to hand in the money next time when she came.The school was over early that day,I hung about in the street.Suddenly,I stopped at the sight of a beautiful store,and was so surprised to discover that there were so many appealing and glittering decorations in the glass counter.
"It's suit to you",the salesgirl said to me when I was staring at a hair clip.Finally,I bought the hair clip with the money mum had given me.I was so nervous and afraid that I would certainly be condemned or beat by mum,in that I spent the money without her permission.
My heart beat strongly"I have to talk lie to my mum,she must believe in me,because I haven't lie to her before,"Then I hidden my new hairpin into the pocket and put the ninty-six yuan into my bag where my mum had put it yesterday.While back into the house.
"Mum,our teacher was absent from school,so I didn't take out the money you had given me.
"I tired to resist the intense.With the trembling hands,I brought my bag in front of her to show her money.
"Ah,there is just left ninty-six yuan,it's impossible,mum.Did I lose four yuan on my way home?
"I murmured innocently.My mother's expression was complicated when she saw those pieces of paper money.
"Mum was a little angry.
"No".After a while,she screaming loudly,"My stupid girl,can you tell me the truth?What did you buy with the four yuan?
"I answered timidly.
"As soon as I saw the ninty-six yuan,I know you are lying.
"My tears began to flow when I said sorry to mum.
"I'll never lie to you,it's the first time and also the last time I lie to you.
"I said.
I cannot help laughing everytime when I think of this stupid lie.Have you figured out why it's a stupid lie?
increasingly fierce, become more and more difficult to find work.
acquire more knowledge, achieve a higher degree, so that we can get better jobs.
the interview.
than a job.
should not only pay attention to one aspect.
round development, to build itself into a comprehensive development of talents.
the thousands on thousands of people of talent showing itself, in order to find satisfying jobs.
People are noticing that a phenomenon has shown up in their children's class, which is that some students believe they can argue with their teachers for getting better education quality.
And I support this idea.
Everyone have the rights to defend their own idea and express themselves.
Voltaire once said, I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it.
True gold will pass the test of fire and true knowledge will reborn after the argument.
Some people may disapprove that view because they say the teacher should deserve some respect.
But a teacher's credit comes from the essential knowledge they give to the students, not from some old rules says teachers are respective just because they have higher status than students.
Furthermore, argument that's concerned about some academic problem shows the students really care what they learn.
It's a sign of students show interests and curious about the subjects.
We can draw the conclusion that the school should support the behavior instead of killing the student's interests.
In the picture, we can see some buildings coughing because of air pollution.
Although it is a cartoon picture, it shows how serious air pollution is.
Nowadays, there are many diseases caused by air pollution, such as pneumonia and bronchitis.
As soon as we live in this city with air pullution, it will seriously hurt our health if we don't put it in our heart.
What's more, it will impact the line of sight, make the sky gray and the mood down.
We should do something to improve air quality.
For example, we can go away by bus bike or on foot instead of diving.
And then, we should reduce using electricity and water.
What's more, we can plant more trees to clean our city.
I believe we can solve the air pollution as long as we work hard together.
Recently the rise in problem of spelling has more trouble.
more and more students don't pay attention to the spilling.I think if the spread will lead to serious problem.
What's the reason of the problem?There are several reason for this.
First:english have abundant words,someone have many means.Stundant can't remember all meaning.It's too much words that we need study.students spond much time on remember meaning of words.so ,students don't pay attention to spilling .
In my view ,for study english , not only we can speak but also can spill.I think this is a misunderstanding for the english learning, the word seems like the skeleton of english, it is very important to grasp them, which will also help us to grasp the relation between pronunciation and spelling.
I was invited to come to Beijing from Canada to take part in an activity in the Spring Festival.
At the begining of our trip,we felt alone and worried,but fortunately we met lots of warm-harted Chinese people.Now we enjoyed ourselves here.We study and communicate with each other,we take part in physical activities as well.We wereinvited to visit to visit different places of famous in Beijing.I was so lucky that we watched Peking Opera and tasted traditional food.I learned a lot about Chinese history by doing these.
What is more,the local people also invited me to celebrate the Spring Festival which is supposed to be the most important festival in China.In addition, I ate dumplings.I really enjoy this kind of food and I really enjoy the life here.I hope coming to China again.
Above all,saving money can shape you into a frugal person.When you develop the habit of saving money,you are likely to bear it in mind that you should spend less.You will not buy unnecessary luxury.In this way will you become economical.Secondly,this habit can help you make a preparation for the rainy day.
None is omnipotent ,None can ensure you of security and health when we sail through the unpredictable waters of our future life.You can form no conjecture of your future life.However,saving money instead of spending tomorrow's money can relieve yourself when we encounter difficulties.Thirdly,money that are saved can be used to give our parents to show our reverence and filial piety.They will be delight to see that even though the money is only a little.Finally,you can save money can donate it to the Hope Project or other charitable organization.Then our country will be more prosperous with your help.The children will be exceedingly thank-full.
Saving money can be beneficial both to ourselves and others.Do not hesitate to develop this habit.
I feel greatly honored to deliver a brief speech.Today my topic is about whether we should compare unrealistically with others in material.
Recently,the news has been heatedly discussed that a university student forced her mother to purchase a trio of Apple products,which even made the poor lady weep in despair.
According to my analysis,there are two main factors.One is the family surrounding and the other could be the mind of comparing with others.In my opinion,the girl must be sort of spoiled and can't bear being inferior in any aspect.
Of course mot.Never can we be so selfish.Never can we compare the higher in such an aspect.Our attention should be paid to the positive competitions in academic performance,career prospect and beyond.
I'm afraid the clock is against.It's fortunate to come across sucn an attentive audience.Thank you!
When I was a child,I dreamt of going into a university.However,when the dream come true,I find that the campus isn't as wonderful as what I thought.So many problems make me helpless.
The most terrible problem is that I become addicted in computer games.In the past,we were forced to study all day.We took no spare time to play computer games.Beacuse of the traditional education system,we formed the inert.So when I came into the campus,a different study mode,I lost myself.I don't know how to apply my spare time.I have no interest in studying after-class.So I am addicted in the Internet ,the virtual life.Sometimes I am even absent from the class and surf the Internet.
I wasted so much time on the internet.I feel so embarrassed about this,so I need to find a solution to solve this problem.I pay more attention to study and participate in the community.when my life become busy,no time will be spent on the computer.
As the saying goes,the early bird catches the worm.
Diligent is a remarkably crucial factor in success.
When I was in primary school, I had no concept of English,in that I transferred from other city to shanghai.
My English is the worst in my class.I was determined to spend more time than others to learn English.After continuous efforts, my English was greatly improved.I was selected by the teacher as the representative of the English Division.When I graduated from primary school, my English has become the first of my class.
Adison said that success is one percent genius and 99 per cent of the hard work.
In our life,some people think that Reading should have select.
They think that read the book should have importance for us Because it have some helpin our life.But many people think we should read a lot of books.Because it can rich our life.
In my opinion,i think reading selectively or extensively has their advantages.I think reading selective can heip us do angthing better,it can make us have aim.Reading extensively can rich our extracurricular knowledge.They are both have use in our life.I think that we should read many book in our life.
Great changes have taken place over the thirty years in our nation.
,which provides a new and good chance for all the students who feel like pursuing their studies in college.
However, intake expansion in universities unavoidably has some bad influences.
Nowadays, a lot of universities in cities actively expand their school scale for a variety of purposes ignoring the consequences that are related to the school and students, even the society.
As a result, our cities face a number of serious problems, causing overcrowding.
There is no denying that intake expansion in universities benefits a lot, some schools focus on recruiting more new students to collect more money instead of developing their skills and improving their quality.Lacking good teaching facilities and accommodation capacities, there are few opportunities for students who pour into cities to gain more knowledge and broaden their horizon.
Owing to the reasons, it's common to see a phenomenon that the quality of the numerous college students has declined, which is a waste of resources and the backward of the human civilization.
What's more, too many students easily admitted into a university to find a satisfying job in cities when they graduate because the pressure of the competition is very fierce among all the graduates while the job demands are limited.
For this reason, we must look for some solutions to deal with these problems.To begin with,government should take some measures to prevent the situation from becoming worse,for instance, to publish relevant laws and regulations to limit the universities expand blindly and immoderately.
Then, it is essential that the leaders and teachers of the schools attach great importance to students' quality and ability, which is really worthwhile.
Last but not least, what the college students should do is to concentrate on studies to developing themselves but not entertainment.
Nowadays,more and more animals are sent to zoos.Shall we keep animals in zoos?We had the discussion this week.
About 40 percent people think the animals should be kept in zoos.There are two reasons about it.First, people can see many kinds of animals.Besides,the animals can be taken good care of.
The others think it's wrong to keep the animals in zoos.First,most of the animals enjoy living in the nature.In addition,the animals in zoos can't be free because they are in cages.
In my opinion,people should keep the endangered animals in zoos to protect them.However,more animals should live in the nature.We should protect the animals because they are the human's friends.When we see an animal which was hurt,we should help it and take it to the veterinarians'.Let's work together to protect our friends!
As a freshman in the university,I'm curious about all things here.At the same time,for me,a quite different and challenging life will start.But I'm a little afraid and confused.Compared with senior high school, the life in university is like a new friend who will accompany me for 4 years.The biggest difference, as far as I'm concerned, is that I must rely on myself.
In other word,I must be responsible to my whole life.
Memories dates back to the period of senior time,which contained endless homework,parents' expect and too much pressure.
I was almost crazy.
It was typical of me to do bad in exams,which could let me down.
I couldn't help getting angry to my parents.
I even didn't want to talk to them.
I just lived in my own world.
Sometimes they brought me fresh fruits,however,I just glanced at them and fought against comlex problems.
I didn't value their sincere love, just took it for granted.
But now, I can't talk to them face to face.
Nobody will prepare the things I need.
After seeing them off, I bursted into tears.
I regret what I did before.
Meanwhile,I believe the precious emotion will turn into powerful strengths which can help me overcome difficulties.
Now here I am.The past has past.The future is filled with something unknown.Though it will take me some time to suit new life,though there will be something crule waiting for me.I will not get down.
University is a great stage to get more social practice.
To make school time more meaningful,I will try my best to equip me with a wide range of knowledge.
I ought to take advantage of the coming opportunities.The followings I need,is struggle!
Happiness,it hurt like a train on a track.
Coming towards her,stuck still no turning back.
She hid around corners and she hid under beds.
She killed it with kisses and from it she fled.
With every bubble she sank with a drink.
and washed it away down the kitchen sink.
The dog days are over.
The dog days are done.
The horses are coming so you better run.
Run fast for your mother run fast for your father.
Run for your children and your sisters and brothers.
Leave all your love and your loving behind you.
Can't carry it with you if you want to survive.
The dog days are over.
the dog days are done.
Can't you hear the horses.
Cuz here they come.
I am writing to inform that there will be a foreign language Training organized in the company.The company has won a large export order, it is necessary for us to have business with our foreign customers.
I want to take him to go to school.
Let him get a glimpse of China's education.
China's cramming education system.
I want him to see how Chinese students uniform drab.
I want him to see how Chinese students abide by the rules.
So that the students do morning exercises in the rain, the leaders are carrying umbrellas.
China's cramming education system, killing the students interest and imagination ability.
As a student, only need to test a high score.
In China, the score is to evaluate a student's standard.
I want him to know that Chinese system of education needs to be greatly improved.
Score is not evaluation criteria for a student.
Everyone's birth is different, the growth environment is also different, strength will be different.
I want to let him know that only pay attention to score and does not pay attention to the practice of China's education is a failure.
My name is L. I have learned it from the Internet that you want to find a Chinese friend.
So, I hope I can make friend with you, Because i know you want to learn Chinese'culture and Chinese, I Would I can help you.
I hope you will have the opportunity to China, I will take you to the famous place, and tell you about these place's thing.
I will take you to do some interesting things.
For Example, eat some delicious foods, see the chinese movies, so on.
With the development of society,the situation of job hoppers is more and more common.There are many of the reasons why people love their careers but frequently change their jobs.
Some people tend to stick to their positions all the time.Such people love their work and turn out to be specialists in their field and they are usually high achievers.If their work-environment change or their company-well-being is not well.The Traffic problem and vocation are terrible,and salary is a factor which affects job satisfaction.What's worse,they are unappreciated or ignored in company.They don't get along well with their bosses and workmates.They are work under pressure.These can affect people frequently change their jobs.
In my opinion,It's high time that we should take steps to handle the situation.We should find ways to become more visible and ask for new challenges or training to help develop our skill and try to limit interactions with them as much as possible.We should focus on our performance and results.
How time files!It is time to plan the activities of the New Year.
Of course, homework is necessary, I would like to sixteen days to finish it.
I would like to play well in the New Year.
Therefore, I want to play football everyday with my friend.
In the holiday vacation, I want to go to Haerbin to look at ice, so I will buy some souvenirs for my classmate and my friends.
Als, I will take a lot of photos, and send them to my friends.
I think I will have a good New Year.
On the first day of 2005, my nephew came to this world with the whole family's ecstasy and expectation.
At that time, I was a 13-year-old secondary student who totally had no idea that how to be an uncle of a little boy.
After all these years, the moment that I, for the first time, held the little one in my arms came back to my mind from time to time as though it just happened yesterday.
I awkwardly took the little boy from my sister's hands and carefully held him in my arms.
Upon I touching him, I can even feel his warmth and breath which was a fairly fabulous feeling.
My nephew was fully dressed and only his face and hands can be seen.
As many newly-born infants, he was sleeping tightly.
He was like a lovely miniature with small nose, mouth,ears,eyes and thin eyebrows.
His chest heaved with every breath and I can even felt his heartbeat.
But I was so focused on the observation of this little boy that did not realize that my unskillful way of holding a baby made him uncomfortable.
He was woke by me and opened his eyes.
A pair of small eyes looked at me with an air of curiosity and innocence.
Nowdays,many young people use out their income in every one month.They are called the moonlight clan.They always have no spare money to due to some emergencies.They also take every cent as soon as they earn that.
Somes think it is a popular consuming concepts.They almost prefer to enjoy themselves rather than work hard to save some money.They could say we are working just for consuming.No consumption,no live.No live,no earn.
On the other hand,many have the opposite opinions.They work hard for plenty of reasons,and they save money to develop for a further steep.They think it is unreasonable.
From my eye, I can not admire the moonlight clan.I come from a poor family,so I value money,especially which comes from my favour and perspiration.I think there is a more important place waiting for me to use my money better.
Lifestyle,as a manner of living that reflects the person's values and attitudes,is very important for people's development,and has a great affect on people's health.A good lifestyle can lead a person to the way to success.On the contrary,fail.If you try to know someone who is successful,you will find that they all have a same point,that all of them have a good lifestyle.
The body is the capital of revolution.Wealth cann't pay for health.Having a good body is necessary to have a good lifestyle.If you want to be a successful man,first,you need to keep a good lifestyle,and develop a good body.
How to keep a healthy lifestyle?I think doing exercise is necessary.Also you should have a balanced diet.Neither eating too much or going hungry.Vegetables should always appear in your dishes.Smoking is forbidden and drinking is temperate.
In one word,body is ourselves.We should cherish them.So please keep a good lifestyle that we will benefit for it all the lifetime.
As we all know, telecommuting is one of the most fashionable ways of working today.
It brings us lots of conveniences, and gives us more freedom to arrange our time.
However, I don't think its advantages can outweigh its disadvantages.
Here are my reasons.
Firstly, though there are varieties of information on the internet, there are also great numbers of temptations when you are doing your work online.
For example, when you are making some complex forms, it's really hard for you not to see some interesting news.
And when I am writing this article, I still talking with my friends online at the same time.
Secondly, telecommuting contributes to the estrangement of people.
Working with colleagues and handling problems together can really help us trust with each other and deepen mutual understanding.
But when you are telecommuting, you can only keep a weak relationship with others which depends on e-mails or cellular phone.
Sometimes I am worrying that whether telecommuting will make us feel more lonely and become more indifferent.
Last but no least, telecommuting leads to an unhealthy way of life.
You may consider the 9-to-5 rat race boring and dull, but you can't deny that it is healthier than getting up in the afternoon and working hard in the wee hours with the help of coffee.
The more freedom we have, the lazier we may be.
So since it's so difficult to arrange ourselves well, having a regular way of life may be a better choice.
Though I don't think the advantages of telecommuting outweigh its disadvantages, it may be quite suitable for particular people.
And I believe that telecommuting will be more mature and practical some day in the future.
We have already been university students over one month .How about your life there ?
I miss you very much.
In the high school, we learned knowledge in the classroom and we just read the textbook .We seldom read other books because of lacking time .But now everything is different .We have a lot of free time to read books.
In my opinion ,university students should read some books which have profound meaning .For example ,I have read a novel ,The Ordinary World,which was written by Lu Yao who is a famous Chinese writer .I love it because it gave me some inspiration that we should do our best to overcome the difficulties that we confront in our life .It also told me that we should believe in ourselves and develop our potential .Besides ,university students should read some famous books ,which can be very helpful.
At the end ,I hope you can enjoy reading books too.
Best Wishes.
Nowadays, I want to talk about this subject ,which is that "should university students follow the fashion".
What I think is that the university students should focus on the fashion but I don't agree on paying much time on it.
On one hand, I consider it if students know a little about the fashion, it can help them learn more about the world and the development of the society.
Furthermore, it may help students enter the society, take the job in the future.
On the other hand, what I think it if students spend too much time following the fashion ,it will must influence their study.
Moreover, the more time you pay for fashion, the less knowledge you may get from your teachers.
So, all in all, we should solve this problem correctly.
What's more, "how follow"depends on your interest and ability.
The ability to do something over and over again in a short time may imply its easiness ,but many examples have witnessed the opposite result due to the will shortage.If you make up your mind to do something ,no matter how difficult it might be ,never give up .Because the strong will plays a role in success of your lifetime .
As we known,Edison insisted on experiment in order to invent the light bulb.There is no doubt that his experiment has failed thousands of times ,without a strong will can never achieve his goal.
In a word ,in our daily lives,we shoud take courage to face the difficulties and failures and never give up.Only to do everthing with a strong will ,can we get the final success.
Water shortages have become a serious social problem.
Caused reasons there are two reasons for the shortage of water resources, natural factors on the one hand, such as the greenhouse effect and Rainfall shortage .
on the other hand ,water pollution.
Excessive use of water resources and waste water.
but Humans caused by the excessive use of water resources is to speed up the deficiency of water resources.
in my mind, many ways can contribute to solving this serious problem, but the following ones may be most effective.
First, everyone should be advised to economize fresh water.
Besides, measures should be taken to prevent water pollution.
Finally,we should exploit fresh water resources by making use of underground water, desahing seawater, and even purifying water already polluted.
These are not the best and the only three measures we can take.
But it should be noted that we should take strong actions to protect fresh water resources.
As we all known that reading makes large effect on one's study and grow up.
However, different people have different comments.
The majority of people hold that reading a valuable book can make you spirits brightness.
While the others think the best way to acknowledge knowledge is practice.
I think that reading is a critical part of learning.
As the saying going Reading thousands of books is equal to walking thousands of miles.reading a valuable book can make you spirits brightness.
And in this way, we enjoy reading; try to remember more knowledge than we was.
It's broadening ours horizon, motivate ours potential.Book is important for us.It not only can books touch one's heart, but also can books flower his future.
And our present Mao of course is a good example,who changes his future through education.What's more we are living in a small life circle,a good book can take me travel around the world,and know different people think,we can Learn about their character and know how to be a good people.
Last eventhough pratice is so important for us,maybe some people say Practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.But most important thing is we should take a motive attitude to read plenty of books can we take part more practice.So we are what we read.
When I was in middle school I got recognize the book name, but I did not read it.
Now I have this book, but I haven't finished it till now, I think it's really difficult for me,but fortunately, I have watched the movie "pride and prejudice" the writer is Jane Austen, make this novel to be a film by an American.
Mr. Darcy, a nobleman from the upper class in England, he looks down every person from the lower-classes.He doesn't like neither their life style nor their way to think.
Elizabeth, a wise young girl from the lower-classes of the country, she doesn't like pride men and the rich people,because she think the rich man look down them.
By the way,there are lots of conflicts between them,but at last,Darcy and Elizabeth,the two different person they are fall love.That's very incredible.
Why not express our real feelings at once?if we can face ourselves and go through to get what we want like Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy.in that way ,we can get the love of ourselves.
In recent years, apply the number of Civil is more and more, but the admission proportion is becoming more and more small.
In the face of such phenomenon, we're different.
First, someone thinks the reason is Civil have stable work and well treated, and they are attracted.On the surface, Civil servants' pay is not equal to the foreign capital enterprise, but this is only temporary, the actual income of Civil servants generally exceeds its book income.
The second, someone thinks the reason is policy drive this phenomenon.Civil servants enjoy social security, and it servants work relatively easy, most civil servants can enjoy the legal holiday.
To cool the civil service to return to a normal career, not only can be achieved from position limits and other technical means, also is not going to do, this is a huge task.
In the contemporary society,many a young student may say the humorous saying "Quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world .
Although it may be a joke , it deserves our attention .
From my point of view ,there are at least two factors to solve this problem .
For one thing ,it is necessary for people ,who want to make a success,to have a strong will .
For another ,the people who have a strong will can complete the mission and achieve the goal.
Taking the above factors into account, we may arrive a conclusion that strong will is the most essential for people to make a success .
Only in this way ,can we make a harmonious society.
In order to in crease student's knowledge about the traditional culture of Guangzhou,our schooi helda"Guangzhou Culture Festval"last satarday.The"Guangzhou Culture Festival"have a Cantonese Opera Competition,Picture Show and the Food Show.
The Cantonese Opera Competition,people felt is important.And something student join in the Cantonese.And the misic is every good and the cost is every beatiful.
The Picture Show.They can show the Guangzhou change.The student can leant the Guangzhou histeray.
The Food Show,the food is every dristrsy.And the people is every like eat.
I think you can to help student to leant to Guangzhou.
Before entering a college, I was full of fantasy and curiosity for it.
I knew that entering college is an essential turning point in my life.
In the college, I can learn more and understand more.
To be more exact, the college will have a profound impact on my life.
In my first semester of college, I was quite in adapting to the new environment.
My hometown is Sichuan.
So I was really strange to Chongqing.
That was the first time to study away from home.
There were no my friends, no my family, even a little person I knew.
From that moment, I knew that entering the college, I not only to learn to be independent, but also to learn how to adapt to the new environment.
In the first week of college, my roommates and I got along well.
I volunteered to serve as a dormitory locule.
I often communicated with my roommates and shared my happiness to them.
Just enter the college, I learned how to live in a new environment.
It gave my life new experience.
At the same time, it also gave me a prepared after entering society.
The college has a good effect on my life.
With time going by, I am a junior now.
Looking back, college has affected my life deeply.
I used to be afraid of mistakes, because I was afraid of being laughed at in public.
So I basically do not answer questions.
However, one day, a teacher told us:"Do not be afraid of making mistake in our class.
We are family.
That making mistakes in our own home is not to lose face.
After that, I began to express my opinions.
When I was wrong, I can get correct and help of teachers and classmates.
It also lets me know that expressing my views in public I can find my mistakes and correct them.
The college, which really has a great influence on my life and makes me realize that many important things.
The discussion about, "marks and abilities" has recently aroused people's attention.
Different people has different ideas.
Some people think marks is important than abilities, while others think abilities is more important than marks.
Marks is important for students in school.
If students get good marks, only shows that we master good knowledge.
Marks can not fully on behalf of students' abilities.
Although one is not good at studing, she is well in dancing, singing and other aspects.
At school, learning experience is more important than learning knowledge.
One day, when we move towards the society, experience is vital for us.
I am helpful.I am always helping strangers,which makes me gain good honors in our school.Whenever somebody needs aids,I will give her hands as much as I can.One day I went back home to see my mother form my school.In the way ,I found a boy lost.Then,I help the boy called the police, so that he finds to his home.
I am also stubborn and like to get into a blind alley.There is a simple subject, I cannot understand,I cannot let their.So I sleep late.But I failed.
So I was called by teachers.
In a word,I am a continuous effort to learn who did not give up their dreams, to the future with hope.
If reading is a good way to enrich our knowledge and broaden our horizens,practice weighs more than it.thus I hold an active attitude on practising.Only by practise,can we find how beautiful the world is.When it comes to the advantages that practice can bring ,above all,it's the bridge which can strike a balance between entertainment and study.What 's more ,there's no doubt that practice can improve our sense of social responsibility.In addition,it's apparent that students can learn more meaningful knowledge that books can't cover .In my opinion,the more practice you do ,the more progress you will make.In all ,I'm firmly believe that practice is the empress of science.let explore the wonderful world by practising.
With the improvement of society ,the technology advanced faster and faster .The number of population is larger ,children are the future flowers of the nation.The parents require to children more and more,so parents send their kids to various art classes ,let them learn some private strong suit .The different people hold different opionions toward this phenomenon .
Some people think the phenomenon is benefical to children .First ,with the improvement of the standers of living ,people's quality also need improve ,learning knowledge included arts is for good to improving our quality.S econd, they can learn some art skills that enchance more chance for their life .Third,when they have art classes they can make more friends and enchance their ability of communication.
Some people agrue that ,they think parents should not send their kids to art classes.
For one thing ,the fast pace modern life do bring us great pressure ,sending kids to art classes build up of pressure not only parents but also children .For another ,children need freedom,they need the time of enjoyment.
Every corn has two sides.As far as I am concerned, parents should ask for children's idea .Let themself select go to art classes or not to go ,which one art class in depend on their interests.
In the middle of the September, the author spent many days and nights taking care of a sick pig, he thought it was important to describe this time; especially the pig was dead while he was still alive.
I couldn't remember the certain time when the pig was dead, which made me weak and couldn't fall asleep for a long time.
The author wanted to buy a small pig in spring and feed it, he could kill it when the coming of the winter.
He usually felt sad when they killed the pig, for the sympathy of pig's experience.
The hognose built at the end of the old garden.
The saw dust gave a suitable house for the pig.
However, the saw dust that made the pig weak.
His neighbors thought this dust was dirty and never thought the dust was good to build the house for a pig.
That day, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, the author found something was wrong of the pig.
It didn't eat anything and just stayed there.
The author felt nervous and called the veterinarian as soon as possible.
The doctor just told the author rolled the pig on his back and gave the pig two ounces of castor oil or sweet oil, and if that didn't do the trick gave it an injection of soapy water.
The doctor thought the pig's plugged up, and even if he was wrong, it couldn't do any harm.
The author said thank you to the doctor, but he didn't do it at present, he just sat in the chair and thought for an hour.
He just wanted to feed the pig as usual, until the coming of the winter, he could kill it.
He even didn't know whether there two ounces of castor oil or sweet oil.
At 5 o'clock, the author was invited to attend a dinner, if he wanted to feed pig, it couldn't be too late, he knew there was not enough time left.
He and his son arrived at he pig yard, armed with a small bottle of castor oil and length of clothesline, the pig had emerged from his house and was standing in the middle of his yard, listlessly.
He gave us a slim greeting.
His son reached down, crabbed both front legs, upset the pig quickly, and when the pig opened his mouth to scream the author turned the oil into the pig's throat.
Several hours later, a few minutes before midnight, having dined well and at someone else's expense, the author returned to the pig house with a flashlight.
The patient was asleep.
Next day was another hot one, the author visited the pig before breakfast and tried to tempt the pig with a little milk in his trough.
The pig just stared at it.
The author discovered, though, that once having given a pig an enema there is no turning back, no chance of resuming one of life's more stereotyped roles.
The pig's lot and the author's were inextricably bound now, as though the rubber tube were the silver cord.
It was long after dark, a car drove in and McFarland got out.
McFarland examined the pig, however, twenty-four hours later, or it might have been forty-eight-there is a blur in time here, and the author might have lost or picked up a day in the telling and the pig one in the dying.
At intervals during the last day he took cool fresh water down to the pig and at such times as he found the strength to get to his feet the pig would stand with head in the pail and snuffle his snout around.
The pig came out of the house to die; its face had a mild look, expressive neither of deep peace nor of deep suffering.
It was a Saturday morning, at the edge of the grave, the author threw in the first shovelful, and then others worked rapidly and without talk, until the job was complete.
The news of the death of the author's pig traveled fast and far.
The grave in the woods is unmarked, but the author can direct the mourner to into unerringly and with immense good will.
In seasons of reflection and despair, on flagless memorial days of our own choosing.
The drill is aimed at helping us learn how to handling emergency situation amd it also helps us practice the skill we have learned.Through this drill,our self-help ability will be improved greatly.
But there still exist problems in the evacuation drill.We don't take it seriously enough.Not being aware of the importance of it,we laugh and talk during the drill,and someone even plays cellphone while escaping!
In order to avoid those happening again,please take in the suggestion.First,we should keep clam and quiet during the drill and always obey teachers' orders.Then try to hold each other's hand to avoid tumbling and being trodden.
I believe that if we do all the things mentioned above,we will have big improvements.
Frankenstein is a film which was directed by Kenneth Branagh.
The three main characters are the creatures, played by Robert De Niro, victor Frankenstein, played by Kenneth Branagh, and Elizabeth, played by Helena Bonham Carter.
Frankenstein is the name of a young scientist from Geneva, in Switzerland.
He creates a creature that resembles a human being and gives it life.
He is very large and strong, and is also extremely ugly, terrifies anyone who sees him.
However, the monster, who has learnt to speak, is intelligent and has human emotions.
He soon feels lonely and unhappy because he can't find any friends.
He begins to hate his creator Frankenstein.
The monster killed Frankensteins's brother, his best friend Clerval and fiancee.
Finally he died with his creator in North Pole.
Frankenstein is an unforgettable sci-fi film.
And this movie reminds us of a message that cloning isn't beneficial to us.
Riding a bike to school is better than driving to school.One reason is that riding a bicycle to my school is usually faster than driving.
This is because traffic is so heavy,and it's slower when there is traffic.Another reason is that riding a bicycle do not have to park the car .Car is bigger than a bicycle .A third reason is that riding a bicycle can reduce pollution than diving .As a resident in the world ,we have a duty to protect our environment for our later generations .A final reason is that riding a bike is healthier .Riding a bicycle can exercise.
I feel delighted to get your email,knowing you are so interested in my travel .Now let me tell you about it .
On Saturday morning at 7,I set out for Golden Beach locating in Qingdao province with my parents by bus.
There are a various of activities ,including swimming ,tasting the delicious seafood on the beach in the morning,looking at the attractive scenery of sea,taking the photos and so on in the afternoon.In addition of this ,I also bought lots of suvenirs .
I enjoyed myself though I am exhousted.
Golden Beach is a beatiful place.
I appreciated it if you can reply,discribing something about your travel.
Thanks for telling me about Thanksgiving Day.
Now I'd like to tell you something about another festival in China.
The Double Ninth Festival is on the ninth day of the ninth lunar month.
This festival become in China.This day,people have to see the old man.
Befor,people took the old man to go to mountain.then a doubie-ninth cakes for old man.All pick it up to eat.that hope the old man that can leave more time.
Now,we change some new way on The Double Ninth Festival.We often go to the zoo with the pld man.And we can go to nursing home.Let them happy.
The Double Ninth Festival is a important Day.It means our chinese culture.We should protect and inheritance it.
Looking forward to Learning more about your holidays.
We learned english many years,our ways are different.We finish by looking at how children can be taught the value of money by putting more control over it into their own hands,leaving them to learn from experience rather than through persuasion,through practice rather than preaching.
My favorite way of learning is interesting,in the school play,playing in the middle.To prepare lessons before class,listen carefully in class,a good habit of review after class.For example, to improve our English, it is critical to do more reading, writing, listening and speaking.
Besides, learning by heart as many well-known essays as possible is also very important.
Without an enormous store of good English writing in your head you cannot express yourself freely in English.
It is also helpful to summarize our experience as we go along, for in so doing, we can figure out which way of learning is more effective and will produce the most desirable result.
As long as we keep working hard on it, we will in due course accomplish the task of mastering English.
There are many kinds of learning methods, we must according to our characteristic, choose our learning way, can achieve good results.
The person I most admire is a famous poet in ancient china, Libai.
He lived in Tang dynasty, was a master in the history of poem.
It is said that he had written more than one thousand of poems in all his life, most of them are masterpiece.
I think you all remembered that in our primary school, we have learned his first poem.
Compared with his achievement, I more appreciate his attitude to life.
He is an optimistic person, no matter succeeds or depression, he can face to life with smile.
He trusted his value and believed in someday his dream would come true.
He loved freedom, so he ignored all feudal restrictions, even though he is an official in feudal government.
Just do yourself is his motto, he did not care about others how to estimate him, even did not concerned with authority, money ,or repution.
The girl has slim figure and medium height.That shows her good shapes.The curved eyebrows and the big eyes which on her round face ,and the ponytail that flying in back of her head ,just express her happiness and relaxation..It seems like that the girl is a vigorous and healthy person,for her simple and skinny clothes as well as her jumping pose.
The fashionable bag is created for female .It is mainly red and black,which makes it more gorgeous.The bag that is made of leather ,has a red handle and a black background with deep red dot.The white stripe help to avoid being humdrum.style.It can be suitable for many women to attend a party or outdoor trips.
We both know that work in a government department could be more comfortable than the other jobs,and be as a civil service can enjoy a good salary and perfect social security.So that although the civil service exam is difficult and competitive,there are Tens of thousands of people Sign up for the exam every year.But the disadvantages of the exam also important to us.For example,the civil service exam could be divided into two parts:the talked test and the written test .The talked test's size is limited, can't test on a large scale, and take a longer time, low efficiency, the examiners personnel in the process of grading subjective randomness is larger, leading to the credibility of the test is not high.
In addition, the examinee in the examination process tend to produce bigger psychological pressure, which makes the influenced their normal levels.The written test's propositional content Aspects that involved are narrower, the lower level of choice and the scoring criteria is not uniform, the initiative is larger, susceptible to interference and influence of various kinds of external factors.And there are so many people join the exam,so the Pass rate could be very low.
We should concentrate more on our major studying rather than spending too much time on the exam.After all,the job we should do must be closely related with our major.
Recently, numerous people who pay attention to current events are astonished by the life story of a Seattle man who lived a thrifty life but left a rich legacy to charity.
His living habits, such as using coupon clippings and wearing shabby clothes, seem weird compared with his generous donation.
As a member of those who follow the news, I suppose that this man is so ambitious that he made a wrong choice for his life.
Admittedly, the man did a good thing to those children and students who benefit from his endowment.
Nevertheless, it is still hard to say that he is really a kind person.
Since his daily life was so miserable and shabby, it is not hard for us to imagine the scenes that he pinched and screwed to save money, only to have the ability to donate a king's ransom to the charity after he died.
The impetus for him to do so may be just fame and reputation.
That is to say, it is his ambition, rather than his kindness, that helped him to make such a peculiar life choice.
From this perspective, his mental state is abnormal to some degree, which makes his life choice a not recommended one.
Additionally, even if the man hoped to have the opportunity to make such a donation, it is unnecessary for him to be this frugal.
As the news reported, the man is actually wealthy enough that it is easy for him to live a normal life and leave a legacy, which is still appreciable, after he dies.
But now the situation is weird.
Even though the children and students he helped may finally have the chance to leave away from the pain of poverty, he, on the contrary, seems to become the one who really needs financial aid.
It is not hard to imagine what will happen if one fifth of our citizens have this kind of morbid thought.
Obviously, that will cause incredible chaos to our society.
In other words, the man's ambition to be a philanthropist is a total disaster.
What's more, the reason the man's step-daughter gave us makes me feel that he is just an evader of real life.
In order to get rid of those who covet his wealth, he determined his life in an extreme way.
While so many billionaires were living a normal life in this world, using their own strategies to deal with such kind of things, he never learnt anything from them, but gave up.
Indeed, it is not too much to say that he was a coward although he had an exremely strong ambition.
To sum up, I believe that the man's ambition has gone to extremes, which seemingly destroyed his own life.
Although some people benefitted from him, his ultra behaviors could still cause a lot of problems.
Thus, only when all of us can control our ambition within a certain range, can we benefit from it.
Otherwise, it just makes a lot of things meaningless.
Nowadays,almost all the schools in China only pay attention to how to make students study better and get higher grades instead of to make them behave better in every aspect.But is it really good for the students?Obvious not!
As far as I am concerned,Chinese education which is called exam-oriented education is awful.The schools in China should teach students to develope thier characters and abilities in every aspect but not only in studying.China is called the State of Ceremonies in every age.It means Chinese attach importance to behave politely.So,character education is also important.The schools in China are supposed to teach students how to behave politely.For example,to respect and obey their parents is important.That is why China is called the State of Ceremonies.And then,to be an honest man is also necessary.Both are good characters.Of course,some other good characters are also worth paying attention to for the schools in China.
If so,the students must have both good grades and good quality.How fantastic it will be!
"the problem was confused by many citizens.When it comes to the question of "should we help the strangers",different people have different ideas.
Some people believe that help others is our traditional virtue and we have been taught to be glad to help others all the time.
So,we should help the strangers if we saw it.Because everyone is not independent in the world.We should need a warm heart to help everyone .Especially,If you want someone to help you,you must help others first .Finally,I think help others is helping ourselves in some ways.
Therefore,we should be glad to help others.
However, some others stand on a different ground.They consider that helping others can sometimes put us to trouble.Even if the human eye has 576000000 pixels,but cannot read the heart.In order to avoid involving in unnecessary trouble when helping others,it would be better for us to choose a reasonable way.When we see someone in danger,if we can't help,calling the police is a much wiser way and find nearby people to help.
In short, In my opinion, helping others is our traditional virtue.We should still try our best to help strangers.
At the same time,we should also learn to protect ourselves when helping strangers.
That's all.
Thank you.
We high school students usually pay much attention to our bodies'shape.
Sadly, most of us are a little fat.
A report from the World Health Organization says that nearly 18 million children under the age of five around the world are overweight.
I think that the reason for our fat is eating too much.
Also, not enough exercise is important.
We can have much good food easily now.
It's possible for anyone to be slim or strong(not fat).
Just read the following advice.
First, making a plan.
If you can't insist on eating less or exercising more, it'll be great helping for you.
Second, watch pictures of beautiful slim persons and imagine your brilliant future, then you will have strength to carry on your plan.
Third, asking your parents and friends take charge of your loss-weight plan.
They must be very happy to do so and maybe they will also give you some good suggestions on loss weight.
Just don't give up.
With the development of the intent.more and more problems are brought to our attention .one of them is online rumors.From the picture above,we can find that using the internet irrelevant caused online rumors.It's harmful to the social stability and increasing Mistrust of the network.
There are some reasons for online rumors harmful.First ,afalse report, once released, will remain so in its circulation.Second,many people care about Social public opinion,but few of the have the ability which tell the facts and false apart.Pepole always Ignore the obverse side of things and Enlarge the opposite of things.What's more,some people spread the rumors unconsciously.
Measures must be taken.As far as I'm concerned,the government should make a law to reduce the source of online rumors.The managers of the intenet should restrength the supervision,trying to cut off the way of spreading.
For us, a wise man does not believe in rumours.
Sam Walton, a billionaire, carries on like plain folks without flashy behavior, never throwing his weight around.
What's more, he treats his employees better than himself.
As far as I am concerned, we should learn how to become a better person, as he does.
Hello,Mike.My name is L.Do you know Chinese festival?China have lose of festival sach as Spring Festival,May Day,Childrens'Day... ...many many festival.In Spring Fastival we can have a big dinner ,speak "happy Spring Festival",my family give me lose of money and we are very very happy.I don't know American fastival.Can you tall me?
Recently there are growing individuals raising pets.
When we go out ,we would see many people playing with pets.They get along well with pets.
The first reason why more and more people keeping pets is that pets are friendly to people.
Pets like their host and seldom do harm to host.
Olds.The olds will feel lonely and in this way they will be happy.
In my opinion,pets raising is good.It is good for people's life.They will bring happiness to people.
During the holiday,I always walk the dog.The work is very hard,because the dog is very big ang it also run very fast.At first,I run with it.But later,I found it very foolish.Then I try to let it stop,but it did not obey.It wanted me to make it free,but we are in the street now ,so I can not give it the freedom.Later we arrived at a park.I found a piece of the lawn,then I loosen the rope,it ran very very happily and excited.I played with it and finaly,we both felt very tired.So we went back home and have breakfast.
It is very unforgettable.Ilove the dog.
With the improvement on our living standards, As a consequence,we become lazier.That is to say, people haven't the habit of getting up earlier.
However,in my opinion, I prefer to get up early in the morning and start the day's work.
Getting up earlier has a lot of positive effects on our daily work.
On the one hand, we can become more efficient at working if we get up early.
As we all know, in the morning, people can go out for some fresh air,which makes us keep a clear head.
On the other hand, getting up earlier offers us more space and enough time to accomplish our work.
As an old saying goes,time flies.
So by getting up earlier,we can take advantage of our time and finish our work in advance.
In conclusion,getting up earlier is necessary to our daily work.
So, we should regard getting up earlier as a wonderful experience .
From ancient times to the present, Extensive and profound China's culture are.
Especially, the culture of tea is well known by Chinese and foreigners.
Recently, it is considered as a part of the China's non-material cultural heritage.
Then I will list the three-step of making Kung-fu tea.
Before making tea, first the purple clay tea wares, composed of teapot, tea roller and four cups, need to be cleaned with boiled water to get rid of the remaining tea flavor in the pot.
We can also make better tea with a warm teapot in this way.
Then, we need to turn over the tea wares so as to make the left water which can influence on the quality of the tea out of the tea wares.
Boiling the water and choosing tea leaves next.
When the water is heated, we should to choose tea leaves.
As for the water, spring or well water is also the best choice.
Oolong tea, a kind of half-fermented tea, is the chosen tea for the famous Kung-fu tea brewing process, because only this kind of tea has the very color, scent and flavor required by Kung-fu tea.
Famous oolong tea includes Iron Guanyin in Fujian.
Thirdly, Filling teapot approximately one out of third full with tea leaves with chopsticks or a bamboo scoop, and then pour boiling water into the purple clay teapot.
Put the teapot into a large bowl.
Give the tea leaves a rinse by filling the pot half full with hot water, then draining the water out immediately, leaving only the soaked tea leaves.
Then pour water from a high level.
It is known as high pour, which is a good way to get out the aroma of the tea leaves.
Cover the pot and pour the water resting in the bowl to warm the cups.
Be sure not to let the tea leaves steep too long, the first infusion should be steeped for only thirty seconds.
Then pour tea into cups by moving around the cups.
In this way, each cup tastes the same.
Then, the Kung-fu tea has been made.
In the process of growing up,countless books nourish me,with me for a long long distance,I of the book,such as fish and water,tightly tied together not separately Zang Kejia said,''read a good book, close a helpful friend''when a book really live in your heart,you will have this feeling.
Flesh and blood,such as the Song Jiang,Lin,Li Kui and so on.This conclusion is also the tragedy of the characteristic in this book in which the reader deep food for thought.
In the face of seeking out job,what should we do?In my opinion,the first thing of the first is to study hard when you are in the university period.
However,a good job is based on a comprehensive experience,need to training for us constantly.What also counts much to this matter is having more and more teens to working up to now,and the most important for one is the finance crisis has not recoveried since 2008,it effects to the development of economy and society.In addition,seeking out the favorite job is not easy in terms of a graduate or postgraduate.
In sum,the choice of what kind of job will determine whether or not one will prepare oneself best for a better future.
Once there was a lady who was always losing hair.
Although she tried many different medicines to get more hair, she was still losing hair.
In one evening, she had a dream.
She went into a beautiful forest.
A man with black hair showed her some plants.
The man told her these plants can make her get more hair.
She was so happy to hear that she tried the plant.
Then she found her hair grew faster than before.
An idea came into her mind so she used these plants to make some medicines.
And then she sold the product very well because it was very useful.
So many people can get some beautiful hair Intelligence can change many things.
From the above article we can know the pay is always accompanied by income.
Although we have spent a lot of time at school but for the future of our life and work has brought a lot of benefits.
So we should study hard.
Education pays are detailed evidence of private and public benefits of higher education .Differences in enrollment and completion pattems across demographic groups highlight the reality that gaps in educational attainment are explained by a combination of money and other factors.
Education pays also shows have a university degree to people's way of life, health and other factors caused differences.
Education pays to let us know that we should pay more attention to the education.
Only education is the rejuvenation of the country.
The death penalty is the maximum sentence in the law system.
Do you know how many sorts of the death penalty.?
Do you really know understand meaning of it and its role has played in our modern society.?
I just want to illustrate my assertion that the death penalty is a step back.
The death penalty is not only a name exists in jurisprudence, but a symbol that another man is going to lose his life.
Another family is going to lose their relative.
The country is going to lose the chance to a turn a bad guy into a good one.
These are all obviously disadvantages of the death penalty.
We all know that the death penalty cannot be converted freely.
Then if the judge found that he had made a mistaken.
Should he be guilty.
We all know guilty is meaningless.
Life cannot be exchanged.
The death penalty stands for savage, bloodshed and inhumanity.
Although it has started since the ancient time, it can't go well along with civilization and humanity.
It is paradoxical that as far as I am concerned that the answer is negative, but it goes the other way around.
Many criminals be sentenced to the death penalty because they deserve it.
I don't want to contradict this point.
But I want to ask whether it will be a good idea to punish a person by the death penalty, whether our pains will be erased by seeing other people miserable.
What a negative answer .
The main point is not to kill somebody to reach the balance, but let him be aware of his behavior was totally wrong and caused what an awful result.
Therefore we can try our best to moralize on him and redeem his soul.
Many people were not mean to do something wrong, but they have to pay for it.
The death penalty is another murder.
Sometimes, death is not the most frightening thing, what frightened people most is that they cannot have a sound sleep, they can't focus on anything after they hurtled somebody.
Letting criminals torment themselves is much more effective than the death penalty.
Although he is a killer, he also has his own social value as long as he is alive.
Thus it would be better to keep the slayers alive that the psychiatrists can study them in order to come up with reasons for what makes them the way they are.
Maybe it is useful to reduce the criminal rate.
On the other hand, since their death cannot retrieve victims' lives, they can make up for helping victims.
Only cowards pick the death.
A person who can undertake responsibilities is a real man.
The death penalty is just a step back.. Namely, it can't solve the problems or lighten pains.
Nothing is lasting, time will cure them one day as well as pains.
Also a criminal can become a good one after many tries.
The death penalty would remove all these possibilities.
Now, competition exists in every filed and becomes fiercer, but education experts have different opinions.
one side thinks that we need have the competition but other side think not.
As we all know, in our society ,competition always be the theme .
it is impossible to escape this current situation.
However, every coin has two sides.
Competition also has its advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, competition can encourage ourselves to be self-confident and give greater motivation to do our work and insure that it will be done the best.
On the other hand, if our psychological quality is not good, we also have two consequences, one is kill ourselves and another one is mad.
In my opinions , i think we must have the competition , but it can not be the theme , it must have a restriction.
If we do that, we will have more freedom and human nature.
Staring from about 40 years ago, human has been doing researching and discovering work on nucleus energy.
Basiclly, our world is made of different kinds of matters including us.
Matters are made out of some smaller particles which are called molecules which are made of smaller particles called atoms.
Furthermore both their externals and the centres contain different kinds of smaller particles which are electrons and nucleus.
The nucleus science studies two kinds of conditions, which are the seperating and the polymerization of two or more nucleus.
It is believed that this discovery is always a good thing and will make our life much better.
The discovery of nuclear can provide us with a very powerful weapon.
The nucleus bomb can kill millions of animals and batter thousands of buildings in few seconds which is the most powerful weapon that human has never had.
Having this kind of weapon, we are invincible.
Maybe someday we even can use it to resist razzia of aliens from out space.
On the other hand, this extremely powerful weapon can help the peace-keeping.
Every country which owns this kind of weapons all knows how strong it is, and they all don't want to be battered.
In this way there won't be any world-class wars take place.
Thanks to the discovery of nuclear weapons.
Energy problems which are the greatest problems human have can be solved by discovery nucleus science.
The nucleus electricity station can produce a huge amount of electricity for a big city without burning anything.
More exciting thing is that this kind of power station can keep producing energy for a long time without changing anything.
There won't be too much air-pollution as now.
Nucleus powered boats or aircraft can keep working without adding flour.
Emagine a boat can sail few circles of the earth and the airplane which sent 5 years ago is still flying.
In this way we can protect the environment from air and sea pollution.
Thanks to the nuclear science, the sky and seas will be bluer.
Although the discovery of nuclear science may cause some problems, we can learn how to deal with it by discovering new ways.
As we know the Japanese nuclear electricity station which was destroyed by the earth quick caused a lot of polluting problem.
But by deeper developing, the third generation nuclear power stations which based on the science and technology co-operations between China and France were built in China.
It is named "Advanced Pressurized-Water Reactor" and it is the fact that this kind of power plant is much safer than Japanese one.
The diesel oil engines of emergency in this kind of systerm and a lot of human-controled equipment were taken placed by pure physical powered systerm.
This chang decreased the chance of the human factor of mistakes and better protected the reactors.
Thanks to further discovery, we have safer nuclear power plants now.
Armed with nuclear weapons, we can resist ourselves pretty well, and the peace is kept.
Because of nucleus energy, the energy problems are now no longer serious.
New problems are solved by further discovery.
As far as I coner, discovery of nuclear science is always a good thing.
Nowadays,people in mounting numbers are concerned about the issue of create a conservation-oriented campus .people now are more and more aware of the importance of create a conservation-oriented campus .
Why should this phenomenon take place ?It is no difficult job for us to come up with some possible factors that underlie the above complicated phenomenon .for one thing,It is benefit that for our life and aspect .It can help we develop a good habit .For another ,It is important that to our campus ,compus enviorments is related to us .Above all ,an important foctor with our concern is that develop a harroumous society .
considering the current issue ,we should call for some immediate actions imposed by the universities.In other words ,As a college student,we should also be aware that any prompt solution is of benefit to all .Therefore ,It is the duty of ordinary people to actively participate in the create a conservation-oriented campus .
Money is considered by some people as the most important thing in their life.
They think that the majority of the material things in our daily life has to be bought with money and that if they have a lot of money,they can make themselves very comfortable by having a fine house to live in, beautiful clothes to put on, and delicious food to eat.
If I have enough money, I should use my money in dong something good.
It is better to put it in sound investment than by a house.
At the present, many people go to by house, which can let someone more comfortable when their live in.
But I should not be kept idle of money.
I will make business than by house, I like business so I also want to investment.
Business is a position, if peoples or companies do business with each other, one sells goods or services to the other.
If you is a successful businessman, who can earn a lot of money.
So we have much money that we can by many house and do many things.
We owe a business that we can chose we will like.
No matter what we do, or how much money we are willing to pay.
Business is a interesting position, it not only can earn much money, but also let you will feel more confidence about the business.
Do the business, which make your mind is still sharp.
In short, you should use your money properly.
Those who use it properly will find the way to success.
You should find a good way to investment you money, and let it earn more and more money.
As we know, reading is not only beneficial to widen our horizon but also help us to use the language.
We started reading poems or story books when we were children.
Although we don't know enough words and we need to learn from our teachers or parents.
Even so, we are enjoyable.
We can enrich our languages by reading different books.
A good book also helps us a lot during the growth stage.
Reading makes a full man.
As a student, reading professional books would help us to gain more specific knowledge.
We can not acquire or use some skills well with the absence of books.
It's a good way to gain the knowledge from books before we put them into practice.
Reading can cultivate our taste.
Reading can help us change our minds or attitude when we are in a situation of bottleneck.
We may suffer a lot during our life, sadness, depression and helplessness swallowing the hope of happiness.
Reading a good book with a cup of tea may help us go through it.
This is the charm of reading.
However, study something in order to apply it.
When we read more, we may benefit from it.
That is to say, we apply the knowledge during the daily life and it would be very useful.
Although we need to obtain skills or experience through practice, book learning is still necessary.
Good reading like a good teacher, who helps us to move on and enjoy the colorful life.
I am very interested in the position for a Business assistant to General Manager that you advertised in the news issue of The Daily News.
I study business and computer as my major at Hong Kong University.
I will receive Master's degree in management from the university 3 months later.
I know your company which is a modern cashmere grant company located in Huzhou, Zhejiang, has the excellent job opportunities for creative, resourceful and energetic persons at its rapid growth and fully owned headquarter.
I am confident in my solid foundation in computer knowledge and my potential ability in this career, and I have got the certificate of professional English level 4and 8.
In addition to my university course, I have work experience in Steel import and export corporation.
I believe I am who you need.
I look forward to discussing my application with you in an interview situation.
I will be able to attend for interview at my time that is convenient to you, but would be grateful if you would give me two day's notice.
Hi,LiHua.I intend to participate in dragon boat training camp,I hope you join me.
The first day is theory, in Beijing Saturday morning, mainly to learn the principles of knowledge about dragon boat,Attended by 10 people.The next day is the sixth day practical lesson, the teacher will lead you to dragon boat racing, exercise your willpower and stamina.The last day of the match is the participants will compete for the A champion, the winner will receive a generous gift.
I attended training camp is designed to exercise my strength and willpower, there is growth in my experience.If you would like to attend, give me a call right.
Some of the students thinks highly of the classes in which teachers give lectures.
Having taken the efficiency into consideration, the students believe that they could get more information in limited time.
What's more, having not been interrupted, the teachers could teach more clearly.
On the contrary, there are also some students prefer the classes in which they can discuss with each other.
They don't consider discussion a way to waste time.Nevertheless, they believe discussions can broaden their horizons and make them think more deeply.
As far as I am concerned, we should combine lectures and discussions together.
When teachers need to introduce some new theory or knowledge, they had better give a lecture, after which there should be a discussion in order to give students a chance to express themselves.
Finally, a lecture to conclude the discussion is also irreplaceable.
An English speech will be held in our college.The contest contains the speech of fee style and proposition speech.It is mainly to judge player's speaking.So you are one of the best choices to be a judge.Our college is willing to invite you to be a judge for this contest.It is time for March 28th at three o'clock.And the meeting room is in the third floor of the first building in our college .
We are looking forward to your coming.
My mother are the person I love most,because mom is closet to me.
She takes care of me everyday.While I am 8 years old,she brings me to school and takes care of me while I graduate from senior.I've been with my mother to stay together .I Love my mom.I think my mother is a kind and gentle woman.She is very easy to get along with.She is not only good to me,also good to others.When my classmates come to my house,she is very enthusiastic .She entertains them with fruit and drinks.My classmates said your mom is kind.What is more,she is also a teacher for me.When I am in a bad mood,she will chat with me for makeing me forget my trouble.Also she brings me go shoping .I like this way.
With the development of tourism,more and more questions appeared among people.On the one hand.The development of tourism can promote the development of their local economy,the local people can earn money from visitors.Therefore,they have enough money to develop the economy.Considering from this part,some people think it is necessary to develop the tourism.
But on the other hand.The cultural relics were destroyed by the huge number of visitors.While we are traveling around that places,we can find that the rubbish is thrown everywhere and many names are painted on the wall.Seeing of that,many people think we should limit the development of tourism.
Now,we are facing the difficulty of both developing tourism and protecting these cultural relics.Therefore,some policies were made by our government to punish these people who destroy the cultural relics.At the same time,visitors should set up a good conception on protecting our cultural relics.
In the future, "paper" can make up all of the things because of 3D printing that is a new way that uses to print.
In fact, 3D printing was invented 4 years ago but it uses to produce in 2012 and some people try to use 3D printing in different ways.
It is so dangerous although it can make our life more convenient.
If 3D printing is able to do anything, it will be an immoral thing for everyone.
At first, inventor who invented 3D printing just wanted to use it to solve some life problems, as examples losing cork of poor, losing chess, losing spare parts of TV because 3D printing is easy to use to print small things fast.
But some scientists and doctors used 3D printing to produce a heart and a leg by cells.
So we can know that 3D printing can be used to produce orang by immoral doctors and scientists who want to get money.
If they do that, many poor and ill people cannot get any free orang to live but someone who is rich and know how to produce body can be immorality by 3D printer.
Using 3D printing for producing weapon and industry are also a dangerous thing.
If everyone has 3D printer and enough material, everyone who has 3D printer can produce gun and bomb that is dangerous.
So if terrorists get it, they can get atom bomb and Biochemical weapons easily to kill anyone who lives on Earth.
When it happens, the world will become a Purgatoey.
Many workers who work in factories lose their jobs because of the 3D printing.
If all of the factories use 3D printing rather than workers to produce, they just need some computers that can use 3D printer because 3D printing can save room and 3D printers work faster than human.
If that happens, the most of the workers who work in factories will face many problems about living, but rich people who are owners of factories will be richer.
I do not hope that 3D printing is used in anywhere because it is too dangerous to use when some evil people get it.
Although 3D printing is an innovative invention for human,it is too dangerous to use.If it improves again and again, I think the world will be broken by it.
explained one friend of mine when asked why he decided to quit his highly-paid but demanding position in his company recently.
My friend may have his own reasons.
but I don't think his decision is wise in reality.
It's true that my friend's case is not unique.
In the last few years quite a number of men and women have chosen to do something less competitive at the cost of a comfortable.
easy life a highly-paid job can obtain.
They are afraid that the stresses and strains of work will rob them of joy and happiness and do them harm both physically and mentally.
In fact.
however.
stress isn't the bad thing it is often supposed to be.
Unless it gets out of control.
a certain amount of stress is vital to provide motivation and challenge.
and to give purpose and significance to an otherwise meaningless.
idle life.
People under stress tend to express their full range of potential and to actualize their own personal worth--the very aim of a human life.
Stress is a natural part of everyday life and there is no way to avoid it.
Nowadays,the training classes have grown everywhere around us.The training centers make every effort to attract students' attention,as well as parents'.Some of people think it unnecessary to have school lessons trained out of the class,but others don't think so.In fact,more than eighty percent of parents agree with the whole thing.Well,in my opinion,every coin has two sides.
On the one hand,a training center which is really helpful can provide us with more chances for practicing.The teachers there can give us something useful which is not mentioned on the text book.It is believed that we can exam ourselves and find our weakness in time.
On the other hand,if the training center only aims at making money and make too many people in one class,then,there is no need for you to attend it.It's just a waste of time.So be careful when you choose a training class to attend.
In a word,the training classes are only necessary when they really offer help.If not,you can have a review of the school knowledge and enhance yourself at home.
At present, it is very normal to see more and more students pursuit of famous brand at the university.
And as well some people are fight against about that.
Because they think famous brand is too expensive for them also it's difficult to afford.
Nonetheless as far as I am concerned, famous brand has his own attraction such as Chanel Hermes Marc Jacobs and so on.
They can make things very special and exquisite, in addition it can improve life's quality.
But they are not suit for college students.
I think students should learn about that but can't fall in love with them.
Students can be allowed to buy a bottle of Chanel perfume, but it can't be allowed to buy lot of famous brand.
It easily to encourage students mind of rivalry, rock climbing than psychological widespread.
Most people have sisters,however,not all people can get along well with their sisters.I always dream to have a perfect sister.She needn't be very tall,slim or beautiful.But she should be outgoing,positive,knowledgeable and should have a good temper.
I want to control my emotion when I'm angry,but in most times,I failed.So I want my sister can understand me,and share happiness and sadness with me.When I'm in difficulty,she'd better give me a lot of support..In return,I will do so when she has trouble.
If we live together,we should take care of each other.In addition,we'll have pretty interesting things to do.We can make many delicious food in our kitchen.After supper,we wash dished together.There must will be many laughs in our house.
What's more,we should have common hobbies,like watching TV,listening to music,going shopping,travelling,reading.She'd better be well-educated,because I'd like to talk what I have been learning in school with her.In our free time,I'd like to talk about some counties' culture and interesting customs.
Whatever the perfect sister is,the most important thing is that we should love each other.
There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.Some students like lectures teaching because they can study in calm.But others don't think so.Who suppose that studying with discussion teaching is more interesting than lectures.
Why did they have a different mind with it?There are some ideas for it.Firstly,different students are different interested in teaching.Secondly,some students want to study quietly.But some one want to study with more integrating.
But in my opinion,different teaching fit different students.Let's students choose what they want to class is right and freedom.College school should give students this chance to choose their class what they want.Doesn't it?After all,there are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
It's no wonder that we often get along well with our classmates as if we are brothers, or sisters.
In reality, every coin has two sides.
We may have our own issues sometimes which make us terribly upset so that we often do something we don't want to.
That's also the reason why it's easy for us to argue with others.
Moreover, teachers and parents try their best to exhort us to calm down and put forward some useful suggestions.
Nevertheless it doesn't matter.
As far as we concerned, the adolescents are generally rebellious and easy to be impulsive.
The thing we can do is that controlling ourselves.
However, the following is my sincere suggestion.
We should properly spare the time to relax when we are under heavy pressure.
What'more, we can build the bridge between parents and teachers.
Communication is the most useful tool to figure the problem out.
On the whole, I'm looking forward to seeing our class become more harmonious.
Hi,students!I am the school newspapers agent for English.Now We require an edit from yours.
One of the part of your works are you must find the article that fit students from the newspapers and internet.And another is you should choose and edit students writing article.
If you want to join ours,you must meet our demand.First of all,you must offer to service students likely and happily if you have enough times.More over both your English and art are well.
As an qualified edit use computer skilled is essential.
If you are determined to become an school newspaper edit, please contact with Students' Union.
I'm reading an English novel recently.But I find it's difficult to continue after I've read severe pages because there're too many new words I can't understand.I think I'm not patient enough to finish reading this book but I want to challenge myself.
I hope that I would achieve my goal.
At morden days,with the progress of the economy and the prosperity of the society,more and more people pay more attention to quanlity of their lives.Thus,the problem that should the golden week vacation be terminated is debated heatly.
For the phenomenon,different people have different opinions,the people who insist that the golden week vacation should not be terminated,the reason why they think it is that the golden week vacation can make people relax and have more time to do things which they want to do.However,the people who against it think that the golden week vacation will be waste of time,and at the moment,the number of traveling people must be vast,with the problem of safe coming.
In the opinion of mine,every coin has two sides.To start with,the vacatiion are used to remerbering some special festival.Besides,when the golden week vacation coming we can have sufficient time to do meaningful things and go wherever we want.The last but not least,we need vacation like these to relaxe our tired mental and physical.
Restaurant Reservation means to ensure that guests have a seat in the restaurant after restaurant to call in advance to reserve a seat, restaurant bookings can also be scheduled to the restaurant in person, online booking and telephone reservations.
Book the restaurant has many benefits, there are scheduled guests can let the waiter is more prepared to meet the guests and service make guests feel Restaurant efficiency and service are very good.
For guests, book in advance to ensure that position for themselves, do not worry about the position after the restaurant did not worry, you can tell them your own special requirements , you can get a better service experience.
Reservation Procedure of Restaurant, first please call the restaurant and must know it's address.
second According to their own needs can be made in person at the restaurant Reservations will be their various requirements are raised, so the restaurant ready for themselves.
Or call to restaurant reservations.
I think the restaurant can set a Reserve Department of the project to provide some entertainment for those who do not want to wait for seats scheduled but guests can introduce guests to the hotel is fully booked when other restaurant, waiting for the seat to provide some special guests can drink water as compensation.
Miss Susan Hobson, She is my secretary in my office for two years, and during her work, work very hard, do theirs job, the person also is honest, in my opinion she is a competent secretary.
At the same time she is also very good order of English and German, fluent oral English, can work most of the interpretation.
I'm very pleased with her work, I am also very trust to her.
I hope she can continue to work hard,So if you can hire her, then she can make a big help to you.
You hire her you won't regret it.
So you rest assured to hire.
Last Sunday my parents went to my hometown to visit my grandfather and grandmother.
So I must stay at home by myself.
I like freedom.
So at first,I was very excited, because no one can control my actions.
I can do everything that I like.
So,I opening the mibbrephoneand play computer games all the morning.
I was really happy.
After you left home village, it is obvious that our hometown has changed a lot.
To a great extent, our living standards has been improved.
Therefore, a large number of inhabitants have got larger and bigger rooms.
Other people have moved into apartments, which has complete facilities.
Most of them have got electrical equipment like phones, color TVs, washers and fridges.
As for the development of environment, wide roads are now laid between villages and towns.
The villagers has owned tractors, trucks and cars.
Because of the development of economy, the education of school has improved as well.
All above owe to the fact that government pays more attention to the reconstrucotion of the contryside so that they can develop into citys.
Chinese Spring Festival celebrating the end of winter and the warmth of spring.It began in the last day of the lunar year, end in the 15th day of lunar New Year, also is the Lantern Festival.
During the Spring Festival, people use red lantern and Spring Festival couplets decorate a house, put on all kinds of colored clothes, often visit friends and relatives or together eat dumplings, fish, meat and other delicious food.
The children are looking forward to receiving red envelope money, and together they play each other the fireworks with happy.
Street with dragon and lion dance and some other carnival activities, CCTV will held the grand Spring Festival gala.
In recent years,it has become a trendency that tourists visit famous campus,making university campus a new popular choice for travelling.Taking such kind of situation in account,different people hold different views.
Some vote for it for the fact that university campus always can come with breathtaking scenery or some buildings that contain special meanings,leading to the fact that you'll lose yourselves and enjoy academic atmosphere.Nevertheless,some complain about the phenomenon and tried strongly to convince people that it will eventually make the university much more commercial and the students have difficulty immersing themselves in study.
In my point of view,university campus can be open to tourists with a limitation.Visiting famous campus provide people with a completely different feeling from others.In addition,children can be encouraged by the inspiring atmosphere.Only in this way can we develop with less harm but more prospects.
The students of our school had a discussion about if the listening test in the National Matriculation English Test should be abandoned.The results are as follows.
The students who hold an idea of keeping the listening test think that listening is important.Listening is one of the four skills of language,so it cannot be ignored.We get information by means of listening and with the developing of international cooperation,the ability of listening and speaking needs improving.
However, other students are in favour of canceling the listening test.They find it unfair to have different quality of listening indifferent places.It's obivious that English teachers and language equipments are different between cities and countries.Not everyone has to communicate with foriegners face to face if we look further.
As a political irony novelist, Orwell adhere to the method that "writing political into an art".
So his article treat distinct anti-imperialist anti-colonial as the theme.
He abandoned the excitement like a fighting talk, and adopted an objective and calm, reserved narrative style, plain and fresh style of language.
His uses various forms of analogy and comparison to get the reader to understand colonialist exploitation of the colonists, and expose its cold-blooded and greed govern, which struck a chord with readers.
The abundant intension of the Marrakesh is presented by meaningful analogy and multi-level or multi-angle comparison.
Analogy is a special technique of a common comparison development pattern in writing.
But it unlike simile or metaphor, which usually concentrates on one point of resemblance, analogy draws a parallel between two unlike things that have several common qualities of points of resemblance.
In Marrakesh, Orwell shows six almost unrelated scenes, which are the corpse scene, the gazelle-Arabian scene, the Jew-cigarette scene, the landscape scene, the donkey-women scene, and the bird-soldier scene.
The author has used the various analogies: compare Marrakech people to bees and coral insect, compare Jewish child to flies, compare the booth of Jewish to cave, and compare the white Superior rulers to the white bird soaring high.
This question also reflects the ruled Marrakech people like dirt, worm, small and insignificant without the human need respect they deserved colonialists eyes.
Fly to people's impression is dirty and disgusting.
Orwell compared the delicate bright children in Marrakech to fly, delivered the Jewish children poor living environment, behind the medical facility and the attention almost zero.
In the second scenario, when the author is using bread to feed a gazelle.
The Arab migrant worker work on a nearby trail put down the heavy hoe and came shyly by side.
When the author gave him a piece, he hides the bread to rags close-fitting and place gratefully.
In white eyes, bread is so ordinary that can feed the animals.
Local people see it as a rare treasure.
They hide back the bread to share with family.
In fact, these breads were the colonists produced by hard work.
In this paper, Orwell transfers feelings to readers through the contrast and analogy.
The author took pains to elaborate the tragic fate of the donkey.
The unfortunate fate of the donkey makes the author, a white, feel very angry.
Every reader can make a comparison in the heart.
Readers will feel anger and hate colonists and imperialists naturally.
With the development of our society economy,our environment is becoming more and more terrible.Global warming is one of the most serious environment issues.
However,what causes global warming?I think that if we intend to solve it we must find the causes.The co2 soar is always considered the main reason.Many industrial factories use fossil fuelto product.As a result,co2 becomes more and more in the air and even makes up about 70% of the greenhouse gases.So the climate has been getting warmer and warmer in recent years.
it.Global warming will cause the sea level to rise and it will bring many natural disasters as well,such as flood,droughts and hurricane.You can just imagine that terrifying scene.So we must think of effective measures to solve it at once.
First,I think reducing the use of fossil fuel is the most effective way.Second,we should better create clean energy so that we can use clean energy instead of fossil fuel.In this way,I think co2 can reduce rapidly.Third,we should planted more trees to keep the air clean ang lan-scape design for enviroment mental purpose as well.Is not it a wonderful idea?What is more,I think there is still a long way to go before we can see a beautiful environment again.So we all should do it from our own and stick out.Let us work together to protect our environment.I believe that our wold will become more and more beautiful in terms of our hard work.
Tracy.
Introverted, kind, easygoing.
Eating, smiling, thinking.
Relative of an extracurricular football player.
Who loves to play ball games.
Who needs a gentle and quiet girl to accompany him.
Who wants to be as wealthy as Tony Stark.
Who dislikes noise.
Who used to dream of becoming the best wing forward in China.
But above all, who is very sincere.
Resident of the famous freshwater lake--Tai Lake.
He is such an innocent and pure boy.
The problem with chinese food safety is worrying in recent years.More and more people have to go to hospital, beacuse of it.
And some peoples because not clean food lost life.Look back before the case, some of dense local food safety problems more harmful.For example schools.so,Food safety to the society and people life can bring bad effects.We must take the problem seriously.
To the food safety problem, we must more alert.Don't eat not to clean food,Not covet petty gain.If have a problem of food to the relevant departments to immediately reaction.Only if all people do to solve the problem of food security.
Museums are an indispensable part of a city.They present an extraordinary and significative period of history.
Actually,they work as an album rather than just a storeroom for old stories because they facilitate people in remembering the past .Currently, there is a growing tendency for many museums to open to the public for free .They are trying to help people realize that museums play an important role in the development of the society and urging them to learn more about the past.
However,free admission to museums inevitably brings about a set of problems at the same time .On one hand,the safety of the historical relics will be in danger for everyone including the bad people who have an ulterior motive can come and be close to them .On the other hand ,free admission will attract so many people that there have to be more workers there serving them and maintaining order which will surely increase the museums' financial burden.
From my standpoint, it is truly a good deed because every individual, no matter he is young or old,poor or rich,have access to the history.
Only when they know the past better can they strive for a brighter future.
Nowadays,A variety of electives is set up in the universities.
choice different electives for themselves.Because a lot of students are not in the same major.so they choose many electives that related to their major, and many students choose the electives which they are interested.
For some, practical skills are the essence of the college education, and therefore, courses on computer science, marketing, and finance is highly preferred.
On the other hand, others may hold the idea of the liberal education and electives concerning literature, history, and philosophy are the most welcome.
In my case,I choiced the electives which I am interested.In my opinion, Many electives can increase my knowledge, let us learn more.Beside I can learn many different things.In different areas have different things to learn.
At the same time, I can contact all kinds of people.
With the development of the Internet, online shopping is become more popular in our daily life.It also has made a great change on the shopping methods.
It seems that people is prefer to shop on the Internet rather than the normal ways.
More and more people are becoming fond of this approachs because it is very convenient for us.For instance, they needn't to go shopping in shops which are far from their home.On the contrary, they can finish all the things only use their fingers, which can also avoid the sun and rain at the same time.Therefore we can save more time and more money to handle other things.
But as every coin has two sides, nobody can say that online shopping is more perfect.Everything has its own disadvantages and advantages.
So does Online shopping.On one hand, it approves us cheap things, on the other hand, most of the cheap things have a poor quality.What's worse, same of the pictures and descriptions which provided by the online shops are not credible.It is more likely that we are cheated by others.
In one word, consumers should pay more attention whether the online shop is reliable.We can not only observe the convenient and simple.
We must make sure every trade we made is safe and useful, and avoid the possible troubles.What's more, make every one of us to be an online shopping expert.
Foreign language training is pretty radical in a multinational company,which plays a vital role in entrepreneurship development.
In order to communicate and establish business relationship with foreign companies much perfect,each staff should attend the foreign language training class held on Monday.
Please attend the course on time.
with the development of the economic, we have a good life and there are some difference compared with past.
such as the way of life, entertainment,wearing,working and so on.
Let's look first at the changes in the way of life.
In the past, people ate potatoes, swwet potato ect, people always had three meals a day together, after eating, they could watch TV, chat, harmony of family.
but now, people seldom eat together, they choose meals that are easy to prepare or are already perpared.
fast food, takeout and heat-and-serve dishs make up mnch of the modern chinese diet, people seldom get together after eating, so the generation is exist and so on.
The second changes is entertainment.
In the past, there seldom appeared mobile phone and computer.
but now, most people have a mobile phone one by one, every family have TVs and computers, some young people go to bar in the evening.
The third changes is wearing.
In the past, people wore very conservative.
but now, people wear more and more stly, popular,shors, condole belt, they dress up more and more beautiful.
One year ago, I was a freshman and my college life was extremely boring and empty.
One year later, when I was at a loss what to do, a happy and significant thing happened to me in this vocation.
I spent my summer time in doing as a waiter in a medium-sized restaurant.
I earned 1200 yuan eventually.
After several days later, it took me 300 yuan to visit the Welfare House which is remarkably closed to my home to help those in need.
When I got there, I taught some orphans to draw pictures, write articles and sing songs.
Besides, I helped the old men to wash their bodies and clothes.
I was exceedingly pleasant to do what I think is not very difficult for me.
It was at that time that I recognized we would never get a chance like this again and we became determined not to stick to it.
Time ran away quickly,and a new term began,students all returned to school and met each other again.
They were talking about what they had done in summer vocation.
CCIT full name is Changchun Institure of Technology .In present ,the,school has loch east campus and Huxi campus two campus.The school establish in the 1953s.The school is attached to the people of Jilin province goverment.the school is powerful teachers strength and good teaching environment.The school consists of three schools merged.The school motto"understand quality to far away,just do it"The college has a very library .The library has a quality of books and favorable study environment.
We will attract and welcome to CCIT.
From the picture, we can know the fact that the man is planning to play games, only to find his password had been stolen.
And there is no doubt that stealing password has been a heated topic among human especially teenagers who are addicted to computer games.
