It was amazing that I began to like the river a little instead of being afraid of it.
My father suddenly appeared.
my father told me, "listen carefully, life shrinksor expends in proportion to our courage.
The saying father told me I will remember forever.
And I have learned so much from that experience.
I will be courageous no matter what I encounter, even in dreams.
There are many funny places in our school.
For example,the football playground, the classroom,the experiment room.
But my favorite place is School,s read room.
Our school,s read room is very big and bright.
In the read room, people know how to restrict themselves,behaved more politely,and it is a good place for you to read plenty of novels and study your own subjects.
I am used to hang out in the read room after school,because even I go home,I may not have the mood or conditions to finish my homework,and it is a good place for you to meet some friend who have something in common and we can share experience on study or other subjects.
Now I'd like to share the ideal jobs of our group members with all of you.
First,let me introduce Li Hua's ideal job.She wants to be a fashion designer.Painting is her favourite hooby and she is good at it.She likes designing beautiful trappings.
Chang Li Li dreams to be a.gardener.She is fond of plants.Expecially flowers,she thinks they are beautiful and can decorate the city.She wants to make the city more beautiful!
Ma Kai likes writing and he prefer to sharing his storys to others people.He belives he can become a good writer.
Cook is Sun Jun's favourate job.He is interested in cooking and can do.some superb cuisine.
I like math very much so I want to be a mathematician.I like the feeling that work out a difficult question.These are my group members ideal jobs.I wish our dream can come ture!
Volunteer is one of the most respectful work in the world.
Warm-hearted people not only show their own virtues but also arise this spirit of love in others' mind through volunteer work.
It's very proud of me that I've also been a volunteer and helped the old.
That was a Saturday morning with comfortable breeze and warm sunshine.
I and my team were walking towards the gerocomium, excited and a little bit nervous.
It was our first time to do volunteer work and we' ve been asked to keep the old company.
Thus we have prepared several programs.
We were not sure whether they would like them.
But when we saw the old welcoming us with warm smiles, all those negative thoughts disappeared.
We first chated for a while and then each of us performed our programs.
Some students sang songs and some recited poems.
I also sang an English song which I have prepared for nearly a month.
In the end all of us played a game with the grannys and had a really unforgettable time.
Some people may think that volunteer work means paying with nothing return.
But I would like to make it clear that volumteers will also gain some important things which are of vital importance to our future.
Through volunteer work I gained confidence and happiness.
The encouragement from the old makes me more self-confident and thus offered me the chance to perform in front of the audience in the drama now.
It also gave me happiness and love, which are the most precious things in our life.
To be short, volunteer work is a two-way street.
Both volunteers and those who needs help will benefit from it.
With the development of the society, people pay more and more attention to education.
As a result, thousands of students join in various examinations.
However, some students have been discovered cheating on their exams.
Some of them copy from each other, some took out their textbooks or reference books to copy, some copied from small pieces of paper on which they had prepared for the exam, still some used the modern communication tools such as BP, mobile phones as a way to cheat on exams.
as we all foreknow cheating in exam is prohibited in schools.
There are three factors for this.
First, it results in an unfair competition and will destroy the creativity of those bright students.
Second, it will devastate the students' self-confidence in the long run.
Third, under that kind of circumstances, the students graduated from the schools will not be the one who can meet the need of the society.
finally, cheating in exam is a quite foolish behaviour, It is sure to cheat yourself, high score makes you thinks too highly of yourself while it does not show your ture level.
In my opinion, there are two ways we can adopt.
First, a severe punishment should be put into effect to prevent students from cheating.
Different people have different advice on group cooperative learning.
It is hold by some people that group cooperative learning is good.
Those who hold the opinion think that group cooperative learning could help someone to study hard.
What's more, it can help them to learn how to help others.
In addition,it can develop cooperative awareness.
However, it is hold by others that cooperative learning is unfavorable.
Those who hold the opposite opinion think that cooperative learning maybe can let someone talk with other on the classroom.
And someone probably reply on others.
As far as I'm concerned,I think the group cooperative learning is good.
Because I think it can let me learn something from other students.
Furthermore, it can let me study well.
In a word, I am in favor of the group cooperative learning.
Nowadays, the mobile phone has become people's necessities.
And with the development of technology, the function of the mobile phone is more and more.
However, this kind of situation is good, but there are also drawbacks.
Through the picture, we can see that these four people are ready for dinner.
And they may be family or friends.
Nevertheless, we can clearly see that there is no conversation between them.
They all take their mobile phones and seeing the phone, without any eye contact.
Obviously, they are not playing games with others.
From the picture, we can realize that the mobile phone takes a great influence on people's lives.
And we can know that using a mobile phone also has many bad effects.
People are addicted to the virtual world, and the communication between family and friends becomes less and less, which leads to the feeling becomes very light.
On the other hand, playing mobile phone is not conducive to the health of the eye and other physical health.
Mobile phones for people mainly as a communication tool, and cannot become the focus of life.
Communication between people is an important part of social life.
When learning and work, friends or family, they all need to communicate.
Communication can be strong the feeling.
However, addicted to playing the phone will only cause the feelings of light.
In a word, mobile phones should be reasonably used.
To be innovative or not,this is a question dating back to the beggening of human civilazition.The step of innovation is always heavy,as the end of your try is unkown.And in some ways,people is scard of getting innovation by this reason.Tomato is a kind of delicous fruit and also a kind of vegetable fulled with nutration that people needs.But while we call it tomato,it also has another name we can never link it with - "Devil apple".In old days,tomato was a kind of decorative plant in Spanish Royal becausse of its beautiful shape and color.It's red just look like blood and fire and it made people imagine of devil in a first second.So people never tried to eat or even taste it as they thouht they would die.A hungry dying young man ate it that made him back to earth by accident.He told others tomato is a delicious food,but others don't believe.Others thout he was crazy and kept away from him.He wanted to make others belive in him.So he made a tank of tomato soup in a crowded sreet.People was attarked by its tasty smell.He invited others to tast it but no one did.But after the first one tasted it,people was amazing that he was alive and was enioy of the soup,and then people all tasted it.As time goes by,tomato has became a popular food that everyone like it.
So many ancient histories tell us,"The rule is born to be broken.
"Sometimes we just need a little courage to make new things happen.And sometimes,a small new thing can even make the world different.
The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day.
We should not pass them up easily.
As an old saying says "The early bird catches the worm" reminds us that if people want to be triumphant and outstanding.They must plan ahead of time and make their efforts to overcome all the possible difficulties.
Image that I am a bird.
Every morning, I get up early.
The sunshine is around me, I fly into the forest or field, I find big green worms sleeping on the leaves.
They are my delicious food, Every day is lovely and comfortable.
How happy I am.
Then, let's image that I'm another bird.
When the sun rises in the sky highly, I have to get up because of hunger.
I drag myself to find some food just for not being starving, but few worms can be found.
I spend the day unhappily and hungrily.
Now we appreciate, the proverb tell us to be hard-working, to do every thing early.
In the usual day, we should work plan in advance, otherwise ,if there was an accident, we will have no idea what should we do.
Do things later than others in the first time, then we will behind them all the time, in the end, we lose, and we will be said have no ability by others ,this situation will become more and more worse.
On the contrary, if we planed in advance, and do them earlier, then we will be more satisfactory.
For example, the Chinese athletes' excellent performance in 2010 Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver is definitely the result of their early planning and hard training.
If they don' t set the aim and word work, even though they have the best talents, they can't compete with others and get more medals.
In one word, the saying shows us the importance of planning, working hard and constantly trying.Plan earlier, do earlier, we will be successful and outstanding.
There's many valuable things in our life .Money,wisdom,truth,power and beauty are all very useful and attractive.But as my perspective,with no doubt that wisdom is the most important thing among them.
absolutely the most important ,or others think truth ,power and beauty is the first choice.Now,let me tell you the fact.If you have no money,you can earn it by wisdom;if you are confused in life,you can overcome it by your wisdom but not abstract truth;if you desire power,wisdom can help gain it;if you admire beauty,wisdom makes you beautiful not only apperance but also inner.
Second,why wisdom is more powerful?The reason it what?How it works?Take city construction as an example,large amount of money is necessary,but how to make full use of it without wasting needs big wisdom.Properly distributing and bravely investing are thanks to wisdom.In the 21th century,such magnificent wonders as The Oriental Pearl TV Tower are built to decorate our wonderful city,which are all thanks to wisdom.
In the final,wisdom exists in our mind.Human is the highest level in animals and have the highest intelligence.If we stimulate our wisdom at the bottom of our heart,one by one miracles will be created in the near future!
As the first language in the word, English impact on our lives is also growing.
So it becomes more and more important.
If we want to learn English, we have to learn English writing.
Firstly, English writing is also an efficient approach to communication.
As we know, in the English-speaking countries, most emails are writing in English.
And chatting on the net also is to communicate in English.
So, if we want to in line with international standards, would have to learn English writing.
Secondly, it is one of basic skills for an internationalized talent.
Now, the world becomes smaller and smaller.
We need to go abroad to war the world.
And if you want to achievement in the world, you want to have a good communication with others.
As the first point, English writing is an efficient approach to communication.
Thirdly, it means of self-marking in today's fierce competition.
In today's increasingly competitive in the field of the world, and talent is also very popular.
And combined with the mentioned in the first two of these, if you want to stand, you must learn English writing, for better communication, becoming an international talent, could have a place in the international competition.
I hope we can learn English writing more and more quickly.
Learning is not difficult if you are willing to learing and know the subjects' importance and effectiveness Having a good habit of learning and tring your best will also help you with a successful learning.
Nowadays it's well-known that excessive packaging has been a phenomenon existed in the market .People frequently spend a large amount of money on the package but get the contents inside incomparable with the price.
People's being more concerned about face-saving may contribute to the popularity of the excessive packaging because they simply think that the more exquisite the appearance is, the better the gift is.
the relevant department can reinforce the management of the market,there is no doubt that the excessive packaging will decrease even disappear.
In my opinion,the excessive packaging reflects to people's psychology of showing off.The price of a gift depends on your intention rather than its packaging.The merchants should treat the customers with sincerity.I hope the phenomenon will disappear some day.
First of all, for the reading part, I have been planning to read Notre Dame de Paris, La Dame aux Camelias, A Tale of Two Cities and Le Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Actually, I like reading all types of genres, from Chinese to English.
I do not think we should treat reading as our homework, because people need that time to relax and contemplate as well.
I myself cannot guarantee that I will finish reading all those books, but I hope I will find the right one to read when necessary.
Secondly, for the group work, I personally maintain that advanced writing should be just about TEM 8.
I do enjoy those moments about setting up a workshop where we put our imagination to practice.
Here's my personal opinion: 1. write a story or a poem 2. hold a debate since some of the classmates may have done this a lot while others have never tried.
 a question-and-answer session where all kinds of questions are encouraged.
It can be about major-related study, interests, employment and travel.
Coming next is the translation part.
I have been preparing for several exams, so I do not worry about this part.
Hopefully, I will not give up after repeated exercises and for the fact that I am also learning French, I will try my best to maintain the balance between my major and my interests.
Finally, Questions about whether to study further or not and whether to work immediately or take my leap year to travel and work have been on my mind for long.
I personally will not prepare for the PG exam, but at the same time, I do need time to read more and do the same thing as those who have been preparing for further study.
It takes courage and will.
Anyway, it is lucky enough to know what I want.
I am not afraid of aging and pressure from all sides.
Either about reading or travel, I am the only one that can decide whether my dream can come true or not.
The best part of life is that you know what you want to do and I am right in the moment.
Nowaday,a host of students around us swarm to find a part-time job.
I consider these phenomena can be attributed to two general aspects.
In terms of family,if they take the part-time job,they are capable to earn some money whether for making up household spending or saving pocket money.Consequently,they can relieve the economic burden of parents.In terms of their own,the part-time jobs play an important role in enriching life experience and cultivating various abilities.In addition,their spare time is likely to be meaningful and their friend circle will expand larger.
It does not exist on the two slices of exactly the same leaves in the world.
So everyone is unique.
I am a man of perseverance and helpful which my friends wrote in the graduation guest-book.
As my friend said I want to help others in my life.
I'll stick with it until I make it.
Human beings are gregarious and can not do without the support of others.
I claim that I am a very enthusiastic person in life.
Helping others makes me feel better.
Such as, I will give my seat to the elderly and pregnant women on the bus ; I would not hesitate to lend money to my friend when he is in hardship; I often help classmates clean the dormitory.
Definitely,When I meet with difficulties, my friend will also spare no effort to help me.
Helping others is the basis of our lives.Our society will be better if we do in this way.
Another important trait is perseverance I often have a plan before I do something and set some goals.
I will go to achieve their goals one by one until the final plan to be finished.
For instance,My mathematics was not very well when I'm in high school.
In order to improve my math, I set some goals.I had to figure out a problem every day.
After a long while, I found my mathematics has been greatly improved.
In summary, Although I am a normal person, I am also a man of enthusiasm and perseverance.
I believe I'll step by step to attain my goal.
On Wednesday, Dr. Joel Meier, a professor from Indiana University's Department of Recreation, Park and Tourism Studies, set out on a three-week "teaching journey" named Leisure and Recreational Sport in which it received a warm welcome from students in Beijing Sport University's Department of Foreign Languages who were enriched by his lecture.
Dr. Meier led us to a fantastic "visual trip" through northwest coast along North America with snow-capped mountains, huge icebergs and a great variety of wild lives, including walrus, pelican, sea lion, sea otter, among others.
The most extraordinary point was that all this experience was gone through by kayak.
Fang Yun, a student in Class Two, highly praised Dr. Meier's lead-in.
"Dr. Meier's lecture attracts me so much the moment he shows us the photos about his trip in a kayak.
It's 100% unusual.
Dr. Meier further illustrated that wilderness pursuits had the right chemistry for the very best kind of recreation possible because they created heightened anticipation, required long and diligent planning, provided unique, rich and rewarding encounters in nature that involved self-sufficiency which were also of sufficient magnitude to create long-lasting memories.
It actually satisfied the basic human needs and wishes for new experience and for aesthetics.
J, a student in Class One, appreciated Dr. Meier's life style.
"I really envy his life.
I really love his life style.
To live is to experience and to gradually discover what it really means to live.
What professor has told us is true.
The whole process of anticipation, planning, participation and reflection of a journey is so exciting and intriguing.
The new course is likely to have reverberations around students who are looking forward to more new insights from the course.
This is the carton of a vivid and truthful about the homebody.
From the upper picture we can clearly see two young men, computer, mobile phone and book.I guess your eyes will be caught by the picture of the indoor man .
Behind the snail, there was a deliveryman taking the meal to the women in the snail shell.
Now, if you use Internet, all becomes a piece of cake.
Only by clucking, you will gain what you expect.
So the homebody becoming more and more common all over the world.
Homebody, in its broadest sense, is would rather stay at home than go out all day, described the housing narrow.
Along with the advance of the society more and more problems are bought to our attention, one of which is that personal housing problem.
For one thing, for many Post-80s more and more appeared "Mortgage Slave"in China, for the sake of the house back the heavy shell.Urban residents mortgage purchase caused by the pressure for a long time, affect the normal consumption.
For another thing, with the rapid population growth and advanced science and technology.
Computer is becoming more and more popular indeed.
As the proverb goes:"Intellectuals stay inside, while they know everything outside.
"There may be some truth to that.As the college graduates who are still financially dependent on their parents.To some extend, the increasingly fierce social competition and too much pressure on life also lead to the homebody.
Last but not least, Chinese basic condition and city land, shortage of capital is the core problem in the present housing problem, but at the same time, Wenzhou misssion and Shanxi mission have a great influence.
In my opinion, some drastic measures should be taken.On the one hand, we should control the growth of population to ease the housing shortage caused by homebody.
On the another hand, the government should attach great importance to stability in housing prices and strengthen market supervision.
Only through the joint efforts of personal and government to realize everyone has a real home than homebody.
In my opinion, it is their national spirit that encourages them to do so.
Their efforts not only represent the personal honor, but also represent the national honor.
In 1959, he finally beat the competition in the world table tennis championships, and won the first world champion for his country.
Then it was the first time that China has gained to the men's team title.
So I think many players work so hard because of their national spirit.
Their struggle is the reflection of the national spirit.
Through the continuous efforts of high school,I went to my idea university.I am very excited.Mind imagined college life wonderful.
When I was really into university,found that college life is not imagination of so simple.Even if very different.I still want to do well.In my university life,I will try to do a good job in every subject.Use their spare time to do some meaningful things.Such as reading,doing sports and so on.
I hope my college life rich and colourful.
Oh,dear!You have made two mistakes.First of all,you should not refuse her.you should go to the movies with her.
Then go to you speech.
or you should go and explain it to her.
you should apologize to her ,and ask her for a meal.
A month ago, I came across a ridiculous accident.
During the incident, I was not only a witness, but also narrowly got involved in it.
In my memory, it was a chilly morning, my family drove to the Natural Bath Center, which was located on the avenue named Winching that always kept in a terrible traffic jam from dawn to dusk, for a holiday.
Without a doubt, we were caught with no exception, although it was close to destination.
Since the red light was too long, we got off and decided to walk there.
As soon as we parked at the margin, a truck beside us continued turning toward our car ignoring the traffic light.
Finally, I stood in the place where the truck driver was at that moment.
I appreciate that Nina always works hard and does he effort on everything.
There are two different sides to know the unique pretty woman - Nina: school time, and working time.
The one of the most impressive memory of Nina for me is the interview of the translation and interpretation summer camp.
She tells her own story passionately to me; I can find out that Nina has much passion on translation and interpretation from her narration.
She said that, "I want to be the communicative bridge of language, I like to make new friends from different countries, but I would also admit that I have to do much hard to fill my drawbacks-" Nina is different from other students that she doesn't be afraid of speaking English; she tries her effort to express her passion on language for me, whatever she cannot be competed with the native speaker.
I can see her bright eyes of the passion on English, particularly in the end performance of the summer camp.
Nina does the presentation on the stage that she looks like not nervous and enjoy the time on it.
Moreover, I also could feel the strong passion of travel from Nina's experience.
She is the intern of the Taipei Visitor Information Center.
I also have ever visited their information center to get some tourist information, and saw Nina working there.
She uses sweet smile and greeting to welcome tourists.
Nina applies what she learned to introduce and help tourists to plan their trips.
I guess she has much fun on her works because Nina particularly tells her working experience that is much more vivid and lively.
In the end, she tells me that she wants to share the beautiful island -- Taiwan to more people constantly, so she wants to apply the station staff of MRT information center to keep the passion to continually service tourists.
All in all, I believe that you definitely find out a good employee, if you could hire her to your company.
I trust you that Nina would keep her diligent attitude to do every works in your company, and work hard to learn new things.
Good afternoon,teachers and classmates.
Welcome to this year's English speech competition.
I am Li hua,the chairman of our school union.Having waited for a year and prepared for a long time,we finally comes to this annual grand speech competition.
As we know, the capacity of delivering a speech can be an exact reflection on one's competance of thinking and speaking.Therefore,aiming at arousing our passion on English learning and developing a favorable habits that reading books broadly,we host this competition elaborately and sincerely look forward to your participation.
If you are exerted to prepare your speech now,take notice of my advices as follows.First,making sure your performance lasting no more than 5 mintues.Futhermore, Only if you can recite your speech fulently in advance will you make a better performance and thus making a careful preparation is a must.Additionally, it won't be too much to emphasize the importance an possessing self-confidence.Therefore ,don't forget to speak with a clam heart which will leave the judges a good impression.
In the future,high technigue will be filled with our life.In the school,computer will take the place of book of paper making.The student will accomplish schoolwork in the computer.Then the computer software will take the place of teacher that getting homework over for the student.In our life,the car will be on the way out.The trolleybus will replace to the car.The resident got out to take the trolleybus.We rely on the solar energy to generate electricity.The environment will be more and more good.people will be more and more well.
Money is a kind of measure that used in the equivalent exchange.
People can use it to get equivalent service and products.
Money can de divided into bank paper and hard money.
In the old days, people also used shell and gold as money.
However, nowadays, shell and gold are not used as money any more.
Nobody can deny the fact that the appearance of money makes the trade become justice and equity.
I can't conceive of what the trade will looks like if there is no money.
So here comes my opinion that money is a source.
There is a proverb in China which said "money is not everything, but without it you can do nothing".
I think the concept of the sentence is very practical.
It's true that money is not everything, because it cannot afford our human beings' requirement in emotion and spirit.
The richest person may not be the happiest one.
But at least it is able to suffice our material needs.
Money has been the indispensable part of our daily life.
We need money to get clothes to prevent our body from being naked, to get foods to prevent us from starvation, to get a house to prevent us from being attacked by our enemies, to pay for our transportation and to get an education.
It's true to my heart that I want much more money to get more education and happiness life.
I am not a sage.
I can't live with that virtue which advocates money is nothing.
As far as all we know that the economic base determines the superstructure.
Therefore, money has a very important station in our life.
There are still a lot of people who think that money is the root of all evil and problems.
I think I cannot agree with them completely.
Money doesn't have any faults itself.
The key lies in how people get and use it.
Of course, money is a useful source.
We should get it in the proper way and spend it on proper things.
According to the chart,the part-time jobs started in 1990.With the passage of time,more and more students take the part-time jobs.
Nowdays,more and more students choose to take part-time jobs in or out school.As far as I am concerned,at first,it is because the company requires candidates have work experience that students want to accumulate experience by taking part-time jobs.Secondly,Social pressure is more and more big, the students have to plan for their own future early.Then,there are so much free time in school.
Students perfer to spend the free time to take part-time jobs than stay in their own apartment.Finally,in order to reduce the pressure of parents,students choose to take the part-time jobs to earn money.
In other word, there are two aspects to the cause of this kind of result, on the one hand, is the social influence on students, on the one hand is the influence of campus life for students.
As we all know,there are more and more online courses in our lives among which there are many professional ones indeed.Continually,there are more and more people participate in this high-technical programm which make contributions to form the 'online course heat'.
There are several reasons for the formation of the 'heat'.Firstly,the development of Internet technique is the biggest contributer which is the base of online course.Secondly,people become more likely to stay at home than going outside with wasting a lot of time on the way.Thirdly,not only teenagers have a need to learn,but also many adults do.These adults don't have much time after work so having online course is the best choice.
In my view,having online course is an easy but effective action as long as there is powerful monitoring system for both the instructor and students.I can see there is a bright future waiting for online course.
Nowadays, in western countries, e-books become more and more popular, people of all walks such as students , teachers, entrepreneurs all like e-books for reading.
E-books will be necessary in the further.
The reasons are as follows.
First of all , it is convenient for us to read because e-books are very portable at any place.
Secondly, e-books have large capacity, only if we click the scree n so that we can read what we want .
Thirdly, every year people cut off a large amount of trees to produce paper , it means damage the environment seriously and don't conform to the sustainable development .
However , e-books are helpful to protect the environment.
Each coin has two sides, the disadvantages about e-books are also evident .
may be sendentary and lazy .
In a word , from my perspective ,the advantages outweigh disadvantages about e-books.
With the development of our technology , we should keep pace with the society and accept new things otherwise we are dropped behind .
After three years' hard work, you succeed in entering a good university .Though you will relax yourself and enjoy your university life.
You should never forget learning .
There are many differences between high school and university.
In university you should learn both widely and deep.It's important to develop your potention there.So you must know what you should read .
It said that if a person want to be elegant and successful, he must read properly.So I want to suggest some books to you.
The first book is "The story of the stone",which is one of the greatest books in the world.
Reading this book can give you a whole view of the past world.You can experience various people's all kinds of life and deepen the understanding of your own life.
"A message to Garcia" is the second book.
It can give you a clear idea about the enterprise success and personal development.You will know how to plan your life better.
Finally,you must read your textbooks.They contain all knowledge you need for your profession,you should never despise them.
I hope my words can have positive effects on you.
Hope to hear from you soon.
Spring Festival is the symbol of a new year in Chinese culture.
Every family member will celebrate all together to wish good luck in the net year and enjoy the happiness with relatives no matter how busy they are.
This Spring Festival I was with my parents.
A few days before the Spring Festival, my mum and I began to go shopping for the new clothes and the food we were going to use during that day.
My family cleaned everywhere in our house.
That means sweeping away bad luck.
My father and I put up extraordinary paper-cut on the windows.
On the Eve of the new year, my family sat around the table to have dunner.
Everyone wore new clothes, which means being a different situation in the next year.
The room was filled with happiness and laughter.
This is my Spring Festival.
I don't need too much delicious food or a lot of amazing clothes but the time with my family.
With the topic of"The English Novel I Like Best",a heated discussion is going on recently.So far we have got a number of enthusiastic participants.Today is their chance to show their point of view in front of us.
It's meaningful to launch this campaign,which improves your listening and speaking skills,and to some extant,makes you develop a habit of reading books about diverse fields.
It must be informed that every participant has to accomplish his or her speech within five minutes,and what's more,you would get high score if only you are considered to be fluency in speaking and accurate in pronunciation.
At last,I wish the game to be a success.
As is symbolically and apparently showed in the cartoon that some adolescences are striding forward violence with axes in their hands.Just as the caption informs,the adolescences who tend to be younger and younger are more easily committed.
This drawing reflects a thought-provoking social phenomenon which is quite common now that few people pay attention to.To begin with,with the development of science and technology,the information including many trash messages diffuses widely which is a cause of the behaviors.Furthermore,more and more families have only one child and the parents give then too mich love,overlooking the education of children though.Most importantly,the younger students can not receive legal education in poor areas.It is the education based on the legal and moral that families and school should focus on.
From my perspective,the phenomenon of adolescence crimes should not be neglected.On one hand,the schools should take steps to encourage children to concentrate on good qualities which help them succeed.On the other hand,the families should pay more attention to children's moral and legal education.Only through this way can reduce the rate of Juvenile delinquency and help them have a bright future.
Whether student takes mobile phone to school, this is my opinion.
The benefit of taking mobile phone to school, that students can keep in touch with their parents and friends for convenience.
Besides, when students after studying, mobile phone can bring some fun.
But there are some questions either.
If some one using mobile phone in class will affect other students.
Chatting in the mobile phone both waste time and waste money.
The worst of using mobile phone to cheat when the exam is unfair to other students.
So, I have some suggestions.
First, don't use the mobile phone in class.
Second, stop cheating in exams and playing games.
Last, we should safe keep our phones because it is valuables.
Now the income gap is getting wider and wider.
Faced with this situation, people will undoubtedly have different opinions.
Some believe that it benefits the social and economic development since driving force is often derived from the gap.
In other words , the gap inspires people and gives a push to advancement.
Other speak of its side effect: income gap is often the root of social unrest and also contrary to our country's principle.
From my point of view, while it is true that the income may stimulate the social development to some extent, it causes trouble as well.
An income gap that is too wide for most people to bear can neither contribute to the stability of a country nor promote its economic development.
Therefore , while we are advocating the rapid development of our country , we should tolerate the narrow income gap but narrow the wide one.
In recent years, the domestic food safety problem is the continuing concern.Food security for society and people life to bring the adverse effect.Hunger breeds the discontentment.
Food is the human survival and development of the most basic material conditions.
In economy of our country countryman, the food industry has become the first big industry.China and the world of food safety incidents continue to occur vicious cause people attach great importance to food safety, also urges the Government to reconsider has risen to the height of national security and world countries to increase food safety supervision.However, due to the negative news about food safety, remain unchanged, in-depth follow-up report of the news media, we know that illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives, pesticide pollution.
In order to improve food safety, we should do the following.One as soon as possible to improve the system of food safety standards; to increase food for testing research and investment; to establish and improve China's food safety risk assessment system; 4, the initial establishment of food safety credit system.
My hometown is Qingdao.
The city of Qingdao is in the east of Shangdong Province.
It is famous for the blue sea and beautiful beaches.
It is a seaside city.
Gorgeous scenery is very attractive.
Every year many tourists come to visit.
There are a lot of beautiful buildings.
It's approach to the harbor.
It has developed traffic.
And It has a charming scenery.
Great changes have taken place in Qingdao in the recent years.
It has played an important part in the development of the foreign trade of our country.
It has become an international port city.
It seems that the tradition of requiring students to do written homework is being queried.
Nevertheless,any student with written homework to do has the privilege of consolidating his knowledge gained from class all the time.
You're in a new century.
In the age, students don't need to do written homework, for the reason that it is essential to reduce study load rather than bury them in books.
It all depends on self-discipline.
It is the inefficiency of teachers' teaching that we can find apparently.
Recently, some banks extend their business to university campus and offer credit cards to students.
Consequently, there is a controversial issue about whether the college students should be offered credit cards?A lot of people worry that credit cards may ring harm to students while others think credit cards is beneficial to the college students.
However, As far as I'm concerned, the college students shouldn't be offered credit cards.
Above all,as colleges students, most of the them have no economy source, they must be depend on their parents to pay for everything.
Suppose they are provided the credit cares, they will bring heavy economic pressure for their parents if they are excessive consumption.
In addition to,some students find it very easy to exceed their budget, they are tempted to purchase goods that they do not really need, therefore, as time goes by, they gradually become "card slave".
Last but not least, credit card is relatively advanced consumption idea, however, once they forget to pay bills after they use credit cards, which will produce penalty, it's more difficult to students who haven't strong ability to repay, meanwhile, it will also bring a great deal of repayment pressure in the future.
Above all, I think the disadvantage far outweigh the advantage, as a result, the students shouldn't be offered credit cards.
Visting university campus has been rather popular with tourists today.However, people are having differing opinions about whether a university should be open to public.I believe such a travelling way bring benefits to people in various aspects despite some potential harms.
Firstly,travelling in university campus is cheaper than travelling to other viewspots.You don't need pay tickets or hire a tourguide.So much more money can be saved.
Besides it's cheaper,universities are worth visting because they provide the visitors with plenty of useful information about their features and majors.If people who are applying for college,travelling in campus can help them to know more about their ideal colleges.What's more ,immersing in a peaceful campus atmosphere may be a temporary escape from stressful daily life.
Admittedly,visiting university campus have one or two drawbacks.Sometimes vistors may distract students'attention and effect their academic performances,but as long as vistors keep quiet when visiting teaching zones,there is no need to worry.
Nowadays, there is a growing tendency that many wonderful programs on Tv, especially News Programs.
As a consequence, News Programs is my most favorite Tv Programs.
The effect is obvious.
It provides a way about what is happening on the world now.
We can know what is happening around you in your city today.
Most importantly, we can know that the current economic situation, so you can decide if you should by or sell your stocks.
Another important aspect is getting information needed for you job.
For instance, if the gasoline more expensive, you will adjust to your life.
Sometimes, thronging News Programs to know the new policy of the government.
New lows passed and so on.
More widely, we can know more about the international affairs.
Judging from all the advantages, the absurdity is obvious here.
We can arrive at the conclusion that New Programs going with us.
Because of it give me a lot of manful information, I like it and make full use of it.
Reading often has an important influence on the growth and learning of a person.
If you don't want to read, then you will understand nothing.
Reading is a very good thing.
As Confucius said that learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
And to know the person as well, as joy of those who are good.
If you want your parents proud, you should have a good reading.
Reading makes great characters one by one.
A knowledge of a giant from a book a book to start learning.
Reading can make us expand ideas, change the habits of thinking, to promote personal progress, purify the mind, cultivate one's morality raises a leisure.
At the right time, reading a good book can ignite the spark of thought, let us become more knowledgeable and enjoy reading.
Unconsciously, the reading to broaden our vision.
Unleash the infinite possibility.
Let us into the sea of reading, reading through our soul.
Under the today's society,The number of college graduates to increase gradually.The employment pressure also increasingly large,A lot of face of college is going into the work and further wandering between strands.
Cause a lot of the reasons of this phenomenon.On the one hand,social competition pressure increased,Increase the employment pressure.The ability of students to improve requirements of the company.On the other hand,I also want to graduate to improve one's deceased father grind through the ability, so as to better employment.
I think,In fact nothing can intertwine,everyone are not all the same.In between,according to your own situation to make a choice.
When I was young,my mother told me college is a good place to study and play.
So going to college is my dream what I want to come true.
I am not good at English so I want to study English well.
But we must have a good health what decided your life.
Although homework is difficult for me,I will never give up forever.
The teacher likes our parents who care about you.
I meet many good people who will be my friend in the future.
If you do this you will be a successful man.
This is my college life what I want.
University is just a new starting point in our life.
As far as I am concerned, when I saw this picture, there is no doubt that I feel so sad with the situation which showed to us.
Nowadays, more and more people are busy with their business, have less time stay with their old parents.
Therefore, more and more aged people think that they have a lonely life.
However, we should try our best to change this situation which makes them sad.
They gave us all the best to making sure we can grow up happily.
By changing the view, we should also spend more time accompanying our parents, go home frequently, and communicate more with parents to give them a peace and quiet live in their remaining years.
The vocabulary is the most unstable part of a language.
Although some words remain used today, their meanings have changed a lot.
(L. Bloomfield, 1933: 450 ).
There are several types of change: semantic broadening or extension, semantic narrowing and semantic shift (including elevation and degradation).
According to Bernard and Delbridge (1980), there is a mechanism that facilitates the change.
We can assume that whenever some new meanings are added to old words, it is in response to some need of social development.
By research on semantic changes, we may have a deeper understanding of some vocabularies we learned in study.
It is helpful and instructive to get the general ideas about those factors that show us the history of the development of English vocabulary in view of learning well the English vocabulary.
Thank you very much for your letter and enclosed literature,Which we received on thursday 7 July.
No.44/77 Is this available in white?
No.78/612 What is the discount price of this for orders of over 500 pieces?
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
How's your life in university?As for me,I have really been very well.I know you were so enthusiastic in learning.Reading was always your hobby.You've been reading various books since high school,and as you do have more freedom in university,you should really maintain this work.
Francis Bacon said"Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
"And I say,different books have different usages.Of course,you aim is to develop yourself,but that's too general.How do you develop yourself?Do you want to acquire new skills?Do you want to understand more about history?Or do you want to learn a third language?As you make your priority clear,It is time for you to choose the proper books that can help you to reach your goal.
Of course,there are some books,actually textbooks,that you can not avoid,for you are a student anyway.But don't be satisfied by only getting good grades in exams.Read something you really want to read,and it will be benefical.
Let's make our four following years meaningful.
My Enlish Writing teacher is young and energetic .
I remember having her first class more than a month ago, she made a profound impression on me.
She is not slim but pretty.
From my perspective,she is somewhere between 25 and 28 years old and not married.
Nevertheless when she told us she had an eight year old daughter, we were surprised.
To be honest, I could hardly believe my eyes at that time.
Moreove her teaching method is very interesting as well as appealing in that she teaches with rich body language.
In the classroom she is always smiling, and sometimes she shrugs and shakes her head, raises her eyebrows and winks at us.
Her class is so dynamic that I would like to have it.
Then I hold I will acquire more knowledge from her.
My English Writing teacher is very cute and I like her.
As far as I am considered , she is not a teacher but a companion .
In the fall of our final year,the relaxed atmosphere had disappeared,and we all started to work hard.Furthermore,at the back of everyone's mind was what we would do next after graduation.So did I.
As for me, I wanted to travel, and I intended to be a writer.
Nonetheless,my father wanted me to go to law school, and follow his path through life.
However,he supported what I wanted by watching the crabs with me.
The next day morning,we went to catch crabs.At the same time,I saw the cage was full of crabs.
One of them was trying to escape, nonetheless each time it reached the top the other crabs pulled him back.
So in the end it gave up and started to prevent other crabs from escaping.
Eventually,I understood why my father had suggested catching crabs that morning.Actually,my father wanted to told me not to be pulled back by others.Besides,look back at the classes you're taking, and think about which ones were most productive for you personally.Moreover,get to know myself well before I make any major decision for my future.
Chinese dama can be selected as one of the buzzwords.
They purchased gold and performed the square dance in front of the Louvre became a heated discussion.
I don't think it is bright to do so.
In reality, if we turn a blind eye to this, perhaps one day, Chinese dama can be a secret weapon.
The first thing comes up in my mind is the purchase of gold last year, and I think it will hold back economic progress.
Chinese dama is ordinary people, but they are closely linked to the country' policies, and is crucial to grasp the pulse of Chinese economy.
In this issue, dama became a prime force influencing the global fair.
Of course we are not.
China is still a developing country, although our economy has become much better since the reform and opening-up policy, there are still many developed countries whom are much stronger than us.
Nevertheless, only Chinese dama bought so much gold just because they thought gold was valuable forever.
They didn't ponder the real function of them.
Maybe in the past, they blamed their Children for the wasting of money, now they just do the same.
And this is only an example , if they still do similar things, I am afraid that Chinese economy will face a serious problem, because a marvelous amount of money are wasted in such unnecessary things.
Second, it will be bad for Chinese character.
Dama's craze for the square dance can be attributed to the social environment and their experiences.
Social transition sees the co-existence of all kinds of mentalities and we can also appreciate that.
But they performed the square dance in the front of the Louvre, then they have indeed given group dance form with Chinese character a bad name.
In my perspective, group dance is a good way to exercise and keep fit, and it is also a convenient way to relax themselves if they dance in a right place.
From what has been discussed above, we can see the Chinese dama is not lack of cash or time, but they lack of thought.
If they think twice before they do something, all the things will be much easier.
So let's pull together to make our society more harmonious and think more about the common wealth of our whole country.
Nowadays,lateness is a very serious problem.Some people are always late for school,for work,or for any appointment,no matter how important it is.It is impolite.So,in my views,we should try our best to avoid being late.The followings are some suggestions of mine.
First, we can make an early alarm clock to avoid lateness.Making an earily clock can help us avoid the emergency things.We also can make good use of the time that is extra.The most important thing is that we can avoid traffic jam.Second,we should sleep early at night so that we can get up early at morning.Having a good sleep is good for our life.If we stay up at night and we won't get up early next morning.Third, we can make a time schedule to let us be more punctual.If we follow the time schedule,we may not be late anymore.
In today's society,lateness is everywhere ,what we can do is to avoid this phenomenon.After all,lateness is impolite to others.In a word,lateness must be prohibited.
In China,all students face the reality that they study for the exam not for themselves.The chinese learning style pay much attention on the score and teaching not learning.What's more,the chinese are used to ignoring the creativity which on children'brain.When children are in trouble,parents usually help and let children follow them.
Nowadays,we can find the gap between the east and the west because of education.The chinese learning style will make children do in the right way but lack creativity.Following teaching,children are lazy of thinking and look forward to announcing the answer.In addition,this style hinder the social development.
In my view, It's so important that the chinese learning style is creative.Although we have to adapt to this style,we prefer learning in free.I suppose that we need to liberia of personality to improve the ability to do something.
Nowadays,working or studying in the library is fashionable in our daily life .But when the population in the library increases,the problem comes out.
we usually can see somebody use the mobile phone in the library.They maybe playing the games with not turn off the sounds or communicate with others with loud voice.
This kings of conducts will effect others in the library who are working or studying ,but they don't care about it .
Because there is no rules in the library about this kind of problems.
So i think ,if we want to solve the problems about someone maybe use the mobile phones in the library ,we must institution some rules about it.
Then we can avoid this kind of bad habits.
A boy played with the apple tree when he was a child.One day ,the boy want to buy a toy, and the tree agree the boy to pick apples from it.But the boy didn't return.
long time later, the boy returned to ask the tree give him the trunks and branches to buit the boat and a house.
At last, the boy returned again but he was old.He don't need anything and just stay to relax with the tree.
I think the apple tree was very kind ,it gave boy anything it had.
But in this social, it is too easy to cheat.If the boy took the apples, branches,and trunks and never return, the tree will lose much things,not only the substances, but also the friendship,its mind.Friendship is very important.If I am the appletree, I will not give the boy anything, even he is the integrity of anything.
sometimes the more people you trust, the more losses you will get.
Acccording, to this article, we can learn much things .The friendship should keep.And if you want the friendship ,you need much time.Friendship should lost, if you can lost, you can get harvest.
Harvest and lost, the most important things from friendship.
We are glad to advise you the captioned goods of J-29 confirmation have been shipped by S.S. ''pearl" .And it will be transferred by S.S. ''May Flower" in Hong Kong.
This deal is made with cost and freight.
we have dispatched fax on 15 March,2013 so that you can arrange the relative insurance in time .We hope this arrangement will meet with your satisfactory.
My first trip to Jixian County when I was seven years old.I went there by car with my mother,my father and my brother.The air is fresh and the river is very clear.I went fishing with my dad over there and picked lots of fruit.I saw a lot of hills and streams near the hotel where I stayed.There are many trees on the hills.That's very beautiful.I wanted to climb the hills.But my mother didn't allowed me to do that.She think that that's very dangerous.We eat eggs,fish,roast lamb and chicken.The people in Jixian County is very kind and friendly.They give us some hawthorns when we left there.I really enjoyed the trip.I'll go there again in the future.
I thank most person is my mother.
Mother is the most like scarf.
So I want to give her a beautiful scarf.
She gives us life.
When I was a child.
Mother has been taking care of us.
She had lots of white hair.
So we can't make trouble for mom.
We need to study hard.
Don't let him worry.
Mr. Wang is our math teacher.
The first impression of him is that he is strict as it was the first day in senior school.
And I was worried about how to set up a well relationship with him.
Now, all of us know that he is serious and strict with us and doesn't smile much.
The students who late for school were less and less and we do it immediately what he asks to do.
But he explains the things we were learning really organized so that I feel I'm going to make progress with him and my work are improving.
Although he is strict with us, but most of us really appreciate him and I have respect for him.
Shi Maguang is a famous people in Chinese history, there is a story about his childhood.
When he was seven, he played the hide-and-seek with his friends in the garden.
Suddenly a boy fell into a water-filled tank, so children was scared to cry, some of other went for help.
At that time, only Shi Maguang very dispassionate, he asked the children to crash a big stone to the tank.
By the crash from stone, the tank broken and the boy who fell into tank pour out.
Adult was surprised to Shi Maguang and commended his wisedom.
I was so surprised that Shi Maguang's wisedem and dispassionate.
Along with the social economic development, people's life constantly improved, more and more people are pursuing brand.
College students are the most.
Or people may ask you what famous brand you like most and so on.
It's quite common to hear and see university students swapping information about the brands they like and the products they use.
They learn about the latest fashion from each other, exchange tips about when and where to get the item, and buy it at their earliest convenience.
About this current mindset of the college students, many people may hasten to show their disapproval.
They'll probably take it to be a reflection of the students' vanity and superficiality.
But a lot of people objected on college students' pursuit of brand.
As far as I am concerned, I beg to differ.
For one thing, name-brand products are usually quality products.
They are something beautiful, endurable, and reliable.
"The love of beauty is common to all, " goes the proverb; therefore, there's nothing to blame about the pursuit of famous brands.
For the other, college students are old enough to make their own decisions.
Likewise, they must abide by the consequences if they make an ill-advised one.
If they let their pursuit of brands eating into their budget for other more important issues, they should be able to correct their mistakes and keep everything in moderation.
So I think it becomes no other than a good chance to learn management.
There is a big garden in our community.There are some flowers in it.And there ia a big grasses in our community,too.
There is a bookstore,supermarket and a library close to our community.
I live on the second floor.There are three bedrooms,a kitchen,a bathroom and a living room.My bedroom is small,but it's very clean.My mother often cooks for us in the kitchen.
She is a compere and a chairman of the board of directors of a company.
She was in Beijing's bidding for the Olympic Games.
And she was representing the Shanghai Expo.
She saw China embracing the world .
Her name is Yang Lan .
A great person in my mind .
Of course a great person in the world .
She has an impressive diverse range of experience .
But you ask her what make her has a big change and she must tell you that knowledge change fate , And she has ever said three things were impressive to her , The first , she was grateful for her parents .Because they gave her a nice family which is full of love .The second , she got an entrance to CCTV.
She became the winner of 1000 interviewees .
And it made her find what she was interested in actually.
The last one, she went abroad to study.
Not only she has learned knowledge ,but also some acquaintances and western thoughts.
After I knew of her, I respected her.
And I think her success is not occasional but necessary.
Because of her wisdom ,her fertile experience , her personality .
She once said that a 20-year-old guy is a beautiful one and should learn how to definite himself or herself ,and gain some skills and personalities.
To find out a dream and make great efforts to realize your dream.
This paragraph is wrote in my heart.
And I will do any thing to make my dream come true .
It is my describe about a successful person.
And I will try to stand at a height the same as her .
After reading this lecture, I deeply feel the charm of Churchill as a statesman and orator , no wonder he was awarded as "the greatest Englishman" by the British BBC.
This speech can be seen how clever Churchill is .
It was very successful, mainly due to the power of language can not be underestimated.
The words are so nichetargeting, by applying a large number of words repeated emphasis on his view.
As the British government was announced its position, Churchill said: "We are resolved to destroy Hitler and every vestige of the Nazi regime.
From this nothing will turn us - nothing.
And the speech was used a lot of parallelism sentence, using a series of "I see" to show the high-handed and cruel of the Nazi regime.
All in all, this speech is very appealing, as for me, a politician should have good presentation skills, Political success is often inseparable from the ability of speech.
Churchill is such a person.
This week, a discussion called 'Shall we keep animals in zoos ' was held in our English class.
Most of classmates showed great thoughts in this discussion.
Forty percent of students thought that animals should be kept in zoos, because visitors can see different kinds of animals and animals are able to be taken good care of.
As the negative side, sixty percent of students would like not to keep animals in zoos.
The reason was that they thought animals will prefer living in natural environment to staying in zoos.
In their opinions, animals in zoos aren't free enough to do many things such as running, playing with other animals.
To my mind, I agreed with the negative side.
Animals should live in the wild so that they can improve their living skills.
The animals in zoos will never have the ability to find food on their own, so they are very frail.
Besides, animals prefer freedom to delicious food or safe places.
It's important for them to live in the wild.
In order to protect animals, we can do the following things: First, we should stop polluting the environment and do something to protect the places where animals live in.
Second, if you find somebody hurts the animals, especially endangered animals, call the police at once.
Third, refuse to use things which are made of animals fur or teeth.
This discussion has taught us a lot.
I hope one day all people can work together to protect animals.
A survey has been made among the students in some schools.
The result shows that more than 50% students tell their friends and classmates about their trouble, but only 10% solve the problems by themselves, the others usually communicate with their parents.
I am one of them.
When I was a child,I could only depend on my father.
I was so young that I have nothing to do .
With the time going,I was growing up slowly.I can do something by myself gradually.So I want to do them.However,My father thought I still was a child.He didn't allow me to do what I want.I could also depend on my father.
After the moment we talk.
I must depend on myself , not always think that I have an other way to solve the problems .
Especially the examination , it's been long ago .
But I must recognize that I have cheat myself , now I controlled myself not to copy other's answer.
Dear Sir or Madam, I am writing to recommend a book,and it is written by Romain Rolland full-length novel of John Christoph.
Recommend this book the reason is as follows.
First, Romain Rolland is a famous French thinker, writer, music critic, represents the highest level of French literature.
Help people further understand the French literature.
Second, this is the first full-length novel on the subject of humanitarian and heroism.
In 1915, the author relies on the work the Nobel Prize for literature.
This is my very like a novel.
I sincerely recommend the book.
Hoping to enjoy together with you.
The saying "the early bird catches the worm" describes a person who is diligent that he or she achieves the success earlier than other people.
Here is a real example in my daily life.
I didn't do well in English when I was a junior student.So I determined to have my language-learning ability improved.Then I seriously design a schedule with my family.
Every morning my mother turns on the radio with a text cassette to ask me to listen and write down the passage which the radio broadcast .And my aunt who is an English teacher in middle school employs English to communicate with me .In this way she creates an English-speaking environment.What about my father ?He goes to the bookstore to choose many useful reference books in order to help me with my poor written English.
The plan was last for more than three months.Certainly I improved my English skills.It probably indicates the proverb which is mentioned at the beginning.To sum up ,to be industrious can contribute you to gain as the same you have paid.
Net job losses and the U.S trade deficits have accelerated sharply since 1994 when NAFTA and the World Trade Organization came into being .Many people just regard the deficit as the result of the US prosperity .But the author sees the dark side of the these .He see the deficit and unemployment as evidence that globalization and the workings of the world trading system pose threats to continued U.S prosperity-just as the NAFTA and WTO do.
The text's theme is to shows that a long-term trend of net job losses in trade-sensitive industries grew largely undetected just under the surface of the recent economic boom, indicating the trouble ahead as the economy's downturn deepens.
And call for people and the policy makers to see the "fast track" trade negotiating authority rationally.
As a new way of getting requisite goods,Online Shopping has become very popular and attracted quite a few of people stick on using it so far.That is because it can be very convenient to people who use it.In traditional shopping ways,you may need to go out and walk a long way to choose your ideal goods,but all Online Shopping demands is just a click on the internet.It can save much of your energy,time and money as well.
Althought Online Shopping has so many advantages,it may also lead us into troubles at the same time.Take online cheating as an example.As we all know nowadays,too much cheating ways are developed on the web.Maybe your money will go in the impostor's pocket after you have agreed the deal on a similar but wrong website.Apart from being cheating,it is also difficult for internet surfers to identify the quality of the real goods just by a picture of them or so on.
To hold the right way to use Online Shopping,we need to weight the advantages and shortages at the same time,then look for a balance to control it.As for the analysis above,when using Online Shopping,we must pay much attention to online safety and ask experienced online shoppers to help us distinguish creditable trade web from bad ones.We should also draw up laws and regulations to protect our own right at the same time.
If avoid those shortages,Online Shopping may be a ideal and perfect way of shopping for people in the future.What's more,it may instead of all the ontic shops.But that may need a lot of time.
We glad to inform you that our No.J-29 sales confirmation for the goods are shipped by steamer ship ''Pearl''.It will make a partial shipment by Steamer ship "Mayflower".
When the sale was agreed, we expressly stated that the deal will be closed on C.I.F.basis.
We have sent a facsimile on 15th,March,2013 to you for cover.
We expect your prompt reply.
For a long time, there is a debate about which one is more important,practice or theory.
But as it was,they are the same important.Theory should be tested by practice,and practice should be lead by theory.They are combined together and can't be apart.
A few years ago,people nearly have time to practice.For the students were their parents and teachers spoiled.They will worried about you if you go to the society without they accompanied,and afraid there will be some accidents.So,students just study some theories in the school and have no time to practice.For to improve students practical ability,lots of universities have taken some measurements .For example,on our summer holiday,school will ask us to write a practice report and it should be signed by the place that you practiced.But I think these things are more in the surface,just a few students will do what school ask you to do.
However, there are more and more students think that they cannot study something in the school,and the teacher can't teach they what our society really needed.They would rather to go the society doing some part-time jobs then sit down in class.They put their study away and concentrate on how to earn their money.But do you think it is a greatly significant to us?
What we should do in our school is to study hard ,then we can lay a good foundation for our future.
We should hold on today,so that we can have a glowing future!Just like DengXiaoPing said:Practice is the only way for testing truth.
Time will tell us everything.When we pay attention to the practice,it's also the time to absorb the theory.They are the one and can't be separate!
According to the recent report that there are an increasing number of ways of the communication in the internet such as QQ, BLOG and so on.
Some people consider that the online communications affect the normal life.
Because it makes people are more addicted to the network,while others argue that the internet plays a crucial role in the interpersonal communication nowadays.
I agree with the latter one and I will list my reasons as follows.
Initially, we are able to make friends with the people who are from different countries.
You want to learn another language and you can look for a person that from the country later add to her or his.
You can have a communication with the language and you will improve this language quickly.
Secondly, the internet often surprises you.
For instance, you are shy.
But you desire to talk with others with heart.
You can make friends with the virtual people and you may be not afraid of strangers.
Then you will obtain help from strangers and you will be cared by all the people in the internet.
In brief, the internet has become indispensable in life.
However, sometimes the internet breaks our normal life.
It can make people are addicted to the virtual world.
Then, there are communications less and less in the real world.
The relations of people more and more are indifferent.
As for me, the internet on interpersonal communication has effects at the any place in my life.
I can make friends with different people who will give me different cultures.
On the other hand, I can deliver my opinion on the internet and get others 'comments.
In a word, the internet is a very important position is to hold water.
Global warming will bring to the earth and human complex potential impact.
Today, Global warming makes the sea level rise,increased frequency of storms.
The coast erosion,the surface water and groundwater salinity increases,the impact of urban water supply,the underground water level to risse.
Human health depends on good ecological environment,global warming will become the next century human health one of the main factors.And,global temperature changes directly affect the global water cycle,the drought or flooding in some areas,leading to crop production,and high temperature is unfavorble to the seeds.
So we should protect the environment,reduce car use and afforestation.
Nowadays there are many people who are handsome or beautiful picked up to star in some films or TV series.
We call them actors or stars if they become famous.Usually they are very rich because they are well paid.
problem with this tradition.They earn their money through their own efforts.You may argue that someone even do more but get less.Is it fair?But fairness is not absolute.There must be differences since people choose distinct jobs and even people those do the same work perform differently.
Nowadays,most of the students pay attention to the 'Students Evaluation of Teachers'.There is a dispute that whether students should make comments on teachers.So far,we have come to conclusions.
Some students maintain that it's a good way to comment teachers.On the one hand,making comment and coming up with proposals contribute to improving educational quality.On the other hand,students and teachers will interact in academic exchanges.Whereas,others believe that if students do it,the respect and discipline will disppear in the classroom.
In my opinion,I would not hesitate to choose the former and the latter.In the first factor,the improvement of educational quality is final aim.By oniy this way,making comments on teachers' courses can get us perfect and promote.Furthermore,in the college.it should look like friends between students and teachers,and pointing out the pros and cons of argument.They will have more confidence conquer the difficulties.
At the top of the agenda,we should give to excissive attentions to this problem.
Everyone who takes responsibility of the order should attend the training that will start on Saturday.
The purpose of the training is to make the staff communicate with foreigners commodiously.So the importance of this issue lies in the convenience of partners and smooth communication.
I am applying for the English and American Studies postgraduate course.I am a student study in the Shanghai Ocean University major in English and I think I would be a good candidate for this course.
Every year I got the scholarship.
All of my subject are on the same level and I got high point which arrived at 3.8, every year.
In addition, I keep great balance between study and activities which made me have lots of social experience.
I have many foreign friends and talk to them as much as possible which improve my spoken English very much.
I looking forward to hearing from you.
Nowadays, most persons need to help.
The same question is the most person don't want to help others.
I think I will.
Somebody thinks that to help others is a virtue.
A saying is that we are a family.
In my opinion, helping each other is a very ordinary thing.
Because if you in a jam, the stranger will help you too.
It's likely to donate blood.
Mutual help is social virtues.
Our world will be more friendly.
But the other person thinks to help strangers will bring trouble and danger to himself.
The society always has some situations that if I help an old man, I will make myself in trouble.
As far as I'm concerned, helping strangers is a beautiful thing but you must make a good choice.
Resident Evil is a horror film.It is origin to the Japan match.Of course,I am not a game, but the film.Later found that at first I was just watching TV to learn English, it can bring me more knowledge.
The movie tell a fictitious story.Alice worked for the Umbrella Corporation.The largest and most powerful commercial entity in the world.There was an incident,the virus escaped...A lot of people died...Trouble was...They did not die.T virus outbreak spread like wildfire.First across the United States,then the world.But the T viral did not just bring the dead back to life.It mutated them in terrifying ways.Alice was infected but the virus bonded with her on the cellular level.
It is tell us that biochemistry arms do harm to human.The world needs peace.The human safety is varying important.When the disaster come,we should face it.If we are peaceful, if we are happy, we can smile and blossom like a flower, and everyone in our family, our entire society, will benefit from our peace.Peace is always beautiful.
I like the movie can teach us.Give us deep memory.Human should reflect.Resident Evil give me heart shock.I love the disaster film.They left me with a deep image.Although I do not believe that the end of the world, but I believe that war will make many people lost their lives.That is why I like it.I look forward to seeing more meaningful film.A good movie can affect people's life.
Nowadays everyone put more and more attention to which is their own health in daily life.
As students, we are important to get across to more things that are about how to keep fit.
We can enrich our knowledge by this way.
Firstly, we should not be crazy about less food which is rich in fat and sugar.
Because in most of our time we sit, if we do as this, we will become fat easily.
As we all know that sugar can make our fellings become slow.
So we should enjoy tasting a variety of vegetables and fruits' delicious every day.
There was a proverb saying that you are what you ate.
If you want to be thin and healthy, keep doing like this.
Secondly, we should take good use of exercise every day to make us go fine, not only sports can be done in P. E. class.
By this way, we will be in a balanced diet which is the most people expected.
We can invigorate health effectively as the same time.
Last but not least, we should embrace correct habits.
For example, we should go to sleep early and get awake early.
This way gives the spirt of happy study to us.
So we can focus on our work which is enjoying being lost in lessons by heart.
We are the flowers of our state, so we are able to become strong.
So let us make a healthy life for ourselves.
According to our last meeting about the seminar,I am going to inform you that the seminar will held at 423 room.You must ensure the security of the schedule.There is one participate will be late for the seminar,because she was attending another meeting at that time.
Sary.
Resting on the bookshelves, there are large numbers of books with regard to the forces that contribute to personal achievement.
Nevertheless, no definite conclusion has been given yet on the relation between book learning in college and success in society.
When it comes to my view, the theoretical knowledge is irreplaceable for success at any point.
Knowledge is power.
A step further, the so-called booklore you gained in college classroom is the very foundation of deepen knowledge which plays the key role in achieving success.
It is universally acknowledged that Bill Gates is the unique giant in IT field.
Some people may owe Bill's huge success to his talent.
However they neglect his distinctive mark which is the representative of his high theoretical knowledge level.
As one thing is worth mentioning, when looking back Bill's school life, he got 1590 in SAT, whose full mark is 1600.
If it were not for his solid theoretical knowledge, he would not have further development in his professional field.
The solid theoretical knowledge will also raise the bridge between you and the precious chances to success.
You can't deny that wherever you want to get a job, there will be a test to examine your control of basic theoretical knowledge, and the better one will be employed undoubtedly.
Besides, a promotion check will also examine your working ability which is based on book learning.
Thus, the higher you want to reach in your career, the more solid theoretical knowledge you have to gain.
From zero to hero, you can't without the theoretical knowledge.
Have you ever heart a Nobel Prize winner who never receives a good education.
All the knowledge of our time can be tracked to the source where you will find it is the theoretical knowledge you gained in university that expands the whole technology.
You will get a better understanding of the cutting-edge technology when more booklore has been mastered.
The discussion was thus brought to a close.
As far as I am concerned, no one will achieve a huge success unless he has gained enough theoretical knowledge.
In recent years,more and more people is devoted in volunteering,especially among the young people.Volunteering is beneficial to our society.
For example,the earthquake in Wenchuan,2008,thousands of volunteers play an important role in it.They took care the injured,donated the necessary things and offer psychological to people.Also,it is beneficial to volunteers.It teaches them how to team up with each other,and it can improve their interpersonal skill.
In my opinion,volunteering can happy yourself,we should advocate and encourage people to join volunteering.We can promote voluntary service in school,and develop knowledge lecture to let more people know about volunteering.As a college student,I hope everyone would join volunteering.It is not only good to our society,but also a chance for us to learn.
Everyone will meet unduly many people in his life,but the love of our people will be our parents.There is no word to illustrate the love that my parents give me,but every detail of our lives can be seen.
When i was young,i don't sensible.I don't always obey to them,not only my mother didn't give up me, but also always teach me patiently.My father is seriously to help me with my homework every night.With the passage of time,the love of my parents did not decrease but even thicker.Now,my parents are always called to ask about me,and they always worried about me if i take good care of myself or not when i was outside.
So i frequently take the initiative to contact parents,in case they worry about me.I do everything in my power and to do something which my parents need,so their lives not excessively hard.The love of parents made me full of energy,and more and more courageous when i encounter problems.
Nowadays, some parents help their children do almost everything.
They want children have a wonderful living, but in fact, it is in the contrast.
In my opinion, parents should leave children alone sometimes appropriately.
Children need to do things by themselves to gain experience, otherwise, it may be hard for them to stand in the society.
In order to train the children, parents can request them to wash their dress when they are not too young.
If possible, require them to live in the dormitory of their school, so that they can not only have to do things that they can, but also learn how to get on well with others.
What's more, parents can try to ask children to plan their own schedule.
Only when they are independent, can they stretch out their soul freewill.
Only in that way, can they live in a valuable and interesting life on their own.
All in all, it is exceedingly crucial to make children be independent.
Nowadys, Water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.
The world is in water shortage !Each minute three are many people die of needing water .
There are two main reasons that cause the problem .Firstly ,people do not know the fact that they are in water shortage ,they think there is a lot of water on earth ,so they do not need to use the water which have been rare resource .So most of us are using water carelessly on each area .Secondly,there are too many factories pulling the wasted water into the lake or river which polluted the clean water .So the clean water that we can drink are becoming less and less .
There is no deny the fact that we can work out the problem if we realize it .If we develop our sense of saving water on each area in our life ,there will be a large amount of water can be save out .
I'm very glad to have this chance to speak here to so many young people.
My dream is a simple but great one ----- to be a school teacher.
You may wonder why, for the teacher's job is hard and the pay is poor.
I have my own idea about it.
I have had the dream of becoming a teacher since my childhood.
As is known to all of us, the teacher's job is very important and necessary for social and economic development.
To me, it is a pleasure to be with small children.
They make me feel young and I don't think it waste of time to teach small children.
On the contrary, I think it's a valuable job.
That's all have to say.
Thank you.
People love technology .Nowadays, almost everyone can own a computer or a mobile phone.
It offers users almost limitless access to the Internet.
You can read books from the Internet easily.
We call this book E-book.
Many people support to read e-books because it is so convenient.
You can read any time any where you like.
When you are waiting for the bus ,you can read novels by mobile phone.
When you have a rest , you can read the e-book.
Another reason is that you can get it for free.
If you like some masterwork, and it is expensive, you can find it from the Internet easily.
Then you can download it in your mobile phone.
It will save a lot of money.
There are abundant e-books on the Internet, and it is easy to find.
You don't need to seek for it in the bookshop.
Reading the e-book saves your time and money.
However, others argue that the e-book is not so good.
Reading it for a long time will do harm to your eyes.
The radiation of it also do harm to your health.
When you read the common book, you can write something on it or take some notes.
The common book is better for studying.
Some books, you need to read in detail.
You'd better read the common book.
From my perspective, whether the e-book is good or bad really depends.
You should take into consideration the use of the book.
If you just read some novels for fun, you can read the e-book.
If you want to study, you'd better read the common book.
The e-book will not take place of the common book.
I know how to make a good impression.One leave an impression through his or her speaking and action.To make a good impression,we should pay more attention to our behaviour.
First of all,we should speak and behave politely.It's necessary to avoid being rude.The next thing is your appearance.Dress for occasions, do not dress for your own mood.Make sure that you look clean and tidy as this help to make a good impression.
First impression is always the most important thing when you meet a stranger.It works a lot in leaving a good impression.Besides,we have to have deep confidence in ourselves.If you are calm and confident, the other person will feel more at ease and this makes a solid foundation of a good first impression.
This is twenty-first Century,Our work is facing multiple choice,But I want to be an administrative officer,To really do a good officer, as the name service, the benefit of one party.
Leading cadres must also have good democratic style of work, maintain close ties with the masses, listen to the opinions of the masses, to meet the wishes of the masses, to abandon the officer sir, put on bureaucratic airs such bad style.
First of all, do homework, get a good result, followed by more, read a book, do some friends, cultivating a good communicative ability, and strengthen their ideological and moral accomplishment of thought, finally, establish correct world outlook, outlook on life, values.
in my opinion,there are several reasons accounting to it.
On the one hand,in order to earn more money,some businessman take illegal actions to make tourists to spend a sum of money,which surely leads to dishonesty,in addition,there are tremendous false advertisements spreading among the public,and it will encourage more and more people to trust in them.
On the other hand,most people can't clearly distinguish the true from the false,they lack the ability of recoginition,and it is their lack of kownledge about tourism that cause their money wasting.
Many people believe that reading is an essential part of learning and growth.However,as time goes on,more and more people consider that genuine knowledge comes from practice.different people have different perspectives.I reckon that both reading and practicing are of equal importance.
First of all,as a student,our main task is to concentrate on our study.reading helps us assimilate knowledge and update knowledge system,it stimulates and broadens our views,too.reading is a process of self-cultivation,which makes us own peaceful mind and good character.we need to read a lot for that may arrive at the successful other shore.what's more,practice is vital to learning,not only can it apply what we have learned to life but also offer challenges and opportunities to improve skills.There is a good saying:practice is the only criterion of inspecting the truth.If we study without practice,how can we become a useful person in society?Only by continuous practices can we find pleasure and realize our values.
In conclusion,it is never too late to learn.In today's competitive society,we should lay emphasis on constructing the knowledge network and fostering practical competence.
The best way of learning is to combine practice with reading in a perfect way.
Everything has two sides and the thing that beauty contests be held among teenagers is not an exception.
It has both advantages and disadvantages.
Some students think that like beauty is a basic mind of people, and it provied a stage to show teenagers' tastes, and help them know how to select clothes in important public.
However, others think if people pay more attention to appearances will lead to run blindly after appearances.
In addition, it is a waste of time and money to participate in.
As far as I am concerned, I believe that inner beauty is more important.
Consequently, I suggest that everyone should focus more on inner beauty.
Recently, we students hear a message that Shanghai will make a try that let students have multiple exams and the exams' time can choose by students.We have different views on it.
In my opinion, multiple exams have many advantages.
First,having multiple exams have less pressure than having one exam.
For example, we can review the English first and have exams, then we can concentrate on other subjects and need not worry about the English.
Second, people can not do well every time.
Students sometimes pass because of health problem or accident.
If we only have one chance, it is unfair to those students.
But once we have multiple exams, we have more chance and this unfair condition will be avoided.
And the most important advantage is that multiple exams can help the student who is poor in English but good at other subjects get better mark.It can let university miss less talents.
In a word, multiple exams can benefit both students and universities.
This is to certify Susan Hobson has been secretary in my office for two years.
In these two year of secretary work,she was friendly and work hard.
She was good secretary,on the one hand,she was responsible her job,on the other hand,she was so honest that never fail to keep an appointment.
she was good to speak English and German fluently.I believe that she is competent for interpreter job.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a waiter.I am a 17-year-old student and would be able to work during July and August.
I had some experience during last summer holiday.I worked as a waiter.I began to work from 8:00AM to 16:00 PM.I often wash the tables and chairs on the work.I also clean the window and wash the dishes.I learn a lot from the working.It has had a great effect on me.And I enjoyed my working time.
I would be very grateful if you could send me more information about my working.I will try to do it well.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Before winter comes, I look forward to seeing snow, because I hadn't seen snow after I was born in Canton.
Still I intend to see snow, but I more like autumn than winter.
Nonetheless Winter is also interested.
In winter the days are extremely short.
When it comes, we can see the world became white, which is yellow at autumn.
When it snows, the floor into a white, we wear clothes and go to make snowmen.
It is a good season to skat.
This is famous quote of English poet Percy Bysshe Shelley.
It means that when winter is approaching, everything is dying.Nonetheless the spring season is also ahead.
Winter is extremely cold, the tree lost all the leaves and flowers are all dead.
Nonetheless this is not the end, it is a new beginning.
After a period of silence and wait, the trees will come back to life and the flowers will bloom.
Approaches before the winter, we have to pay attention maintain warmth, otherwise can catch cold.
No one knowns for sure,what will the city of the future look like?In the future,care for the environment will become very important as earth's natural resources run out.Water will be polluted and we will have no a drink.We will look out other instead of it.We will use a lot of recycled materials and rely more on alternative energy.In the future,we will be healthier and healthier.No smoking will be allowed within a future city's limits.Everyone can go anywhere the want to go.Senior citizens and persons with disabilities will be able to go anywhere in they world using high-tech cameras attached to their heads.In the future,our city will become wear and wear.
My daily life has changed a lot since I went to university .
in the past two months, I have acquired lots of information about my university.
First of all, My university has a long history and is abundant in books where I can broaden my vision and enrich my life .Else ,there are various activities and competitions in my university.
There is no denying that my university is quite good .
However it is still different from my ideal university .
In my ideal university ,I can travel with my classmates and communicate with foreign people .Besides ,we can organize colourful communities freely.
Given the differences between my ideal university and my real university, I would like to give some advice to my school.
In my eyes, it is suggested that my school should organize more activities so that we can get in touch with foreign people and we can travel more places ,which will make us develop all-round.
During golden week, hordes of tourists are crowed to the famous Chinese sites of historical interest.
However, tourism has a big impact on the environment because too many tourists come here.
On my part, in order to protect the local environment, the office should charge higher fees during golden week.
First of all, the environment resource is limited.
Lots of tourists come to the famous sites, they will put a large pressure on the environment; also too many people in sites will produce garbage.
For example, on the seaside of SANYA, during National Day, mountains of garbage were produced.
It was a difficult to local office cleaning the spot.
They have got to spend much money and workers in cleaning the garbage.
If the visitors are reduced to a certain number, this problem will avoid.
At the same time, too many people in sites, the service will not very well, enjoying scene will not very good, the traffic also not convenience.
But this policy just control the visitors number during peak travel season, so the office should properly charge fees.
In brief, charge higher free is one of the ways to solve the balance issue between visitors and the environment.
Meanwhile, every visitor should protect the buildings of famous sites and throw the rubbish into the trash can in order to protect our environment.
Daming is a middle student .He gets up on half past eight ,have delicie lunch on eight forty-five.On nine he does his homework .He does exercises in park on half past ten .He eats dilicies lunch on twelve .On first he has computer class and English class .He reads all kinds of books .On half past two he has a few supper .On seven he watches TV and play computer .He puts away the things on half past eight in afternoon .He goes to bed on half past nine in the evening.
Nowadays, many people prefer to go shopping online instead of shopping in real store.
I'll give you my opinion.
First, shopping online is easy and convenient.
You just need to sit in front of the computer and use the mouse to choose goods.
You don't need to go outside.
Second, you can go shopping anytime even at midnight.
Such is human nature that people prefer to stay at home.
Third, you don't need to queue and wait for a long time.You can save some time.
Shopping online is a convenient way of shopping, but it also has some disadvantages.
For example, you can't see the real goods by your own eyes but just see the photos.
You can't have the fun of going shopping with your friends.
And the most dangerous point is that somebody bad can steal your money and get your personal information.
These are the two sides of shopping online.
It's all up to you that how to choose these two ways of shopping.
I hope you can get useful information after reading this passage.
We can see from the table that detail between percentage of workforce who are women and percentage of managers who are women.
In Australia and United States, the percentage of female workforce (Austrelia is 42, United States is 46) and percentage of the female (Austrelia is 41,United States is 43).
The percentage of female workforce in Japan is 41 and it in Srilanka is 37,which is nearly the same.
In Egypt,the percentage of workforce who are women reach its lowest point at 20,which is one twice form other 4 country.
The percentage of managers who are women in Egypt and Japan are 12.
A smallest percentage of female managers are found in Srilanka,reaching 9.
Australia and United States has four times as many as Egypt and Japan.
Overall, the lowest percentage of workforce who are women is Egypt , the largest percentage of female managers is Australia and United States.
My bedroom is small but it is tidy.My books and dictionaries are in my bookcase.My schoolbag is on the chair.My ping pong bats are on the desk.My football is under the bed.My pencil box and notebook are in my schoolbag.A clock is on the wall.I love my room.
Hello, Tom, I'm very glad to hear from you.
My hobby is surfing the Internet because I think I can know the big things happening in the world.
And I also use the Internet to look for information .
For example, I download movies and music from the net.
I can send email and go shopping.
It helps me to save time and money.
I often surf the Internet on Friday and Saturday.
So I have enough time to do my homework.
I think hobbies can make us grow as a person and develop our interest, but we don't spend much free time on our hobbies.
As we all know,this era encourages diversification,so it is essential that we have knowledges of the different culture and possess some excellent qualities.In this case,I would like to study in a foreign country.The followings are some of my reasons.
First of all,with the development of globalization,we are tightly related with the whole world,in which the Internet has greatly promoted the communication among people.However,it's obviously not enough to know the different culture for us students simply by the Internet.As a result,studying abroad is definitely a good chance to understand the foreign culture and values by what you see and hear personally.Besides,I suppose I'm one of those who are fond of traveling.Thus,studying abroad gives an opportunity to travel in a new country to experience the different customs there,which at the same time can broaden my horizon.The last but not the least,the employment pressure in our country is quite enormous,so studying abroad to some extent can ease the pressure brought about by the job competition,because I can get a higher diploma after studying abroad.What's more,the odds of working in a foreign country is higher.
Although studying in foreign has some disadvantages,I'm more concerned about the benefits.
Some students support that we are supposed to go online.It has a number of advantages ,for example,we can gain knowledge on the Internet and it helps us broaden our minds.What 's more,it's convenient for us to communicate and share with our friends.Besides,it's a good way to relax us and entertain us.
However,others suggest not suffering the Internet.An disadvantage of going online is that it's bad for our eyes.In addition,so many students are abandoned into chatting online and playing computer games.The most important is that it's a waste of time and energy.So many students don't work hard any more.
In my opinion,every corn has two sides.It's good for us to open our minds.If we spend too much time in going online,it will do harm to our health as well as our study.So I suggest everyone balance the time between study and computer.
In fact, to prepare their own is not very full, many specialized courses of this semester, one after another exam before BEC examinations just accepted the indiscriminate shelling of a school exam.
I test at Peking University, the teachers are very mild, so it is not too much tension.
Talk about oral examination.
The first part is not so much self-introduction as it is to answer questions.
This part of the teacher will ask you some questions, she needs to just outside the answer, do not need to answer some nonsense.
For example, beginning teachers ask you from where you just say you can most from what province which city to the county, unnecessary associated introduce his beloved hometown.
Because few first part, the teacher to ask two people about three to four issues, time is very tight, it is impossible to give you leave to present content exam.
That the teacher to ask from students or staff, like it or not professional.
If you listen to the teacher does not understand the problem, may be asked to repeat, but generally another teacher.
The second part is that two people will get two copies of the same question book, you need to do a half-minute statement from the three topics selected, one minute preparation time can be pre-prepared in the examination room with a pencil on white paper, write some key words.
Statement after partner would like to ask questions.
Partner that did not understand the questions so I do this part very poor.
The third part is on a topic of two, three minutes of dialogue, after the end of the teacher to your questions.
Our title company CEOs to give college students do report, statements about some of the requirements for Commerce students.
We discuss the requirements of students conditions, there is discussion of the benefits of working in a big company.
This is okay, but my partner English is not very good, unable to speak some keywords, I remind her, this part of the mutual cooperation of the two people is very important, remember the dialogue must go on, must not be off the subject.
Then talk about how ready spoken.
Of course, you have to say in English, so be sure to find a foreigner to conversation practice.
My teacher Recommended The me on http://cythia.englishia.com.cn/apply14 specifically spoken specification the foreigners told you, do not be afraid to learn a foreign country sound.
IELTS is the full simulation spoken exam.
Nowadays.chinease edcation was criticised because of its system.Some people think that knowledge should be emphasized in education.Others maintain that schools should encourage creativity in students.
In my opinion, creativity is more important.I have three points to interprete it .The first ,when people come into the society,kownledge is not so important like in school.many famous people achieved because of their creative,like bill gates.The second, if you do not have enough knowledge,you can improve it with your working .But if you are lack of creativity,it is not easy to change it.The third, your creativity can make up your defects on the knowledge,but knowledge is diffcult to arrive.
In another hand,knowledge is also important in our life.So,we can not ignore the knowledge's position in our study.
I was on pins and needles for the girl before me had not passed.
A variety of suppositions were pouring into my mind and my heart beat uncontrollably.
Suddenly, I heard the radio calling my name to get on the car.
I tried my best to calm down and got into the car quickly.
Then I smiled and waved my hands to the camera, which showed that I would start.
Before starting the car, I took a deep breath, reviewing all of the steps.
Finally, the car moved.
It seemed that everyone even everything around me disappeared.
Staring at the rear mirror, I reversed the car into the first garage safely without thinking too much.
Then the most difficult part for me was coming.
My foot which stepped on the clutch was trembling and my hands which clutched the steering wheel were perspiring.
In order to move the car into the designated area, I have to control the steering wheel very well.
However, it just was my weakness.
Maybe the god heard my prayer, I passed it.
It had been accomplished two-fifths.
Up to the present, everything went on smoothly.
Refreshed up a bit, I continued my test.
If only I had driven the car out of the second garage, reversed into it again and back to the start line, I could pass the test.
Nevertheless, when I reversed the car into the garage, I forgot to stop it as soon as the car comes in.
A voice which belonged to my coach came into my ears.
I found myself almost out of the designated area.
Thanks to the voice and also my coach, I released a deep breath.
Driving the car back to the start line, I heard the radio said I was passed.
Although it was breathtaking, I could simile this time.
When I look back at my driving test now, I think the intermezzo made my success more unforgettable.
There are a lot of accidents both good and bad in our life.
However, all of these accidents do not block our success, growth or advancement.
From this experience I learn that we may come across many accidents during our growing process; yet they can help us grow and make our growth more colorful.
Although carbon dioxide is not very poisonous and the quantity of it in the atmosphere is small, it is the villain in the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is essential to plants and animal life.
However, there is a harmful thing that the gas is doing to human beings.
The sea level is rising from year to year and it will flood many low-lying cities and farming areas, which will lead to starvations and the collapse of the structure of society.
The reason why carbon dioxide and catastrophe has a connection is followed.
Carbon dioxide tends to block the infrared radiation that can cool the earth at night, which result in the temperature of the earth will go up.
And the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is going up because of the burning of fuel and the disappearing of forests.
That is to say, many ice caps will begin to melt and the sea level will rise.
But human beings are to blame for the rising of carbon dioxide.
So, we are supposed to save our forests and find new sources that do not involve the production of carbon dioxide.
What's more, we should spend time, work, and money to save us all.
I think walking to work is better than driving to work.One reason is that walking to my job is not stressful.Another reason is faster when there is traffic.Traffic is very heavy,now.It moves slomly if driving.The most important reason do not have to park the car.Walking to my job,I am very happy and healthy.
But driving to work is slower when there is traffic .
It is very not comfortable if driving long time.Driving to work is worse for the environment.So I favourite is walking to work.If rainy days,I take my umbrella.
With the growing popularity of private cars in China, the quality of our lives has been considerably changed.Our city faces with more and more traffic jam due to the fast rapid of the economy.It seems that a limit should be put on the number of private cars.
From my point of view, i am in favour of the idear that we should take some measures to keep a stable growing of cars numbers.And obviously,the city can not hold the large number of cars.The parks where always is filled with cars also can't satisfy the needs.
In a addition,More cars mean more pollution.We shouldn't ignore that how to potect the environment has become a serous problem.So if we make such decisions,the environment will benefits from that.So as us.Last but not the least,cars are very dangerous,many accidents result from them.
Limiting the cars must can desrease the accidents.Namely,people will have a more safe life.
From what we has been mentioned above,we can come to the comclusion that we take some measures to limit the private car,which can benefit us a lot.
The summer holiday is coming.
I'm happy to have a good summer holiday!Of course,I have many things to prepare.First,I need to make a plan.
I will do my homework 5 hours a day,and I want to read some famous English books to improve my English study.Then, I will see some books.It can make me relax!If I have enough time,I will go dancing and swimming!
And,I will work hard to learn the mathematical.I always be careless on the math exam.I want to be careful!I really have a large number of things to do,maybe It's busy and nervous.But I like this sort of life.I will try my best to do these tings!I believe myself.It's nice to have this kind of courage!
Finally,I think I will have a good summer holiday.
Nowadays,more and more people like online shopping.And many people around me like my friends they also like shopping on line.shoppping on line is becoming a fashion.Do you know why so much people like online shopping?
Online shopping has many benifits.For example,you need not out your home and you can buy something you want.And we can save much time to do other thing we need to do.Otherwise,we buy the same thing,but online shopping is cheaper than we buy in market.
yes,online shopping has many benifits,but we all know everything has two side,and online shopping is not exceted.We can't buy anything online,and there are many people be cheated when they shopping onlineand so on.
In my opinion,we can shopping online,but we must sure weare salf.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
Someone thinks money can bring happiness,so he works hard day and night;someone believes knowledge can bring happiness,so he studies all the time;still another considers a good lover can bring happiness,so when he is alone,he feels depressed.For many people,happiness is the most luxurious dream in the world;but for me,it is the simplest thing in the world only if you had an eye to discover.
I have a friend who will put down everything and stare at me with her touching eyes when I tell her I want to cherish our friendship.I have a friend who can communicate with me online and send a long,long letter to cheer me up when I feel frustrated.I have five friends who know how to tolerate my noise when I have to stay up late to work for school and understand my sorrow when I spend efforts but gain nothing.I have a friend who has accompanied me more than fifteen years and most childhood's memory is about us.How happy I am!My friends are by my side at all times!
Last year,one of my mother's colleagues passed away in a car accident.In the summer vacation,I accompanied her to visit that colleague's wife.Seeing that pathetic lady pretented to be fine with her heart-broken eyes,I was affected.On the way home,my mom asked me:"What would you do if your family suddenly breaks up?
"I couldn't answer.How fortunate I am!My family is by my side at all times!
What's more, I still have spring's flowers,summer's rain,autumn's leaves and winter's snow; I still have warm sunshine,blue sky,cool breeze,and fresh air.I still have hope,I still have life!Sometimes that we strive hard to seek the bird of happiness,but we don't realize,it is just by our side.Happiness is that simple!
The reasons are related to two aspects which are parents and their kids.
For one thing, parents' selfless love is taken for granted in their mind.
And some university students are bashful in expressing their emotion.
For another, most of parents look on their child as an apple in their eyes because they only have one or two kids.
The last but the most important thing is that now university students lack ideological and moral education.
They become more and more uncharity so it occurs to them that they should say thank you.
In connection with the situation, I put forward three suggestions.
First, why not held a lecture about"love and express".
It would help students learn about how great their parents' are and motivate them to say thanks.
Second, parents should not spoil children too much.
Third, it is a good idea to arrange a lesson.
loudly.
A few days ago I met a stranger when I went to library in the centre of city At first he didn't say anything,only kept tinkering with his hand.How I didn't know what he meant.By the time I realize he to be dumb,I felt sorry for him.Nevertheless I still didn't recognize his hand gestures.Owing to I am in a hurry,I have to ask other people and I am very embarrassed said to him thank you.At that time his facs showed expression of surprise,I can feel his sorrowful.At last he still gave me his smile and said he was very sorry he can't help.He is so optimistic,I think.This experiencing let me appreciate no matter what kind of people can be happy in life.Though they were impaired.
