College is a bit different.
It is not unusual to have a class where the whole course grade is based upon a midterm and final - that is it.
As a college student, it is expected that you keep up on the course material.
No one is going to babysit you by grading all your homework.
Though there are so many differences between high school and university, what students should do is adapt to the change and persist on their dreams.
Then, they will get a better future.
In our memories , as is always a teacher give an evaluation to a student .But in recent years , more and more college student are asked to evaluate their teachers .
It looks as it was the other way around .
Some people don't approve of this view , they have a traditional thought .
People often say that treat own teacher must like treat own father ,it shows respect to our teachers , so we must do as the teachers say .
So we can not do something shows inrespct just like give an evaluation to teachers.
And in my opinions , I think it necessary to give an evaluation to teacher .College ask students do this was to show justice to students .
They hope that students can pick out their favorite teachers , and let the school knows the teachers' strengths and weaknesses .
It also can make teachers improved by themselves .
In fact , in this way , students' evaluation of teachers is just a new idea that can promote the harmonious relation between teachers and students .
As it is known to all of us ,failure plays avital important role in our life .When we go through afailure ,we may feel painful ,upset and depressed.But it can exercise our courage ,make us more mature and let us approach to success .
In my opinion ,the ability of acollege student to deal with the failure is poor .He may be at aloss and rather helpless behind it .Like afriend of me ,he did badly in his midterm exam so that he was very disappointed .I think it is become he lack confidence .Therefore ,when facing afailure ,he will be depressed.In order to help students overcome the failure .On one hand ,teachers and parents should encourage them more ,on the other hand ,students should learn to have more confidence and can not make failure too serious .
I remember the first time took the stage in primary school.
With particular tension and excitement onto the stage, but I didn't dare to see the people below.
Tremor was particularly severe.
With the trembling voice, I had no emotion recited the article.
Although not winning awards, but my teacher to encourage me, especially as I prepared to award, I blush to bold award.
Through this very failure of the speech, I understand, people should not be timid, be bold to pursue what you want.
'How much heart, the stage is as big' became my motto.
I remember this experience forever, it also encourage me brave.
Have you ever heard that "a person has better not to fight with officer".
From our ancestors, the emperor can do everything he wants.
It seems that you can do whatever you want as long as you have powers.
Though China has reformed.
nevertheless this kind of conception is deep in our heart.
That's why people are enthusiastic about it.
If you go to China, you will see that even you are a headmaster, there will be a number of people to flatter you, that's because you have powers in the school and you can select whoever you are content with to be in a high position.
then.
the one will have more powers and get more salary just due to your words.
We can also take other things for example.
If you are officer and you go to the department to do some things.
It will be easy for you to finish those things.
Nevertheless public have difficulty in those things.
That's the why people are desired for power.
In China, if you have power, the thing you want to do like the road in the midnight without any traffic jam.
Everything is not absolutely fair.
It is the same with our society.
If there are two people, and they have the same ability, whereas A have a relationship with a powerful person.
You will find it is difficult for B to catch up with A.
That's why lots of parents pay a visit to their relatives.
Just in order to help their children to find a better job .
We have a special feeling of relationship.
Family, friends and colleagues.
All of them we regard as living points in our life .
So if you go to China, remember to make more friends, we believe"rely on parents at home, rely on friends away from home.
Having finished the study in middle school,now we become college students.
For your successful and bright future,there are some things you can do to succeed in the college.
Firstly,in college life ,you will meet many things you've never met.
So pursuing the passions for your college life is very important so that you will not feel tired just because of experiencing a few things.
It can give you energy whatever you will meet.
Secondly,It's a key step to seize opportunities to be successful,not only for us students but also the people who are working in society.
Without the opportunities to show yourself or opportunies to get something you are dying for is so disappointing and you will feel it very hard to succeed.
Thirdly,as a grown-up,each of us should never be capricious like before.
It's time for all of us to take responsibilities for what we do.
You'd better notice two points.
Before making decisions,think about it carefully whether it is right.
After the decision,just be brave to face the results no matter what they would be like.
If you follow the points mentioned above,I believe you will benefit from it greatly.
You will become successful not only in college but also in your future career.
This Christmas was the first western festival I spent with my teachers and classmates.
I never celebrated for Christmas Day.
So I was looking forward to the festival very much.
We are all excited this morning.
It's a lucky thing for us CCSSS to go out when other students are studying in school.
At last, we left school by bus in a happy environment.
In the planing, we will meet a foreign family in a restaurant and then eat lunch with them.
It is not too long time we wait for them.
The family is made up by a father, a mother, an aunt, a foreign boy and gilr, a Chinese boy and gilr.
There are 7 people in this family.
The foreign boy is very cute.
The girls were all fascinated by him.
I was very excited too.
Then, these boys in our school were not very happy.
I think that's very interesting for the boys' feelings.
Next, we eat cookies, listened to the mother's story about Christmas Day, danced together and played games.
Is was a happy time.
The time flew quickly.
The morning gone and noon comes.
It's time to have lunch.
The food was delicious there.
I thought I found a new good restaurant again.
After lunch, we entered the Happy Valley.
We played lots of equipment and ate lots of snacks.
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Madam C. J. Walker.
She became worried one day because she found that her hair was losing extremely.
Since it was ugly, Madam started to try many different medicines, but that had no results.
Luckily, by a dream which told her of plants from Africa that she could use.
By virtue of impression, Madam invented a new formula for hair growth and began using it herself.
Just like the discovery of the periodic table, the special plants from her dream worked.
With surprise, her hair grew faster and became smooth and beautiful.
It took away her annoyance and a making-money idea came into Madam's mind.
She began preparing and selling this kind of Hair Grower.
She finally succeeded.
Recently a survey about phone calls and text messaging is a hot topic.Everyone has different attitudes.In my opinion,whether phone calls or text messaging is very good for us.Mobile Devices can help us reach other people and at the same time other people can reach us.
Naomi Baron said,"What they like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people;What they like least is that other people can reach them.
"I agree with the idea that mobile devices can help us reach other people.When we have difficulties in doing something,for example,seeking jobs,how to live better and so on.We can call our friends,then we may get some help.Mobile devices can reach other people.If someone leaves for something,but one thing that you should ask her opinion,she is not here.What will you do?Mobile devices will help you contact her.Once my deskmate went home for her brother's wedding.And we kept contact through mobile decices.Everyday I would send a message and tell her the lessons.
Text messaging is wonderful.
However I have the opposite opinion towards Naomi Baron's second idea.
"What they like least is that other people can reach them.
"I do not think so.If other people can reach us,our friends and we will have better relationship.If they contact us,they may need our help,they may miss us,they may want to talk to us.We are friends, we should help them.If so,our friendship will become better and better.Mobile devices help other people reach us;mobile devices make us have many friends.So I like that other people can reach us.
In conclusion,my attitude towards mobile devices is positive.They make people's distance become shorter; they make people's heart become closer.So let us enjoy them.
Now let me introduce myself.My name is Macy,and my Chinese name is F.In my free time,i usually surf the net or go shopping.And then i really like pop music,thus,one of my hobbies is enjoying music.For movies,i like romantic movies best,also i like Vampires Diaries very much.Next,i like Chinese traditional culture,such as cross-stitch.In my family,we have four members,including:my dad,my mom and my older brother,and i love my brother very much.In addition,my dream job is English Translator,because i love english very much.Though i am still a fresher,i still hope that i can improve every knowledge in English field.Besides,i also expect that i can improve my courage from my college.That's all,thank you.
English is my favorite subject and I once won a second prize in Jiande English Reading Comprehension Competition for Middle School Students.
Now I'm good at English and one of the best students at English in our senior grade one.
Now I think I can use English better.
First, I read a lot of English, beginning from a junior time.
I read many English stories and jokes were interesting.
Thus I have got to be more and more interested in English and learned a lot of language through reading widely.
Second, I have kept a diary in English.
I just write down what I do, what I see and what I think of every day.
I try my best to express myself in the most simple words.
In this way I have improved my writing ability a lot.
On the other hand, this diary writing has also helped meto from the habit to think in English.
The above are my two ways of English study.
Our school newspaper is looking forward to an English editor.
The job mainly includes two parts:The first of which is that you're supposed to choose proper articles which are for students from English magazines and the Internet.
The other is to pick out and edit the essays from our school students.
However,we hope that you can meet all the following requirements.
First,you are willing to devote your spare time to serving your classmates.
Second,you'd better be competent in both English and art.
It's also necessary for you to be skilled in computers.
If you are interested in the job,please contact with us this week.
"It was excited that we used all our abilities to explain our topics.
Forty percents of us think people should raise animals at zoos .Because if we do so ,we can see all kinds of animals without going to some dangerous places .
And they will be taken good care of instead of living in the forests on their own to face natural enemies .
So , it is better to keep them in the zoos than let them live in the nature .
Sixty percents of us think people should not keep animals in the zoos .Because they are not the real homes of animals .Like human beings ,animals also like free lives.
It is not free of animals to live in such a small cages.
In my opinion ,It is cruel for us to feed animals in zoos .First ,animals are our friends ,so they should live in the nature just like we live in the houses .
Second ,living in the forest can practice their living skills.The animals in the zoos will die easily when they return in the nature.
animals in the wild , the ecological balance will be broken.
Therefore , it is better for animals to live in the wild than live in the zoos .
As we all know,in contemporary society ,blog is becoming popular with people.
people are making use of blog to express what they think .People,of course,have learnt something .
the ability to think.Blog also provide a way to spread a rumor.
In a word,blog has advantages and disadvantages.It is benefitial to us in common situation.
possible as we can.
Book is the ladder of human progress .nonetheless how to read a book?
Everyone's opinion varies from individual to individual , and there is no complete agreement among people as to reading selectively or extensively .
On the one hand , there are some people think that it is effective if people select what they should read .
Just as saying goes ,"book , like friends should be few and we chosen" .
Time is so limited that we don't have enough time to read a great variety books .
Except reading , we have to do plenty of things which life asks , such as , working , cleaning , shopping and chatting with others .
So they think people should select what benefits themselves .
Not only it can save people's time , but also can they learn knowledge.
On the other hand , many people think we should be well-read .
Every coin has two sides .
When reading occupies your lots of time , you will learn more knowledge that you don't know before .if people used to read one or two kinds of books , they may have a narrow range of knowledge .
Moreover , people would not know what kinds of books they prefer ,if they didn't touch other books .
In my opinion , book is an object of life,and being well-read is extremely good for us .
So I prefer the second view .
Only people to read more books , can they know more weakness they have .
However , being well-read doesn't mean all of books that we must read .
Books also are differentiated between good and bad .
Unless people are well-reading , they will not know which books are profit them .
In a word , reading extensively can help people broaden their horizon , and it is a little bit superior to reading selectively .
Nowadays, it has become fashionable for college students to take a part-time job in their spare time.
However, every coin has two sides.
This trend also has its own advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, it is beneficial for us college students to take a part-time job in our spare time.
Taking a part-time job can not only earn money to ease the burden of our parents, but also get more work experience.
In addition, we college students can make more friends, because the environment of our life is bigger than at school.
On the other hand, taking a part-time job has its own disadvantages.
It takes time for us to work and it may affect our study.
We are too young to know how cruel the society is, and our parents will worry about us.
What's more, we will contact more different people and the worse thing is that we cannot distinguish between good person and bad person.
The time which should be spent with friends and classmates will be shortened.
In my opinion, taking a part-time job is a good idea for us college students.
It can help us have more spare money for travelling or something else.
Sitting in Ocracoke Inlet, we were loading food and water for the next expedition.
The loading work will finished tonight and we are able to set out tomorrow morning.
At dusk, a big ship which doesn't seem like a pirate ship anchored about 200 yards away.
They seemed as if they are spying me, waiting for a great opportunity to launch an assault.
Before the battle, we need to enjoy ourselves.
I went up to the deck and yelled.
"Boys, we finished loading goods.
Now, it's time to have some fun.
Whoops and hollers broke out in the crowd.
The last dinner before sailing, which usually represents loads of good foods and rum, is always the crew members' favorite time.
The feasting, drinking, dancing and revelry continued till the early hours of tomorrow.
Dawn broke.
A cold mist rolled in from the sea.
The fog was so thick that I can't see that ship now at all.
I get up and walked to the side of the ship.
Then I suddenly spotted two boats coming nearer and nearer, as if they are going to attack.
I shouted to them.
One of them stood up.
He called back, pointing to their mast where I can see a British flag flying.
My guess is right.
They are British navy.
This will be my first victory this month.
"Sent a boat, then.
"I can't spare a boat.
That guy replied.
His crew laughed loudly.
Foolish guys, I thought.
I'll teach you a lesson today.
I shook my sword at them.
A battle is going to break out.
Although success means different to any individuals, almost all people have their dreams, in other words, want to be successful in each field.
People are now crazy about those books, movies, and lectures concerning about how to be successful.
They try to copy the elites: listen what they say, and do what they do.
However, few of them are satisfied with what they have got, and they start to suspect their ability,.
", "Am I meant to be loser all my life?".
...
Teacher, I feel I have little to say after the paragraph.
I don't know the way to success too.
In fact, I don't know what is success to me.
I begin to doubt what I insist to be right primarily.
I think if you really know what you have to do, you need to know what is right for you.
I don't know what is right for me exactly and what is right in the society exactly.
The lead in this story is a monkey whose name is called Great Sage Equaling Heaven.
He has amazing ability to beat everyone in the world.
Because of his ability The Jade Emperor provide he a job to manage the Peach Garden to constraint it.
But one day, it is Queen Mother's birthday, as usual, they have to hold a big party which is called Peach Banquet to celebrate her birthday.
In the day, the invited immortals take their invitations to attend the grand party.
But Wu Kong dosen't in the invited list.
When Wu Kong knew this news, he becomes angry.
So he makes up his mind to hold a party only for himself.
So before the immortal official arrive the Hall of Miraculous Mist, Wu Kong has arrived there for a long time.
During this time Wu Kong give some sleep insects to the seven fairy maidens which make them sleep deeply.
After that, he eats all the peaches in the basket, and then he drinks all the wine which is plan to serve all the immortal official.
Because of his drunk, he makes a lot of trouble in the Heaven.
First,you should speak English in class.After class ,talk to your class in English as you can .You can ask help for your teacher and class if you not uderstand.You should write down grammer mistakes and write down the correct spelling or the grammer next to the mistakes.You should listen to the radio or read newspaper for your listening and seeing.Try to remenber 1-5 words every day ,then you can lean English well day by day .Last you can talk with you friends in English.
Nowadays, there are kinds of fundation to help those in need, but I think it may not an appropriate way to support them.
Someone proposes that: instead of providing welfare directly to those in need, one alternative is funding programs that teach new skills or seek jobs for the unemployed.
I'm identified with this proposition, for it provides a way to help people persistently.
Moreover, it prevents people from shaping the idea that they can get something for nothing.
However, if we teach skills or find jobs for them, they can make money on their own, which will strengthen their confidence to live on.
As the saying goes: there is no free lunch in the world.
Only when we get enough skills, can we make fortune persistently.
How is every thing?My life in China here is fantastic..
I study and communicate with my friends in China as well as taking physical activities together.
I have visited places of interests in Beijing which were bulit hundreds years ago.Move over,I watch the Peking Opera ,even though I can't understand a word,I think it wonderful.I also taste the delicious food ang know about Chinese culture.
What's more,I spend the Spring Festival here,the dumplings are really good that I'm too happy to say anything.
In a word,life here is wonderful for me.
In this year summer holiday,I took a trip to Yunnan.I go there with my mother and friends.we go there by plane.
It is in the southern part of our country.And , you can get anywhere without culture in yunnan .It is really a very beautiful place has grand mountains,clean rivers and kind people.Trees and flowers are seen everywhere.Every year there are lots and lots of visitors.
We are always go to kunming.between ShiLin .
There are all kinds of strange stones.
Some of the small stones look at very delicary; and the big stones look like handsome men.
Other stones look like animals such as cats,dogs ,birds, elephants and so on.
I like the elephants and fruits there best.
I even mounted the elephant,though I am very afraid at first.
But the elephant is very friendly.
I take some photos with it.
The fruits are very fresh and delicious.
They are very good for our health.
The trip to Yunnan impressed me greatly.
I will never forget it.
With the development of economic,people pay attention to education gradually.To solve the problem of higher university,lots of Chinese university were built.Most of them expand the area of teaching and intake students all the time.
Nowadays,more and more students are accpeted by university in China.As far as we kown,it is normal to go to university.Though it is beneficial to acquire knowledge by students,it also has disadvantages to us.
First of all,the number of college students is increasing.The competition in work is drastic.We have to worry about our jobs because it is hard to looking for suitable jobs.Then, intake expansion in Chinese university bindly may waste education rescources.Last but not least,intake expansion in Chinese university must deline the level of higher education.It leads to our college students' quality lower and lower.
Nowdays,less and less university students have never said "Thank you" for their parents.Why college students do not care about these things?
I think the cause of the incident is as follows.First,students do not facing these polite language.They just think this is a small problem.They may be think "Thank you" is not essential.They think that if they say"Thank you" for their parents ,they will feel very uncomfortable.They think it is feel like vomiting.Then,they may be do not good at expression.Finally,their parents do not cultivate children that these things.
say love.I think our parents should very happy and they will be relieved.
Each people all have ideal,ideal of others is what I don't konw,but my ideal is to be a teachel ,but someone will feel surprised,think the teachers' hard work ,and low income .my ideal is just want to be a teacher when he was a boy ,that time I only know that the teacher is a noble profession.
When I grew up I know teacher's work is very important and necessary to the development of society,at the same time,I think with children live togethe soon,naive,and can be forever young in spirit.I don't think the education of children is a waste of tirne,on time,on the contrary,it is a valuable wark.The teacher this porfession is to make our social progress of the gardener.
It is times when I am young.In that date.I study for a good class where I have some pupils.And they are hard of studies.teacher is concerned with our.teacher are seem strong.since that day.I have a ideal which I become a teacher.you may be surprised which teacher is hard work and low income.I like children who get along with them.children make me feel young.others think of teacher weste time.But I think it is interesting.and I will point child study in the future.Beause I love these children and I make them succeed.I don't get up my dream.
The author uses the first person to narrate the five different parts.
The first part describe the Grierson house in Jefferson, which makes me feel creep.
The first sentence of the story sets the tone of how the citizens of Jefferson felt about Emily.
The narrator notes that on the date an engineer is seen in Jefferson with a crew of men to build sidewalks.
After Emily and Homer are seen driving through town several times, Emily visits a druggist.
There, she asks to purchase arsenic.
Citizens of Jefferson believe that Miss Emily is going to commit suicide since Homer has not yet proposed in the beginning of section four.
Upon his return, Homer is last seen entering Emily's home and then never seen again.
After Homer's disappearance, Emily begins to age, gain weight, and is rarely seen outside of her home.
Eventually, Miss Emily passes away.
through the passage ,we can have a clear mind that Emily symbolizes the South, old tradition, the Yankee represents the North, new and modern one, and both young guys might be interested in each other when they first meet.
But they possess altogether different values or concept of lives, so they inevitably separated before long.
The conflict between the two partners symbolizes the conflict between the South and the North.
And the absurd murder aggravates the contradictions.
When I finished reading the story, a sincere sympathy emerges in my mind.
Emily is totally a tragedy of the old traditions.
She is a prisoner of the past, of the social and moral taboos of the South.
In our daily life, everything is changing everyday.
As an individual, we can only adapt ourselves to the protean environment and should learn to accept new things.
Different country have different holiday.
In our country, we have the Mid-Autumn Festival, the Dragon Boat Festival and so on.
But in western countries, they celebrate christmas day.
All I know about christmas is that christmas day is their traditional holiday.
They celebrate christmas every year.
At christmas, the western people eat Turkey and many delicious food with friends and family.
At that day, chlidren's parents will dress up as Santa Claus to give their children gifts on Christmas Eve.
That day, people may send christmas greeting card to their friends or family who in another country.
Nowadays in China, people also celebrate christmas.
When the day is coming, they will go shopping or eat the abundance of food with friends or family.
I just spent a wonderful christmas day with my classmates and teachers in Happy Valley Amusement Park.
We played very happy with each other.
I enjoyed the atmosphere of christmas.
Whatever which holiday people spend, we should attaches great importance to the holidays.
Due to the repid development of internet.The network is more close to our life.
Today, online shopping has become a fashion.
More and more people choose online shopping.
ONline shopping has many advantages.
For example as online shopping is convenient.
We need not go out can buy a lot of things they need.
But there exist many problems in online shopping.
shopping website product declare unture mixed fish heads.
Later period service does not follow to go up is this kind of problem.
Therefore, online shopping is not very perfect.
I think we should learn to distinguish in online shopping goods.
Set up a mechanism of net work sale supervis, the only way the rights and interests of consumers will be protected.
Being a professor of Harvard University as well as an American live in China, Amy Chau was the woman who wrote the book Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother describing the story of the author teaching her two daughter with using Chinese strict traditional teaching method.
Covering a large quanity of vocabularies, this book is bound to promote the students' ability of readiing.
Though the author's seventeen years old elder daughter was admitted by Harvard University and Yale University, the methol of the author teaching children leads to discussion by people and most people shows a disapprovement with it.
The food,everyone needs it everyday.However food safety problem become a more and more serious problem today which connected to every person's everyday life.
and great brands,so they often don't pay a lot of attention to the qualities about their food.However,the problem cannot be found at once.When the problem exposure,it always be a very big problem which have a lot of victims.But,it is too late to deal with this kind of problem.
To deal with this kind of situation,We should try our best to let the businessman known that it is not a long way to win benefit.Maybe you can get a lot of money in a very short time,but latter they will lost all their customs in the future.By the way,the government should also pay more attention to not only local businessman,but also some big companies.So they do not dare to play tricks in the food which they made.Also customs should take care about what they eat.If there are some problems they should as soon as possible to let more people know that.Try to make the loss mini-mun.
If everyone do what I said before.Our food problem will not be such a hard problem like today.
Maybe the fact was that you were upset that day.
Maybe the fact was that you had asked a question thousands of times inefficiently.
Maybe the fact was that you were too proud to contact with others.
In our lives, blaming others instead of ourselves is the first step we will take when we come up against a big trouble.
Even the occasion where we can't get along well with the others in a teat m can't remind us that we should try to examine ourselves.
In some cases, we are just like the pigeon.
The pigeon has complained about the awful smell of its nest again and again while we have expressed the dissatisfaction to others' shortcomings around the clock.
If the pigeon can realize its own problem at first and clean itself thoroughly, the nest will have a fresh smell.
If we can examine ourselves and correct our own shortcomings, there will not be so much unpleasant.
Anyway, let's start the self-examination.
At the beginning, you may find it strange to do.However, there is a rule :Don't expect everyone to adapt you.
Just adjust yourself.
Try to make yourself have a peace of mind, and look at your own attitude,habits, manners and so on objectively.
It not only can improve yourself, but also can make a contribution to your group.
The benefits the self-examination makes possible is handsome.
A team consists of all kinds of people.
Only everyone spares no effort to improve oneself, then the team will be a success.
Maybe there is a long way you will have to cover, but just remember that the self-examination is the first step all the time.
Nowadays mobile phones are very common around us.
The number of high school mibile phones users is increasing quickly.
It seems that mobile phones provide much convenience and happiness to us.
But to be realistic, mobile phones also bring us some nagetive effections.
QQ is widely used around us, it is easy for us to connect with each other though it, but there are many students who pay attention to what happends on QQ even during the class.
It can make students catch rabbit in class instead listening carefully what teachers says.What's more, mobile phone is not used as a "phone" but a "PDA", it means that the time we using the Internet is far longer than we belived.
To protect the high school from being keen on the mobile phone, here some personal slutions.First, ban the students using mobile phones during the class.
Second, keep your phone off when you are doing your homework.
Each coins has two sides,that's only my opinion.
Endowed with numerous pleasing traits, cats overwhelmingly eclipse dogs in my mind as a desirable pet.
It is said that a cat has nine lives since they can easily survive from falling.
Just imagine, once your stepping out of the car, a cat jump down from a high balcony and steadily land in front of you as a warm welcome, leaving the envious dog growling and howling inside the door.
How interesting it is.
In addition, cats share totally converse timetable with humans so that both can enjoy the whole privacy.
One need not feel awkward or embarrassed in the morning to dress himself in front of a cat, since after a night of tiring work they have already fallen into a sound sleep.
Also, a heavy sleeper won't bother to interrupt cats' mating at night, so long as they are not too noisy.
There were not the concept of buying or selling a house, because our living house is my dad get someone to cover, neighbors house also is same.
Now, I finally understand, maybe people at that time can not build a house, but can't afford to buy a house, be like now of us.
Maybe in the Chinese nation's five thousand years of history, people have never like this for rooms bitter, for rooms tired, for rooms gaunt.
Those people who can't afford the houses worry about the rising price every day, and the people who bought a house have to pay for it every month.
When people are all anxious about buying houses, and full of dissatisfaction, then the house problem is not a personal problem and became a national issue.
People have called on countries to take measures to stabilize prices, the relevant government departments have introduced measures to regulate.
Although the effect of regulation is just passable, but the developers did not sit, the capital has a famous real estate developers frequently to speak, the most famous speech is: the house is luxury, this would not have poor.
Maybe when people have money, thinking is different from ordinary people.
The house and happiness related, also not shown here.
Women are now talking about marriage, the house has become a prerequisite, if you don't have a house, even if the girl agreed, mother-in-law would not agree, even if the mother-in-law agreed, you also felt sorry.
They have their daughter for you, even you can't give her a place to live, and it also can't pass.
A few days ago a friend said to me, at night dreaming, dreaming of house prices fall.
No wonder people called the unrealistic things dream.
Have a look, the problem of houses have become very serious, and directly affects the happiness of the people.
I have a good friend called Tony who is intelligent.
For the first time I met him at the high school library who was reading books.
My first impression of Tony was that his was quiet and shy.
He is 16 years old which is the oldest in our class.
He is not too tall but he is very clever.
He interested in many kinds of activity for example:soccer,music and the Internet...
I often infected by his polite behavior.
He is working hard who treats people modestly and ready to help others.
He had the patience to help me with my English.
So that I make progress with him helped me.
Each person's behavior showed that they like his.
He is very popular in school.
In the recent years,online shopping is becoming more and more popular.It's a fashion for us to online shopping.
Everything has two sides,so there are both advantages and disadvantages about online shopping.For example,we can buy cheaper clothes on the Internet than once we buy them in the store.Moreover,we can buy anything we need on the Internet.Such as foods,shoes,skirts even if a pet.It is convenient for someone who doesn't have time to go out.All these are the advantages we can get from by online shopping.However,when we buy clothes on the Internet,we won't know the clothes' quality.It's tired for us to send it back to sellers.We may never wear the clothes.So we shouldn't buy the clothes for its low price.
In my opinion,we can go to a store to look the clothes and remember the information of it.When we get home,we can buy the same clothes on the Internet.By this way,not only we can save our money but also we can buy some suitable clothes.Only by knowing more information about online shopping can we get more benefits from it.
Now ,I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.In China,there are lots of traditional festival,but Chinese Spring Festival is more importan than any other festival.
Berore the festival,people often do some cleaning,meaning sweeping the bad luck.Parents buy some new clothes for their children frequently.And people use couplets to decorate their houses,the adults buy all kinds of snacks.
The majority of the population who work out of their own hometown go back ,celebrate the festival with their relatives.
During Chinese Spring Festival, people put on their new clothes to welcome the new year.Otherwise, the members sit around the table,eat dumplings and at the same time watch the TV show.When the clock strikes twelve, people set off the firecracker,it's really beaytiful.
From my standpoint,Chinese Spring Festival is my favorite festival.We always have wishes of the next year,I believe they will all cime true.
A netizen shared a photo about a lady stood in front of a car to contradict the car which was on a bicycle lane.
And the traffic problems is obvious to see.
Nowadays the traffic problem has been more and more important in social.
On the one hand, the cars may make the environment get worse.
On the other hand, cars can bring us a more comfortable life.
Firstly, any drivers do not park their car rightly and it will make the road become shadow.
This make pedestrians hard to walk.
Secondly, the riders of bicycles come in all directions and ride in a rude way.
So the accdients may be more unavoidable.
Finally, the number of cars in our country have greatly increased these years.
To reduce the heavy traffic.
We should obey the relevant laws.
The environment should take actions to improve the sense of people.
The traffic problem will be decreased if all of us do that.
Traffic problems is not a difficult problem that we can't solve it.
Everything will be OK if we do something from this time.
With the development of society, more people followed this whirlwind shopping on the Internet today, shopping online has become a trend.As the weather gets colder, a growing number of white-collar workers are also more likely to shop online.At home, easy and convenient.Also has brought a lot of problems, and today we'll talk about online shopping pros and cons!
Benefits of online shopping: First,Lower prices!In the traditional marketing model, a commodity to go into the hands of consumers.Through layers of the exploits of agents.While the low cost of online shopping is, site fees, utilities, wages, costs fell, prices also fell, but by national logistics Corporation, are often only a few days into your hands, and half the price of price traditions.Second,Shopping more convenient!In the traditional way of shopping in the shops or large supermarkets.Business time limits, consumers went shopping in person, online shopping much more flexible ways that customers can buy sell your merchandise at any time 24 hours, online shopping is not local, only require customers to open a Web site at home does not need to go out, the click of a mouse you can easily shop and sellers responsible for product delivery, can be completed in a very short period of time.But between traditional shopping forms need to run around with a number of stores, gives the customer a lot of time-consuming hard with wagons and Lawton.
Disadvantages of Online Shopping:Description, product information are not clear!Compared with conventional shopping, shopping online return merchandise is a relatively cumbersome and cost risk things.Second, receiving too slow.Third, after-sales service.Fourth, there is an online shopping drawback is that there are certain risks.five:payment security is one major flaw!
In my life I have met many good teachers,among which, I like my middle school English teacher most.I began to like English because of my English teacher in the middle school,who has simulated my great interest in learning English.
She was a little fat woman with long curled hair.When I first saw her,I think she just like the other English teachers, who were boring and strict.But ,in fact, I was wrong.I still remember the situation that she taught our first class.A middle-aged woman with long curled hair came to our class.She told us her English name was Emma,and requested us never call her teacher or teacher Emma.Then she let us stand up because she will teach us an English song.
On that day ,we were singing,dancing and smiling.I thought it was interesting at that time.Besides,she made efforts to attract us to understand the beauty of the language and enjoy the cultures of the foreign countries.
She was easygoing and she has never been impolite to us.Oppositely,she treated us equally.In her class,she always gave us laughter and told us mang English jokes.Let us feel that learning English was very interesting.
She was such an excellent teacher that we got so much from her,not only the knowledge but also kindness,diligence.She did not mind the students'slowness in learning,but what we learnt strong,she often asked us to recall the knowledge in class.All these will be usefui to all my life.
For me,she changed my mind in learning English.Bfore I met her,I just thought English was boring.After learning in her class,I deeply fall in love with English and I decide to study English well.
Thanks to Emma and I will appreciate her forever.
The passage is about some typical events on how inspiration affects people's accomplishment.
I was informed not to wait for inspiration to start a thing.Action always generates inspiration,but conversely,inspiration seldom generates action.
I used to make the mistake of thinking that I had to feel "inspired" in order to write.I have learned though,that is far from the truth.I still fall into that trap while I was writing.But that's in vain.After finishing reading the text,I've learned that action is more important than inspiration.
Besides,creative thinking also plays an important part in our writing.Finally,you need a peculiar kind of sensitivity in your way to write.And these mysteries in one that together constitute the experience of inspiration.
All in all,we should always bear in mind that don't wait for inspiration,or you will wait forever.
Although it is important to look one's best in today's world,I wouldn't sacrifice my health for beauty.
More and More people look forward to being beautiful that's why there is excessive emphasis on appearance these days.Some do cosmetic surgery and apply a heavy make-up while others even do some horrendous things in order to make themselves more beautiful.These all do harm to people's health.It is ridiculous that people sacrifice their health for beauty and endure such considerable pain and suffering.
Furthermore,not only should we judge people by their appearance,but also we should judge the whole person.Beauty without health is equivalent to a body without soul.Peopleshouldn't feel unhappy because they don't fit society's current ideas of what is beautiful.
Only the people who with health are the most beautiful people.That is the reason why I wouldn't sacrifice my health for beauty.
With the development of society, people's living standards are rising, many people always choose drive private cars instead of taking public trans portions when they commutes.
So it is cause overcrowding, there is no doubt that it will result in a lot of problems.
Overcrowding will cause plenty of problems.
First, it will pollute our environment, with the private cars' number are increasing, the emissions of exhaust gas will also increase, it will cause a lot of environmental problems and add up to the environmental pressure.
Second, it will influence on our work efficiency.
Sometimes,when we go to work,maybe we will meet a rush hour, it will let us in a bad condition,we will not so patient with our work, it will reduce our work efficiency.
Third, overcrowding will lead to the traffic accident, it will increase the death toll.
Overcrowding also influence on the development of economy.
To sum up, overcrowding will produce lots of problems.
As far as I am concerned, we should take actions to solve the problems caused by overcrowding.In my personal views,I think the most essential thing is to reduce the number of private cars,maybe we can tax to private car owners to achieve it.
Listening is a kind of manner to show your respect to the talker.
The attitude of listening depends on how you treat people.
to make good relationship with guys.
Nowadays, children have generation gap to parents.
Parents should listen to their children's words more often to understand children and to eliminate the generation gap.
Teachers should listen to students know them better.
They will meet their needs better by doing it.
Classmates may have trouble in relationship sometimes.
They can improve their relationship by doing it.
They can also learn with each other.
Listening is a habit.
It's also a skill.
When listening, you must pay all attention to doing it.
And you must catch the most important points in the talk.
You can focus into talkers'eyes.
This manipulation is sincere.
It also makes you are more easily to understand each other.
In recent years,more and more people like to learn English online.Because English is very important for us.
So we need to know how to learn English well.
I think learning English online is a very good choice.First, learning English online is very convient.
We can find anything we need.
And we can learn English any time.
Second,learning English online is interesting.
We can learn many fresh things on the Internet.
Finally,learning English online not only help us master the English, bnt also open us eyes.Do you think so?
This is my opinions.
I hope we can learn English well.
With the development of science and technology, mobile phones are becoming the most popular communication device.And I can't image how we would live without it.
As we all know, mobile phones take many benefits to our daily life.
First, it makes it possible for people from all over the world to stay in touch.
Second, compared with writing a letter, it seems more faster and can give us a personal feeling.
In addition,the mobile phone is a flexible means to share your emotions as well as daily life almost every time and every where you want.
"Each coin has two sides ",mobile phones also do harm to both physical and mental health.
On the one hand, people spend much time in entering QQ and playing games in mobile phones,which makes us too easily become shortsighted.
On the other hand, students focus so much energy on their mobile phones that their academic achievement is trending downward.
In my view,love means" together",our heart stay together.Today,I want to share the emotion I have had during the last few days.
To be honest,I really wanted back to that unforgettable days.I never forgot it.
Last year,my classmates and I represented Sichuan Fine Arts Institute as volunteer teacher,we went to the countryside and helped the local school students learn some drawing and handwriting.
It was a long way to the countryside and it spent us a long time taking bus,we all feel tired,but we still have the strong will.Nothing could interfere us.
Luckly,we reached the destination that evening,we finally found that the village was poor,when we met those students,a number of the students were quite nervous and shy,after a while, they became energetic and talkative,so we can communicate with them easily.
To our surprise,they picked up everything so fast because they were eager to gain knowledge although they were poor.We are shocked by their faith,we also had sympathy with students who were in misfortune.
At the same time, we had fun together, exercising together and stay together,We all filled with in a loving atmosphere.
Not only had we build up the relationship with the children,but we also spread the love,something heavy love.
This is what the love means,we are here,we are together.Focus on poverty group,let more people know the truth of love.
In this book, Charles Dickens showed us the dark capitalist society of that period and the unmitigated life that poor kids have.
But fortunately, justice defeat evil.
At last, Oliver, the character of this novel who is a poor orphan without anybody's love and had a miserable childhood, and some good people in this book lived with a perfect happiness.
The story started in a cold winter.
A women dead after the moment she gave birth to her health baby and threw him into a world full of poverty and crime.
The baby was Oliver who suffered enormous pain, such as hunger, thirst, beating and abuse in workhouse.
He escaped to London by himself because he can't put up with someone like Mrs.Bumble and Mrs.Sowerberry who treated him so badly.
But lucky didn't smile on him.
He got bogged down in a den of thieves.
In a failed theft action, Oliver met Mr.Brownlow by accident.
It was Mr.Brownlow who helped Oliver find out his true parentage.
There is a brave girl named Nancy, who risked her life telling Mr.Brownlow and Rose Maylie who is Oliver's aunt about what Monks and Fagin want to do to stain Oliver's reputation and rob his property that his father left.
Unfortunately, Nancy was killed by Sikes whom she loved, but her kind and brave impressed us.
At last, Fagin who is a powerful crime leader that has an affection for only money and will kill anyone who stands in his way was arrested by police and killed in a legal way because his crime.
In addition, Monks who is Oliver's old brother in fact also got into prison and end his life in there.
He became the adopted son of Mr.Brownlow and began his happy life .
The reason is the nature of goodness.
I think it is the most important information implied in the novel by Dickens-he believed that goodness could conquer every difficulty.
I do believe that those who are kind-hearted live more happily than those who are evil-minded.
As far as I am concerned, the nature of goodness is one of the most necessary character for a person.
Goodness is to humans what water is to fish.
He who is without goodness is an utterly worthless person.
On the contrary, as the famous saying goes, 'The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose', he who is with goodness undoubtedly is a happy and useful person.
People receiving his help are grateful to him and he also gets gratified from what he has done, and thus he can do good to both the people he has helped and himself.
cademic plagiarism has long been a headache for college teachers, and various anti-plagiarism apps are designed to solve this problem.
Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a composition of about 200 words based on the picture below.
As students, we always have a lot of exams every word.The test is to use now check students learning.Exams are a very useful and important educational tool of measurement.
However, the test has some of the side effects of their own.
First of all, some examinations do not reflect the true progress students.Second, too difficult or too many exams force students to cheat in exams.
Too many exams forcing students to study for the test.
In my opinion, advantages of exams far outweigh their disadvantages.
Although their side effects, in the inspection and test show students' learning science and accurate.At least so far there has been not any method that take their place in education.
In addition, the test seems to treat all the students is objective, and everyone is equal before test results.
There is a wide concern over the issue that which is crucial between Academic Performance and Communication Ability in the university .But opinion concerning this topic vary from person to person .
A majority of people believe that Academic Performance is much more important than Communication Ability .First of all,Academic performance is a standard to judge the student"s ability.
Whats more Academic Performance is also a key for graduates to go further studies.In addition good Academic performance can also bring you a good job .But on the other hand ,other people hold the different idea that they think Communicatian Ability is significant to the former .In the first place communication is a bridge connected to the different people .And in the second place communicatian Ability plays an important role in society nowadays.
As far as I am concerned ,I think Academic Performance and Communication both are of great importance to us .In short we should keep a balance between study and communication.So that I am confident that a brighter future is awaiting us.
Capital is a very effective way to prevent these desperate and wild criminals from causing more disasters.It robs them of their opportunity to live in the world.It makes no preparation for them to create a bright future.It offers no chances for them to make great contributions to our country.
It is devoid of all possibilities for them to enjoy a wonderful life.There is never a shadow of doubt that capital is a kind of punishment which closes the door for criminals to turn a new leaf.
Not only does capital take no care of criminals' future,it also brings a large amount of sorrows and disasters .Assuming that a son passed away, wouldn't his mother's eyes become dry after the streams of tears roll down constantly.
Supposing that a husband said goodbye to his wife, wouldn't her heart go into pieces and lose the strength to support a big family.
Provided that a father suddenly disappeared from a daughter's life, wouldn't her life be covered by a dome of shadow hopelessly and dimly.
In addition,capital also pays no attention to humanity and fraternity.
It is universally acknowledged that everyone is born equal.Therefore, we are supposed to treat everyone equally .People have no right to bring others' lives to an end, including those who have committed serious crimes.
Capital is a kind of cruel, inhuman , ruthless punishment regardless of fraternity and philanthropy.Despite the fact that they have ever done harm to others, we also should take their bright sides of nature into consideration.
Never should we turn a blind eye to the end of one'life which accounts for punishing his crimes.
To sum up,capital is an unreasonable way to deal with criminals.
Besides, it also provokes a fit of sadness.Last but not the least, it is lacking of kindness and forgiveness.Therefore, it goes without saying that to some extent the death is a step back.
I'm Lucy,a girl from America,and now I live in New York.Last week I went to Beijing for traveling with my parents.I went there by plane and I got there at four o'clock p.m. 3rd November.
We have been there four days.The first day,we visited the Tiananmen Square,there were many people.
The second day,we climbed the Great Wall,we were so tired.And the third day,we went to the Forbidden City which is located on central axis of old Beijing.The last day,we went to a Chinese restaurant to eat dumpings.And then we went to Xidan to buy some gifts for my friends.In the afternoon,we went back our home.We had a good time and took many photos in this traveling.
Nowadays,it is convenient for people to use a phone to reach other people,in a survey ,Naomi Baron said "What they like most about the phone is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people can reach them.
"Though it based on a survey,I do not completely agree with this view.
On the one hand,I recognized that almost everyone has this thought sometimes,because to some extents ,each of us have more or less selfish ,sometimes we only think ourselves,and do not think about others,some can produce this thought.And we are afraid other people bother us sometimes.
But on the other hand ,I do not think people always like that.As usual,people reach other because they have something want to know,so they want to reach others,and I am sure that all of us know it,so other people can answer their in no time unless there is some special situation.People want to get along well wih other people,phone calls and text-messaging is a good way to reach other people.People can not deliberate stop other people reach them.
As far as I am concerned,people do not always like think so.And I think people ought to make a good use of phone calls or text-messaging to reach other people, should not only bother others.
traditional culture.Since all the cultures make up a cultural system of the whole world,cultural encounters may contribute to the cultural development.
challenges,I have some ideas which consists of three parts.
fade as long as we take precautions against current problems.
as holding different cultural events,setting some traditional competitions concerning culture,to draw the young's attention.
to the new world and refresh it.
At present, the employment situation of college graduates in China is quite stern.
In order to relieve employment situation, a suggestion is made that companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities for the new generation.As far as I am concerned, I don't agree with this opinion.
The reasons are as follows.
First of all, early retirement of high-level employees may lead to a waste of human resources.
On the one hand, with the increase in people's living standard, a large majority of people are vigorous and at the Golden Age of work at the age of 55.
On the other hand, a considerable proportion of them are specialized personnel in certain fields.Though to a certain degree early retirement relieves the burden of state-owned enterprises.
Nevertheless, due to serious waste of human resources, it bound to produce profound negative effects on the long-term development of social economy.
Secondly, new generation can't completely replace the position of the high-level employees, as new generation can't achieve high skill level in the short term.
Besides, though retired from original position, the great majority of the high-level employees will seek other working opportunities.
Actually, the employment situation is not alleviated.
In a word, if we can make full use of the high-level employees, the nation output is likely to increase, then create more jobs and provide new working opportunities for the young people.
Moreover, our government should do everything possible to produce working opportunities for the new generation.
Please note that I have booked Rooms 101 and 102 for the seminar next week.
I'd be grateful if you would now confirm this booking and the final schedule for the event with security.
Also note that Mr.Rorbert will be one hour late on the Monday morning,because he something important to deal with.
At the moment,we are all busy now.Diffetent people are doing different things.
watching TV.I have a cat,it is playing with a ball.
Now let me introduce a series of activities that I've taken part in.I took part in literature club three months ago.So in free time,I hve a great chance to appreciate famous books which were written by excellent writers.What's more,after plenty of study and practice,I've made progress in writing compositions.In sport aspect,it's a desirable idea to learn ping-pang.Having studied for a long time,playing it made me feel excited.In addition,watching English films has become my main entertainment way.I not only get realxed from it but also learn how to speak English better.As we grew older ,benefical after-school activities are able to develop our interests and help us to enjoy colour school life.
The activities which we enjoy can improve our abliity even helps us to lead a perfect future.So we should choice healthy and fantastic activities.If an activity is something you don't like,you can give up it though most of individuals are interested it.I think something you really like,it's best to you.So much for these,I hope this essay may help you and I think you'll have enjoyable school lives.
Nowsdays,computers are very popular around us.Many people like chat with people in the Internet.This way have both advantages and disadvantages.Generally,the advantages can be listed as follows.
First of all, chat in the Internet is relax,because you can tell them your things whether those things is happy or sad or you can not tell your parent ,they will keep your secrets.
Beside,whenever you want chat ,always have a person wait you.Finally,you can chat with people all over the world and can learn other country is cultures and customs.
But every coin has two sides.To begin with ,this way will make people have fewer opportunities to talk to each other face to face.What is more,it may be let people perfer writing to speaking .The last but not least, due to you and you Internet friends never see each other.,you may be swindled.
Though above analysics ,I believe that chat with people in the Internet should be appropriate,it would be best to chat with each other face to face.
The death penalty is existed since ancient times.
About the death penalty if there is rationality this problem, different countries give different answers.
People on this issue also have different point of view.
As for me, I think that the death penalty is social insecurity.
The earth is the greatly small countries constitute; Countries by the social structure is; Thousands families make society; The family is the father mother and child constitutes.
The whole human civilization is the life in this earth create together.
The complexity of social relations between us together for the future of the human beings .
So, for society of managers, the government, it is necessary to make some regulation to regulate the behavior of the citizens.As the saying goes: "rules get things done" Do this to the normal operation of the society.
But, inevitably, there will be some people in violation of these regulations, and therefore punishment will follow.
The death penalty is the highest limit punishment in order to punish those heinous.
We all know, in the heart of every man always has a special place for someone.
Everyone, whether poor or rich, beautiful or ugly, will be really cared about by others.
Life for everyone is hard to get and we should cherish it.
With our parents and teacher's instruction,we learn how to be a well-behaved citizen.
In our lifetime, we will make a lot of mistakes, but we correct the mistakes and in the process we also learn to be a human beings.
A saying goes to call: "nobody's perfect," Everyone makes mistakes, realizes that is wrong and then corrects it .
The most valuable thing is that we know mistakes and put right.And the death penalty to a person is the whole life's veto.
You will not have any chance to correct mistakes, because you have on right which is the most basic raw land rights to all.
This is a cruel punishment!Therefore,the death penalty is a step back.
Some classmates think going online is good for our study.Because it can help us learn more information and broaden our minds.We can only get a part of information and broaden our minds.We can only get a part of information which we must know from books,and that's why we need to study online.The second reason is we can communicate with each other and sharing things that made us happy with other people.It will make us more happy to do that.If we are tired of our homework ,we can also play some games to relax.Then we can study better than before.
But the other classmates think it is bad for our life .They think most of students can't draw them up.They will play games and communicate with other people all the time.It will cost lots of time and energy and be bad for our eyes.
I think going online is good or bad depends on the person.If he can draw him up well,it will help him a lot .But if he can't ,he had better learn information by book.
With the development of the society , low-carbon lifestyle has become popular with people recently .
Also , it is necessary for people to enjoy a low-carbon lifestyle under the recent environment.
It is a kind of lifestyle , which can be described as the decrease of carbon dioxide in daily life or in the industry .
Protecting the environment and saving water as well as electricity are the ways we can do to build this lifestyle.
So , some measures must be taken by our college students .
First , we may go to school by bike or on foot instead of by cars , to reduce the air pollution as much as possible .
Besides , in order to save energy we can reuse the water and use fewer plastic bags that will cause white pollution .
And , planting more trees to make our air fresher is certainly a great idea .
Last but not least , we should realize the importance of environment protection in our low-carbon lifestyle .
themselves lost contact with the outside world.they are regarded as Humble abode.
do not want to talk people face to face.
Two reasons can account for this phenomenon .
gap between rich and poor has taken placed in more and more areas.
without income must confront with the problem of eating and living.
their own house, consequently , Humble abode appears.
work,they need to change their job frequently.
What's worse ,their job can't bring them high income.
environment is terrible.
As far as I am concerned.
more hlep and concern.
If asked whether we could still enjoy our comfortable, convenient and contented modern life without the new technological inventions, we would definitely answer "no".Phones seem to be so dominant in daily life that they have become indispensable to our life.Many people have been considered very harmful to relationships between people.
There is indeed some truth in the worry.People tend to spend too much time on technological inventions,which leads to the terrible result that people have no time interacting with others in real life.If this continues,the gap between people will be wider and wider.For another,people become too reliant on the new technological inventions to solve problems in life.Our dependence on the inventions keeps us indoors,making many of us suffer from a decline in physical condition and abilities.
In view of all the above analysis,I suggest we make good use of inventions.On the one hand,we should take full advantage of it to improve ourselves.On the other hand,it's advised to keep it at a safe distance and indulged in it because of the relationship is priceless.
Nowadays, the high-consumption and high-pollution economy model and lifestyle is becoming the killer of the earth and human beings.
Several weeks ago, Chai Jing, a formal journalist, has made a documentary on China's air pollution-----"Under the Dome".
Regarding this, most people pay more attention to the way to deal with the problem of air pollution.
As far as I'm concerned, the most efficient method is introducing a policy of frightening up environmental management.
As we all know, Singapore is a country with neat and tidy environment, which results from rigorous management.
For one thing, tightening up environmental management can restrict the sulfur dioxide emissions and industrial dust discharged much better.
And these emissions are exactly the culprit of air pollution.
For another, it is the vehicle exhaust emissions that also lead to the seriousness of air pollution.
However, with the new policy, it can reduce the use of vehicle in order to reduce the gases emission.
All in all, everyone are supposed to shoulder great duties of protecting our unique home----earth.
Do not until when we confront catastrophe can we realize the importance of avoiding environmental degradation.
Everyone has his or her dream.
My dream is to be a Chinese teacher.
There are three reasons for this.
First, I am good at Chinese and I think Chinese is interesting.
If I became a teacher, I would be friendly to my students and never make homework to them.
Second, I can watch them grow and improve.
Third, teacher have two long vacations in a year.
and have a trip.
But teacher is not a easy job, I must be responsible for students.
I must study hard and learn well.
This summer vacation I thought different.
My mother said we that I would go to Hainan in July 17th.
We are happy to tour.
I made a basketball class.
Is difficult to learn basketball because is very tired.
At home I usually watch football and basketball match.
I'm a fan of football and basketball.
I'm going to summer camp every summer, but this summer I don't go.
I think I can make a summer timetable for my summer life.
If you don't do it, it's a mess.
I love summer holiday I love my summer life.
It is very funny.
It is easily seen that many college students choose to take part-time jobs, such as family education, waiters and so on .The effects of this phenomenon is obvious to see.
First, the immediate result it produces is to make your spare time abundant and useful.
This means that you are not necessary addicted to playing computer games or other things when you are free.
Secondly, doing part-time jobs can bring you extra money so that you can buy something that you really want.
In this way, you can release your family's expenses and be independent of your own efforts.
Last but not least, it's a good way to contact the complicated society.
Through taking part-time jobs, you can receive the experience of communicating with different kinds of people who will help you a lot when you find work after graduation.
I believe that taking part-time jobs is a good choice for you to make better use of your spare time.
The Winter Holiday is coming.So I feel extremely happy.During the holiday we'll have the Spring Festival.All of the children like the Spring Festival because they can eat much different food and get the lucky money.
Every day in my Winter Holiday,I get up late.First, I got up to meet friends.After meeting my friends,my family including a trip.That's nice.
Of course,study is essential,so I don't forget to read books.To sum up,my holiday is great!
From 2015 on ,September 3rd is stipulated anniversary of the victory of the Anti Japanese War.
Our country set anniversary for historical significant events.seeing from the word "anniversary",Why he to do that is in order to make us memorize the history.
If our country do not set such a anniversary for history,I believe that a part of Chinese people still do not know which year the Anti Japanese War explored,not to mention the specific date of the Anti Japanese War,I am very ashamed but have to recognize that I am the kind of person belong to that part of Chinese.Now,with such a memorable day,it make this part of Chinese who do not know much about history like me want to know it all.
In July 7th,1937,Japan launched entire aggression war,it is called Anti Japanese War,this war is with the Second World War.Confronted with cruel and heartless Japanese invaders,Chinese people do not fear,do not shrink back,take heart to meet this bloody battle.The Anti Japanese War lasted 8 years,our country sacrificed more than 350 million people including brave soldiers and volunteered civilians.After 8-year's battle,people,material resources and finance lost hugely.In the end,China won the war and Japan surrendered without any condition.The victory of the Anti Japanese War made a huge contribution to the Second World War.
Japan has offended China more than once.Nanjing Massacre,we can realize the cruel means of Japan to China from relative film or themes.However,we are living in the new and peaceful world,whatever identity we are regarded as except eyewitness,to watch the massacre,we will all grow a kind of anger that both man and God hate greatly.So you see, how cruel and guilty Japan is!In Nanjing,Japanese massacred 2 million even 3millions Chinese soldiers and civilians,set fire,robbed,raped violently and so on.Japanese did not let women and children off,even old men.When I am describing this history,my fists clench automatically and my body tremble slightly,yeah,I am angry now.
All the crimes Japan has committed,regardless of the aggression of China or the damage to the world peace,all this can not be blotted out.But Japan strongly denies his behavior to China,even has rewritten their textbook.We memorize history,not for revenging one day,it is not an extension of sin,it is for remembering the dead who guard our country,bring peace to us.Thousands of spilled blood,like bloody scene of the past leap before our eyes,we can not forget it and have not to forget.
In order to protect our home,to protect the future of us,they have sacrificed their life.We only remember history,remember them,remember their sacrifice,and their sacrifice is in order to defend China.Now,let us continue the protection.China has gone through vicissitudes and improved more,we must not forget the effort of backside.Whether the past China or present China,both of them are named China.History is a part of China,remember history,protect history,it is also protect China.
I AM VERY HAPPY TO RECIVE YOU LETTER.AND HEAR FROM YOUR SCHOOL LIFE.NOW I WILL TELL YOU ABOUTMY SCHOOL LIFE.
I ALWAYS GET UP AT 7 O'CLOCK.I HAVE MY BREAKFAST AND THEN I GO TO SCHOOI BY SCHOOL BUS.AT SCHOOL I HAND IN MY HOMEWORK AND TALK WITH MY FRIENDS.
WHEN THE RING RINGS.WE WILL HAVE MY FIRST CLASS.MY BEST LESSON IS ENGLISH AND HISTORY.BUT,I DON'T LIKE MATH AND CHEMISTRY.I THINK IT IS VERY HARD.
I USUALLY HAVE CLUB ACTIVITIES AFTER SCHOOL.I JOIN BASKETBALL AND THE SCHOOL CHOIR.I LIKE IT VERY MUCH.
If my foreign friend comes to my hometown.
I will take his to the Taiji Cave.I choose this place.Because this place have lake and mountain.that's beautiful and relaxed.
Just arrive to this place.You can go to play in the lake.At the same time,you can see beautiful lotus.Then,Though the woods.You can play on the swing.Then, you can see a shopping mall.
Last,you will really come to the Taiji Cave's door.In the hole.You can see many stalactites.These are natural wonders.These stalactites are colorful.That's so beautiful.
At last.I will welcome your arriveal.
So it is quite clear that education can result in a wholly good effect.
as we all know,love is around everyone.There's lots of love around me as well .My mother loves me .
She gets up early in order to make breakfast .I feel warm when l get love from her.
Nowadays, a hot and essential controversy centering on the concerns whether Network real-name system.
A fair proportion of people contend that the network have to use the real name, other people, nevertheless, advocate that network not necessary use you real name.
As far as I am concerned, I side with the latter.
Of the countless reasons or facts that strengthen my viewpoint, I will present the most consequential and conspicuous ones here.
The first plain truth I am presenting here is that thousands people were used unreal name posted vary points on the network that is instrumental to freedom.
Today, nothing is more important than freedom and on no account can we ignore the importance of privacy.
A man without freedom express, most of us believe, is an unfortunate victim of an adversary environment, deprived of a wide assortment of twentieth-century opportunities.
For example, convinced of the paramount value of network freedom, I devoted myself to doing the network unreal-name system, and got back a millions support in the from of the big group.
A fair proportion of people, however, have not clear what is the unreal-name system, and consequently, has not enjoyed the same level of success as I have.
Suppose of all of us do use the real-name system at network.
Therefore, the most striking conclusion is obvious that network keep use the unreal-name system will keep the freedom.
Now, the phenomenon of flash marriage has become more and more popular in the young person.
Flash-marriage has a lot of bad influence on young people.
There are many disadvantages of flash marriage.
First, the flash- marriage can't understand each other very well, so they may face many problems which raise the rate of divorce.
Second, the divorce will affect the children's physical and mental development.
Last but not least, the flash- marriage is an irresponsible attitude on their marriage.
In my opinion, I disagree with the flash-marriage.
As a person, we must be responsible for our own life.
If you want to marry someone, you must know him or her very well, and master him or her personal qualities instead of a flash look.
Please pay a sense of responsibility on marriage and far away from the flash-marriage.
Being in love is easy, being married is not.
It's to be cherished.
My future life is very simple, study hard, to learn in the first place, the high school the first three years through the most difficult, if have the opportunity to enter a good university in the future, so I will redouble our efforts, my ideal is to luzhou medical school, but I studied liberal arts.
So this may not be able to achieve the ideal, but I still won't give up.
Over their own learning later in life, I will fight for their own ideal, don't give up because of a little bit of frustration, then find a job you enjoy, serious struggle for their ideal.
After watching this movie, what I am deepest impressed on are the mother's words.
Mother tried to let him foreknow to face up to difficulty and adversity with confidence and bravery.
Later, mother took him to school and talked the headmaster into asking his son to go to school.
However, the president said that her son's IQ was only 75.
His mother always makes him appreciate that even though surrounded by adversity we will become a hero daring to face dripping blood, daring to confront the gloomy life.
Otherwise, it seems difficult for Forrest to absorb mother's words when he is a child.
There seemed to be sorrows in his eyes.
He thought people looked him with strange eyes.
Yet it's mother's words that stimulated him to confront sorrows.
He always replied: " stupid was as stupid did".
Finally, when mother was dying, he was told that death is a part of life, we should not be scared and sad but positive and optimistic.
At last, he understood the implication of her words.
As long as you are unyielding, miracles happen every day.
In my opinion, his mother is a kind, independent, strong and wise woman, being the beacon on the road of his life.
Mother's incentive words make him defeat the hardship and get recognition and respect of others.
In a nut shell, the movie lets me attain a new comprehension of life.
Firstly, if God closes a door, he will open a window for you in another place.
We can't master our fate but we can determine our attitude.
Confronted with life's storms we will soar like a courageous petrel.
I remember I have seen a phrase: Broken wings, flying heart.
Indeed, we choose to strongly face difficulties so that the root of sufferings will grow into the flower of happiness.
I forever don't forget a book I read in childhood.
The book tells a story that a child, considered as a moron, later became a wold-known scientist under the patient teaching of mother.
The protagonist is the king of invention-- Edison.
He was regarded as moron because of frequently asking some odd questions while became a genius.
I want to emphasize even if others think you are a fool, you have to overcome this resistance and spread your wings to fly.
In addition, the film also deepens my understanding of attachment, friendship.
Although Bubba had sacrificed in the war, Gump realized Bubba's desire and opened a famous shrimp company.
This is the true meaning of friendship.
Friendship is a responsibility of scattering the darkness of another person's life like a lamp.
As for love, Forrest Gump always is faithful to the most beautiful name--Jenny.
As he said, he may not be intelligent while he knows what is love.
Boccaccio has a famous saying that true love can encourage people and arouse his inner strength and potential talent.
It's Jenny's words that provided Forrest with the force of running and hopes.
As the ending of the movie said, each of us may have a fortune or float around accidental like on a breeze.
But I believe love, friendship and affection never vanish.
Man proposes and God disposes.
Nevertheless, no matter how hopeless, as long as we are pure and upright, believe we can reach goals and go towards the sunshine, one day we will be triumphant.
First,I want to claim my understanding of success.What is success,i am in university,we all talk about our future job,future salary,so do have a good job or have a high salary be success?What use of unversity?Not teaching us how to find a job,how to continue to get a higher diploma after graduating from university.Instead,unversity should lead us to recognize ourself,help us to watch this world using correct method,most important,it should help us find our dream.I exist in this world,not because a good job,a good salary,but because i can think,i can look for my dream,i can do things that i want to do.The happiest people is who know himself.I am not saying job and salary are not important,it is just productions of our dream.Whatever you do,just be your dream,just be happy.I think the most important factor to be successful is that you must have your own thought.And success is just be what you are.
People's living standard soars with the progress of the society.
They seek more in spiritual aspect,such as travelling and reading.
A growing number of people have more time and money to travel or visit tourist attractions.
Many tourist attractions have more and more tourists during peak travel seasons in recent years, let alone scenic spots and historical sites.
Having realized all these, many historical interests have carried out one policy,that is, charging tourists higher entry fees during peak travel seasons.
Personally, I'm completely in favor of it.
The main reasons are as follows.
The first reason is related to the feature of the tourist attraction.
Some people claim that these tourist attractions belong to the public.
Therefore, they believe it is improper for tourist attractions to charge higher entry fees.
However,they ignore one fact that these tourist attractions are precious legacies inherited from ancient times.
All these scenic spots and historical sites should be under proper protection so that we can leave it to our next generation,or generation to generation.
There is no doubt that a lot of energy will be invested in this kind of protection.
Of course, money is indispensable.
During peak travel seasons, charging higher fees is the best choice.
Just like a saying goes"kill two birds with one stone", this policy,on one hand, can raise the money for protecting the legacy.
On the other hand, the number of tourists can be controlled by higher fees.
Second, charging higher entry fees during peak travel seasons may change some people's plans.
On the contrary,they may find a slack season to go to these scenic spots and historical sites so that they can have a lot of fun.
Under the circumstances, the scenic spots and historical sites can make sure there will fewer problems happened, such as steal.
Third, from a macro perspective, China, is a country with socialist market economy and we should use our economic levers as changing situations.
The scenario that a growing number of people come to visit these scenic spots and historical sites asks for a change in the entry fees of scenic spots and historical sites.
However, one point which can't be forgotten is that the price adjustment has to be legal and always be lined with the economic environment.
From all the above analysis,we can draw the conclusion that the purpose of charging higher entry fees is to reduce the number of tourists so as to better protect the priceless heritage.
Meanwhile, it can also promise tourists' safeties and the quality of the visits.
We should make sure that the historical interests are as excellent as before.
Equally crucial, all these things are under general background of the market economy and hence we should implement everything under the economy system.Through this event, I conclude that we can't just approach the issue from our own benefits.
It's essential that we should view the matter in a more objective perspective.
Hi,John.I will tell you something about Chinese Soring Festival.To Chinese,the Spring Festival is the most important of the traditional Chinese holidays.The festival traditionally begins on the first day of the first month in the Chinese calendar and ends on the 15th.Chinese New Year's Eve is known as chu xi.It literally means Yearpass Eve.
Within Chinese,regional customs and traditions concerning the celebration of the Chinese new year very widely.People will pour out their money to buy presents,decoration,matercial,food and clothing.It is also the tradition that every family thoroughil cleans the house to sweep away any ill-fortune in hopes to make way for good incoming luck.
During the Spring Festival,people use red lantern and Spring Festival couplets decorate a house ,put on all kinds of coloured clothes,often visit friends and relatives or together eat dumplings,fish, meat and other delicious food.The children are looking forward to receiving red envelope money,and together they play each other the fireworks,with happy.Street with dragon and lion dance andsome other carnival activities ,CCTV will held the grand Spring Festival gala.
according to this fat man word , we can know that the fat man is sink into the money of trap.
Which is the money is most important than others.
away from home even sell the children's organ.Such all these heatful men.
It's too dangerous they do, but they willing to pay everything.
The money can bring to us whatever we want.
Just like there is a millionaire who possess everything expect good health.
If he got a fatal illness, and only can live a few months.
him a longer life.
In my opinion, the money can't buy love, friendship and family affection.
A person's heart and authenticity are most important, as the saying goes, the money is the root of all evils, it make people lost what is the most true, and makes them to the crime.
In a word, the money is not everything, and something it's nothing.
In my opinion,it is very difficult to prove someone is guilty or not .
The principle must be clear.This phenomenon is very common in the society .
For example ,if we want to prove someone is guilty, the first thing we should know is his inducement of crime .
No one would transgress without excuse .
We must know his destination.
Secondly, there must be one or many victims .
The victims could be people or objects .We are supposed to know what loss has been brought to victims .
It is a crux to prove someone is guilty.
Thirdly, if there is a witness ,the witness's testimony,is very useful to prove someone is innocent or not.
No crime would be ignored .Everyone should be responsible for their behaviors.
In a conclusion , we should prove someone innocent or not clearly .We can't treat people unjustly and we also can't ignore any crimes.
Self-confidence,frankly speaking,has been viewed as an essential and indispensable component for individuals and groups to stand in society.Just like Bernard shaw said,"Those who have confidence can be of little great,for the magic of mediocrity.
"There is no doubt that one without self-confidence cannot get along well with others.Nevertheless,how to build up self-confidence yet worries people who are not assertive enough.
Therefore,the reasons and measures of lacking self-assurance are as follows.
Above all,tell yourself that I can do it myself frequently,which contributes to you enhancing your confidence.When you are trapped in trouble,it may remind of you that you have the capacity to deal with it successfully and perfectly.
Secondly,challenge yourself continually and do what you are afraid of before,which could promote your courage.In fact,lack of self-assertion might attribute to fear of failures and worrying about losing face.From my view,there is no need for us to be concerned about it.Believe it or not,everyone begins with green hands and no one never lose face in his whole life.Take it easy,failures and face-losing mean nothing in our profound and colorful lives.By contract,if you make every possible effort to challenge it positively and actively,you might find out reasons and solutions.In addition,once you finish it,you would enjoy the fruits of success and boost your self-confidence.
Last but not least,to be a free and easy person.There is no absolutely perfect person in the real world.Thus,do not put too much stresses yourself,which results in sresss-related illnesses eventually.It is manifest that only when you become positive and optimistic can you cope with troubles effectively.By this time,not only do you get relaxed and entertained,but also you are able to make dramatic progress in strengthening your self-assurance.
As long as you are alive,you ought to be equipped with confidence by whatever way you can imagine.Only in this way can you stand in the society forever and firmly.
Mr He is my math teacher,he is a 40-year-lod man.
He is a good teacher.
In 1980,he comes my school to teach math.
This year he is hart-working at work he has much knowledge.
He thinks math is an important and interesting subject.
He good at teaching.
All the students love hem,he also friendly with us,but sometimes are serious for us.
He often encourages us to study.
My study is good at his help.
I think my grade is better than before.
So,I should thank you.
I'm always confused with "s" and "th".
The charts were too larger to spread on the delicate tea table, Dick saw the problem.After the user summons a transient application, all the information and facilities he needs should be right there on the surface of the application's single window.
Instead of keeping it out of the system, the programmer needs to make the system immune to inconsistencies and gaps in the information.
If the information provided by the alert were built into the main Find dialog, the user's burden would be reduced by half.
They should also be shown with more reasonable and consistent precision.
The meaning of the information could be shown visually, and the numbers would merely add support.
There is no perfect life, but we can fill it with perfect moments.
Those moments refer to the knowledge that life teaches us.
It seems that when we are born, life has already become the greatest teacher of us .
A good case in point is that almost every child likes eating sweets, but there is a truth he or she has to accept, that is they will have cavities if eating sweets too much.
So here life shows us an important lesson, which contributes to our growth.
It tells us that no matter how we love something, we should remember to master the degrees.
Because once we break the balance, happiness can also become pain.
Then let me illustrate another useful guideline that life teaches us--expecting less.
For example, we often expect to get a better score than before, however the truth usually let us down.
This makes us lose passion in studying, which is the same as other things.
Thus we are supposed to expect less though we wish a good result.
Life, the greatest teacher, is full of infinite wisdom.
So as long as we experience it slowly, we are able to live happier.
Once More to the Lake is one of the most enduring essay of E. B .White.
In this essay, the author went back to the lake in Maine, which gave him the best memory in his childhood and made him feel the flying of time and cruelty of human life cycle by comparing, consciously or not, the memory and reality of nature and human beings at the lake.
After reading E. B.
White's Once More to the Lake, I almost consider that I have been there already.
According to the descriptions by the author, the overall view of the lake appears into my mind.
Out of question, I have been deeply attracted by those beautiful scenes and cultures.
The author remembers the area clearly due to his tracing back to the surrounds environments among his younger time.
From here, I can distinctly see the author's hard impression on the area which he lived in when he was young.
At the same time, the deep impression of the past supplied an integrated pattern to compare with the present situation.
The lake and its surroundings seemed exactly the same, as if there were no passage of time.
This confused White with the past and the present.
However, the reality constantly resurfaced and destroyed his illusion of timelessness.
The road leading to the tennis court had changed.
The waitresses had changed and the motorboats had changed.
All these fragments of changes weighed heavily on White's heart, cruelly reminding him that time flows on and he would finally grow old.
--lying in the bed the first morning, smelling the bedroom, and hearing the boy sneak quietly out and go off along the shore in a boat.
His little son reminds him of his own childhood and his dead father of his own death.
In this sense, the revisit to the lake becomes a "review" of his childhood and youth through his little son and at the same time, a "preview" of his senility and death with the haunting memory of his father.
"In mid-afternoon a curious darkening of the sky, and a lull in everything that made life tick; and then the way the boats suddenly swung the other way at their moorings with the coming of a breeze out of the new quarter, and the premonitory rumble.
The author uses the simple words to create a grand spectacle .The beautiful scenery brings us into the embrace of nature.
Easily, it reminds people the three great lake poets: William Wordsworth, Samuel Coleridge and Robert Southey.
It is nature that gives them talent to write those masterpieces.
Besides, they are the emissaries of nature for their abilities to make people feel the true beautiful nature.
E. B.
White arouses people's love to nature and prove an eternal topic of the life and death.
He devotes himself into the nature and reveal the next circle of life.
Our school was established in 2010,so the facilities is not perfect.Canteen service on campus should be improved dramatically besides the facilities.
On the one hand,the quality of the food is bad.For instance,sometimes the rice is hard and the food is too salty.On the other hand,the price is too high.Two vegetarian dishes need more than 5 yuan.If your appetite is big like boys,10 yuan is not enough for a meal.
I wish canteen service could be improved.They can keep down the price and improve the quality of the food.If do this, we, students will be very grateful.
I am writing to apply for the post of English editor your advertisement in the newspaper.
My name is L.I am good in English and graduated from Q University.I have a good command of English,especially in reading and writing.I am also skilled in all commonly-used software in office.I am hardworking,outgoing and self-effacing.I will get along well with everybody.What is more.I am very liking this job.
I would appreciate it if you could give me a chance of an interview.
I look forward to your reply at you earliest convenience.Thank you very much.
Taday,a growing number of children in china are staying at home,not because they are giving up education but because their parents think they will actually receive a better education at home .It has become a common part of people's life.And they are being homeschooled at every level -kindergarten ,primary,junior middle and even senior middle school.
What impress us most is that people's opinions vary on homeschooling.The reasons China's current education mode puts heavy study pressure on students and many of them suffer from depression and even commit suicide.That is more that maintaining that students need interaction with classmates,so that they can fit into society.For example ,Zheng Yuanjie,a famous Chinese writer of children's stories had his son study at home after his son finished primary school study.
As to me ,homeschooling is advisable as long as the family can afford it .On the one hand,as people's personalities differ, so education should be diversified.On the other hand, we can save much time.
they simply put.
we must have cultivating the sense of gretitude, we can will good.
Beause it's help we success.
bsides , it's can progrem we of confidence.
Working moms, those with a baby child,always face big challenges.They have to work hard to strike a balance between their family and job.
The benefits for working moms who have baby children are obvious.In the first place,they can get more money to support their children.It is known to us that today raising a child costs plenty of money.So the working moms' income can help their children receive better education.Also,finding a job when the baby is young can help moms get more experience.If moms do not work until babies have grown up,maybe they cannot find a good job.
On the other hand,there are some disadvantages for working moms.For example,when the babies are young,they need their moms' love and care,but working moms cannot take care of them every moment when the babies need.So the relationship between moms and babies may not be so good.What's more,working moms with baby children face more pressure than those moms who do not have jobs.
So,I think other members of the family should help moms look after the babies so that moms can be a little relaxed.
The West Lake lies in the west of Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, which is the first important national scenic resort and historic site in China.
The West Lake covers an area of 6.39 square kilometers, which has much scenery.
Many people from all over the world come to the West Lake to enjoy the spectacular scenery and study the silk culture.
Another attractive place is the Leifeng Pagoda.
The height of Leifeng Pagoda is 71.689 meters.
Not only is the Leifeng Pagoda famous for its beautiful scenery, but also it is famous for its unique Buddhist culture and aesthetic poetry culture.
There are many stories about the Leifeng Pagoda.
One of the most famous stories is about Xv Xian and White Lady's.
A snack may become a lady, just like White Lady.
White Lady fell in love with Xv Xian, so they got married.
But God didn't allow them to be together.
So White Lady was locked in the Leifeng Pagoda.
The love story ended in tragedy.
But people are still moved by the love story.
If you come here, you will love this place.
Yesterday,I saw a film name UNBROKEN in the class with my classmate.This film is very encouragement.It just like a teacher,to teach me how to strong herat,more powerful and how to survive in extreme environments.This film was talked about a soldier call Louie in World War .When he perform a tasks.The plane was break down into the sea.Only 3 people alive.They drifing at sea few days.The lifeboat had one chocolate and a bottle of the fresh water.But unlucky,the only one chocolate was ate by the other who can't stand the temptation comrades!But they have to survival!And this film is temporarily come to a paragraph.
With the development of science and technology,e-books are becoming more and more popular.People nowadays can not only read online but also read on e-dictionaries and even mobile phones.
E-books have a lot of advantages.First of all,it is easy to find what people want to read just by typing the title without going to the library.Secondly,some e-books are free of charge and can be read without spending money.By this way,a growing number of people can acquire knowledge and meet their need to study and work,which can perform people's behavior .And it is very essential to develop a harmonious country.What's more,paper books are made by wooden.And these actions do harm to our environment,even the terrible environment has a bad effect on people's health.On the contrary,using e-books,people have no need to worry about damaging the natural resource.
E-books do have disadvantages.For example,they hurt people's eyes if people read too long.If things go on like this, their eyesight becomes more and more poor.What'more,reading e-books needs people to have a computer and it must get access to the Internet.Possessing these devices have to spend a lot of money and these can add to the financial burden of some families.What makes matters worse,people can't make notes on pages if they want to write their ideas and thoughts.In addition to, the e-books can't be reserved too much,which will make many people feel very disappointed.
As is known to all that there are more and more advanced ways for us to communicate with others.Though there are many methods of communication.
I like blog best.
where we can say what we intend to say.
For example,if you are a shy girl,you do not dare to make a speech in public,but here,you can express your thoughts heartily.Next,blog writing offered me more opportunities to approach famous stars,for many stars also use blog to communicate with their fans.Finally,I agree with that blog just like a newspaper.For we can know a lot news through blog.
But to our disappointed,there are some problems about blog writing.For example,blog gave some bad information sometimes and which have a bad effect on us.
AS far as I am concerned, I claim to write blog is very convenient.Nevertheless everything has two sides.Through blog is good.
There are also some problems about it.
So, when we use blog,we should be careful.
Any of a learned, successful people, are the book forged Gordian edge.
Reading, your in a "seeking" character, so treasuring.
Wake up every morning, and everyone borrowed 86400 seconds to life for today, it would cease to exist after one day, the next day, it reappears.
But no one can escape such a law: time to stop without warning at any time, life will end at that moment.
This funny, for example, reminds us that kind of life every day.
We should not complain about busy, too can be used to study time.
There is the desire to learn, hard ambition, will "seek" to learn of the time.
Reading, can not be accomplished overnight, need over time.
Intentions taste Deming method, leading cadres should inspire.
In fact, anyone learning abilities maturity, are "increased by 1% per day," the sum.
We may as well count, if you can stick self one hour a day, then a week is seven hours, a year to reach a total of 365 hours, a few years, we can complete the study undergraduate courses.
So day into something, month has changed, no matter what the study of knowledge, what kind of work, can enjoy the joy of victory, to achieve the desired peak.
 love of life, love of books will be lean.
Are you free this Sunday?I'm monitor of Students' Union,Li Hua.In order to getting close to nature and taking exercise,we make a decision to orginise students to take part in an outdoor activity.At the school gate will we get together at 7:30.Actually our activity is from 8am to 11am.The reason why we shoule get together earlier is that we need to make sure that everything is ready.
Guang Ming Farm which is 2 kilometres away from our school is where we hold our activities.Whether going there by bus or on foot is up to students.In my view,it must be a full morning.Planting vegetables as well as watering flowers is a part of our activities.The more activies we take part in,the closer we will get to nature!
It sounds wonderful,doesn't it?Please write to me to inform me whether you are coming or not on Sunday.I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Nowadays, more and more people haven't developed the habit and committed themselves to waste sorting here and there in China.
Some waste can be degraded while others cannot.
There are people throwing their domestic garbage.
For instance, kitchen refuse, useless plastics, papers, cans and containers without thinking whether they are recyclable or not.
Obviously, the best way to reduce waste can be recycled or refused.
Such as plastics, papers and cans.
Besides, the growing amount of garbage makes the buildings more landfills necessary, which will worsen the shortage of land.
What's worse, disposing of the recyclable waste like plastics by burning will give off toxic smoke which seriously pollutes the air.
In this sense, throwing the trash unsorted should not be advocated, no matter from the perspective of economy or protecting environment.
On the contrary, if we sort out recyclable waste before throwing them away, the amount of garbage will be reduced sharply.
Accordingly, the cost of running landfills and treating waste will be brought down greatly.
What's more important, less waste will have to be burned or buried waste, and pollution will be reduced.
Hence, economically and environmentally, it is great significance to call for waste sorting.
Let us create a better future which has cleaner water and fresher air in long period.
Consequently, it is very important for us to learn the method of waste sorting.
I had a long holiday for National Day .I was very happy, because I could do anything I want.
During those days.
long time.
At first, I went to the zoo to see lovely animals.
And then.
I went to the sea world to see beautiful fishes.
That was very interesting.
Secondly I went for a trip with my parents, we went to many places of interest in Beijing.we took many photoes.I also see many foreigh who are very friendly.I spoke to them,but I find it's hard to understand me for them.that time I really realized we need learn english well to help us communicate with others.But It was very exciting.
After that, My sister held a party and invited some of her best friends to welcome and visit me,Iwas very happy that night .I hope I can live with my sister furture.
After the end of the holiday, I still miss the fun of life, hope to the future life colorful,...
We know that the tourism as an emerging industry can improve the development of other kinds of economic.
Basically, the development of tourism can stimulate the development of the local economic.
If we want to develop tourism in someplace, we need many employees and kinds of resources.
In this way, we can solve the problem of working in local place, and develop the industry which is related to tourism.
Both the tourism company and the local people will benefit from the tourism.
But, it's also a sword with doubles, it benefits, and harms too, if it gets out of control.
The more tourists there are, the worse the cultural relic will be destroyed.
Being very short of awareness of protecting the environment and respecting of nature.
with a result of being published by nature.
In my opinion, it's not wise to limit it.
We can develop Eco-tourism or strengthened our awareness of respecting living things of the nature.
I think everything will be better if we behave well.
Hi,Jim,I'm glad to hear from you.
I want to help you solve this problem.
In my opinion,it's important for us to keep safe at school.
We spend most of time in school and study at here and we can't avoid getting hurt.
Keeping safe can make us study better, so we need to know how to protect ourselves.
I have some advice about keeping safe at school.
First, don't run at the passageway and be careful when we go upstairs or downstairs.
Second we need to prepare enough before doing sports and make sure that there is no dangerous around us.
Third, listen to the teachers carefully and do the dangerous act with teachers protection.
Fourth When we do the sports, put safely at first.
Don't get hurt to win the games.
Then, don't forget to turn off the lights and computer before we leave the classrooms.
Last but not least, know some knowledge about keeping safe.
It will help us in critical times.
If we follow these advice, our school life will be happier.
With numerous technological advances, various kinds of media have been well developed.
As a result, an increasing number of people are fond of purchasing goods with the help of media, such as newspapers, radio stations, TV stations and the Internet.
As we know, every coin has two sides and shopping via media is no exception.
On the one hand, it saves much time, money and effort to purchase goods through media since you do not have to go to the shops in person.
Besides, you can choose what you want from an enormous variety of goods on display.
On the other hand, you may be cheated sometimes by the false information and suffer a considerable loss.
As far as I am concerned, shopping via media brings great benefit to our life and our economy on the whole.
At the same time, we need strengthened supervision over the information released via media.
In this way, we can reap more benefits from shopping via media and reduce the possible harm to a minimum.
As is shown in the picture one people in a hodmadod.
There are computer and book and so on around hodmadod.
And another people sent take-out to him.
This phenomenon was called humble abode.
Humble abode is a common phenomenon in modern times.
It is most of teenager.
They are play games or look books or watch TV all day and all night in their small space.
Even though they don't go to eat or to cook, just call take-out.
The phenomenon is bad.
It will be found out selfish and lazy and so on.
One people alone do something and don't chat with others in small space.
He will feel pressed and he will chat with himself some time.
A long time after, may be he will selfish.
Because he always alone then he is core when he choose some things or think some things.
So this phenomenon too dad, it is go against of them get along with others in society.
For my view, they should go out do something.
For example go out to eat or chat with others or do some outdoor activities- Touch the world, use their hearts and smiles.
And they can use optimistic to face up to some bad conditions.
In a world, go out and look the world.
Recently the problem has been brought into focus.
With the development of economy, some banks extend business to the university campus.
Many people think it is harmful to students.
In my opinion, students should have a credit card by themselves.
The answer to this problem involves many factors from my point of way.
First of all, students must pay tuition fee to the school.
The fee is not a small number, for the reason , it is so dangerous for pupils to bring the cash to school.
If they put the money in the card, they parents also needn't to worry very much.
Moreover, we will also not be worried that money was stolen.
Then, it is very convenient for the pupils to have a credit card.
Buying some things in the supermarket, you can pay the money with the card directly.
Not only can the card pay the phone bill, but also it can transfer accounts.
