Hello, I am very excited to hear that you are visiting my school .
Let me introduce something to you .
First, our school is located in zipeng mountain .
It is a beautiful place to travel .
When you catch the school gate is very wonderful .
Especially Yang Zhengning's name .
Second, we have many very nice teaching buildings and dormitories .
In adition , the library is great .
In there, we can read various books.
Third, the pond attracts our attention.
The pond is encircled by trees.
And In the middle of pond , it has a small mountain .
Many men and womens like it .
In short , our school is very beautiful .
Here must be won't let you down.
Investigating the ways of early childhood education and throwing light on Chinese attitudes towards creativity,I recognize that the contrast between China and America is valid.
In China,children are caught by holding their hands so not as to getting frustrated and angry.Adults think that learning should take place by continual shaping and molding,which is the reason why young children at work can have facility.What's more,in terms of attitude to creativity,Chinese attaches great importance to the tradition and evolve to a point equally original gradually.There are enormous creativity to be found in Chinese scientific,technological and artistic innovations.
Whilst in America,when children learn something,adults think the critical point is the process and that one can cope with a problem effectively by himself.Moreover,Americans make their boldest departures first and then gradually mastering the tradition.
Each style of learning has their own strengths.So can we gather from these two a superior way to approach education?That is a question.
After the entrance of the con tat.We get into college.At present,most of us live in dormitories,and now,there is a hot debate over two views.They have striking difference.
Nowadays,some person is in favor of the dormitory.And they think that the dormitory life is not only wonderful but also the members of the dormitory can support each other.Nevertheless,the other of them stand on a different floor.
They think too many people lodge together.There will be the contradiction of the things that can not predict.
There is some truth in both arguments,I am fond of living in the dormitory that in my opinion because I am able to make many friends.When I suffer some trouble.They can support me.And I think the advantages of the dormitory life is overweight the disadvantages of family life.So,I appreciate the dormitory life.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.Our questions were about studying,watching TV,going online,helping with housework and exercise.There are only forty percent of the students study by themselves.And twenty-five percent spending weekends watching TV or listening to music.I think it's a good way to relax.But twenty percent use the internet on weekends.Most students use it for fun and not for homework.The answers about watching TV were also interesting.Only ten percent of the students help with housework on weekends!It's too bad.However,only five percent of the students exercise on weekends!It's good to relax by using the internet or watching TV,but we think the best to relax is through exercise.It's healthy for us.So start exercising before it's too late!
Xian Xinhai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music.
He is famous for the song called The Yellow River.He wrote it in 1939.And now, let me tell you something about him.
He was born in Macao,China,1905.But he died when he was 40, 1945.He was called the People's Musician.Because he usually used traditional Chinese music.When he was very young ,he studied in Paris.Although he was died ,his song are still popular today.
As we all recognize,writing is one of the most important things for student to improve their English.Then what should you pay attention to is unquestionably a problem.Nevertheless I intend that we should pay due attention to spelling.Not only because it is an essential process but also a main point of getting high score.
I deduce two reasons for this phenomenon :First,as for the Chinese students,English spelling presents special difficulties.So they do not like to spend too much time reciting words.Second,it is a challenge to distinguish the similar words.It is easy to make mistakes when you are writing.
In this case,a good way to avoid spelling problem is to memorize more,write more and practice more.I suppose that checking and marking spelling mistakes is necessary when you finish it.It is an extremely good habit to improve this situation.Hope it'll be helpful to everyone.
It is widely noted that traditional culture is disappearing along with the development of technology.Many ancient architectures and traditional ways of living have been deserted.
A number of reasons are responsible for this.First of all,the traditional culture has not get enough attention.Some people even don't realize what is the traditional culture.Secondly,most of the people as for traditional culture have misunderstood.They believe that traditional culture must be stand for the out of date skills and feudalism which a wrong mind.Thirdly,with the time going by,most of the great part of traditional culture are already fade away.
As far as I am concerned,the traditional culture already less and less,we should pay more attentions to traditional culture.Although it is difficult for us to protect traditional culture,whatever the end we only should try our best to do it.
"Follow your heart, and pursue your dream," he said to me that day with an encouraged smile when I hesitated and didn't know which major I should choose in the university.
In that warm afternoon, sunbeam piercing through a cloudy sky and my father's words were just like the sunshine and lit up my mind.
It gave me confidence to continue pursue my dream of being an English teacher.
This is my father, a mild and optimistic man who gave me my life and always ready to be there to give advices of the way of my life.
Some people say that they can know my father is an intelligent and good-tempered man by the first sight because he is wearing a pair of glasses which makes him look like a scholar and because he is always smile.
My father is of medium height, he is very thin and because of that, he always makes jokes about me, sometimes he would say, "Look at your legs, they are fatter than me.
"And then bust out of laughing.
His fingers are stained a dull yellow from years of chain smoking.
He once had a jet-black hair, but as time goes by, his hair on the temples is turning grey.
He likes wearing shirts, so there are all kinds of shirts in his wardrobe.
He is an accountant and he is very hard working.
On the weekend, he enjoys cooking and always cooks many delicious foods for our family.
If my mom and I say the course he made is tasty, he becomes happy like a child.
I can feel his full love for me and no matter what faults I had make, he never scold me, instead, he would encourage me and guide me to find out the solution to solve the problem.
He is very patient to me.
I have a very terrible mathematical mind while my father is really good at math.
It was a night several years ago.
My father was watching TV in the living room.
I was working so hard at my math, and there were so many exercises I didn't know how to do.
It's getting later and later and my math problem was still unsolved.
I was very upset and started crying.
Then he came to me, comforted me and started to help me; he calculated the exercises one by one and explained them to me again and again until I completely understood.
He thought I might be hungry so he went outside and bought me hamburgers and fried chickens from McDonalds.
It was 2 o'clock in the morning and the nearest McDonalds was 20 minutes walk.
Though he had to get up at 6 o'clock in the morning to catch the flight for a business trip, he stayed up to accompany me until 3 o'clock.
In my eyes, my father is taller than a tree and his love for me is deeper than the sea.
He influenced me in many ways and gives me confidence to pursue my dream.
My parents are farmers.Everyday my parents work hard.
They made themselves dream come true by working step by step.
So they have a strong impact on me.At the same time, I like and influence.
I learned a lot things from my parents.
l respect parent very much.My parents experience tell me that if you want to get what you want do it by making your geart efforts.Nothing in the Word is free.
You should pay for it.
I hope i can make my achievement through my own hard working instead of my parents help.
To me my parents are god.
They created me and influence me very deeply, I like and respect them very much.
I hope i can make geart success like them.
I love them for ever.
From my point of view,virtual college will not replace the current system of higher education.The current system of higher education play an important role to a certain extent.The traditional school will never go away.Many students need to learn many things from teachers face to face,they can learn more quickly and easily in this way.All in all,students should not study on the Internet entirely.Aithough the Internet and the virtual college is playing a more and more important part with the development of society,they also have dreadful aspects.For example,they make people communicate less and stay at home.The virtual college can support us success,but the current system of higher education is also necessary.So virtual college will not replace the current system of higher education.
Nowadays,there is a heated debate about to be a small fish in a big pond or a big fish in a small pond.People have different opinions about it.
Those in favor of it insists that a small fish in a big pond is good for their development.They not only can learn more about the world,but also can adapt to the competition well.What"s more ,big companies have more study space.Last but not least ,they also have a bigger space to play.However they believe that a big fish in a small pond is wonderful.Firstly,they are leader, so they can leader to more people.This can make them satisfied with the circumstance.Secondly,they have more free space .In the end,they have small pressure.
As for as I am concerned,I want to be a small fish in a big pond.As the old saying that goes"It is never too old to learn".I can learn more about in the modern society,in which we require a sense of competition.Competition consciousness is not only good for our future,but also good for the development of the society.
With the modern technology develop,our life becomes more and more convenient.
But every coins have two sides,it also takes us some trouble.
On the one hand,It is necessary for us to develop technology.
Because of technology,we have an opportunity to chat and share something we want to express on the internet.
We can play computer games,read some books and listen to music on the internet.
Technology is core of a country.Only in this way,can government develop well.
people.Sometimes,it also takes us some problem.Playing computer games can reduce student's attentions.
We take too much time to pay attention to operating technological device,so that forget to do something what we should do.
Last but not least.
I think we should reguard technology as a assistant.
With the develop of technology, we can learn some perfect things from productions of technology.If we close to technology deeply,we will fall into the world full of attractions.
So we should keep a suit distance with technology.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff,because our company has won a large export order.People whose foreign language is bad.The courses will start at 3:00pm in the conference room.I hope you can attend on time.
Forget about forgetting an injury.That's not always possible and maybe at time not even desirable.Rather choose to move on,past remembering to forgiveness.
have a good look all day and your classmates will show respect for you.
mind.When you get up,say to yourself:you are a good man,just do it!And smile to yourself and so on.
A deeper analysis of the top achiever's success can find that their success has much relation to the common factors are as follows.
In the first place, it is the product of their readiness to capture the fleeting but bright ideas.
But opportunities only belong to people who get prepared.
What separates the average person from the top achievers is the ability to encourage creative impulses and then act upon them.
In the second, it is the result of their effective adjustments to the changing world.
It's what you do right now that make a difference, and it's what you do that defines you.
In response to the difficulties, they manage to bring into play all the positive factors, such as motivating themselves in adversity, keeping a balance between work and leisure.
And most of all, it is the effect of their perseverance in their struggle for success.
No matter what may happen to their pursuits, nothing can pull them away from striving toward their goals.
So if work has no intention, it's an empty motion.
In sum, unyielding efforts in combination with the effective reaction to bright ideas and adaptive ability can always lead to success.
When I saw that one of the AIDS patient of pictures,I was very shocked.It is difficult to think of there are so many people are suffering from pain.This is a lot of people are unexpected.Then I feel sad.I think anyone see these shocking pictures would have such a feeling!It is thought-provoking and we often come to realize how weak life.They are so poor!And now I deeply felt a kind of powerlessness.It makes me feel frustrated.But I will have action,because although I can do not many,I'll do my best to help them.
When we were kids, we have been told that we should not talk to strangers and go somewhere with them, because it might be dangerous, so we should always say no to strangers.
However, we also have been told that we should help others who need help.
As far as I am concerned, the answer is yes.
However, we heard some negative news about warn-hearted people who helped strangers but got themselves into trouble recently.
Because of this, lots of people behave kind of cold when they meet strangers who need help, and most of them choose to ignore.
As one part of the society, I feel really pathetic about this.
Fortunately, there are still some courageous people who set really good examples for us.
Once I read a piece of news which touches me a lot.
The president of Peking University said: "If you are a student of our school, you have to help the strangers who need help.
If you get into trouble by going this kind of thing, the college of law in our university will give you free legal aid as possible as we can.
Besides, other people who did the right things also said that it was not that hard to help others, some people just thought too much and made it complicated.
While we are applauding for these brave people, I feel sort of embarrassed to notice that we may only do that "help other" things until someone told us how.
With the rapid development of economy, we can get a lot more material comfort now, but if we just always think about ourselves in this case, it can be a tragedy.
Please do not always say no to strangers, just help them if you can, and let's make it common .
Although we sometimes see some dark sides of the world, we still have reasons to believe that there are much more bright sides.
If you do not think it is bright enough, then please do something to make it brighter.Maybe one of the easiest things we can do is to make this virtue last forever.
With the Internet developing rapidly, more and more families have abilities to pay for the cellphone to their kids.
The discussion had appeared.
There are some advantages as follows.
First of all, we could get more information which can help us improve our study via the Internet through the cellphone.
What's more, we couldn't only broaden our views through the cellphone, but also expend the knowledge.
As every coin has two sides, there are also some disadvantages at the same time.
Some students are too powerless to use cellphone correctly.
For example, some are lost themselves in playing games, and others would make something that down their grades.
In my opinion, students should have cellphone to increase life quality in daily life.
It's important to keep balance between the study and the entertainment.
The world culture is aconsist of diffience nation and diffience country cultural .The china is one of the birthplace in the ancient world of civilization.
Then,it\'s one of the ancient country of four great invention.
China economy develop is not depart from the world,they are intimate connection.The western country is consider that our country is coloful,extensive and profund,and the source is so long .The China nation have a long civilization culture though it have many difficult experience of life ,it still stand in nation.
Enter to 21 centry, with the development of the economy, our country economy strengthen is rise.The minster Dengxiaoping who carry out the reform development policy.Since that,the China go out and achieve the well-off society.The Qing dynasty carry out ＂isolation＂policy is wrong that lead our country falling.
So, we are learning a lesson.It\'s necessary to communicate with neighbouring country,it contribution to our country develop.Inheirt and uphold the traditional virues is our duty.Only our country more and more strong ,our life qulity it will be rise.
In the wide-world, more and more people like traveling.
And someone likes visiting with team.
But on the other hand, someone likes traveling by herself.
First at all travel by traveling we can enjoy the beautiful scenery in different places.
Then, we will see with our own eyes many places read of in books, and visit some famous cities and scenic spots.
We will meet people with different interests and see strange and different things when we travel.
After that, we can talk about landscape when we have a rest.
Second, we can get ideas of the conditions and customs of other people, taste different foods and local products if we like.
However, we can save more money.
Moreover I can taste more different food.
In this way, we can understand how differently other people live.
Travel will not only help us to gain knowledge of geography and history and other knowledge.
Then, we also will help us keep healthy and make us less narrow-minded.
Travel does benefit us both experience.
In the other words, travel can widen our knowledge of geography, the knowledge of customs, cultures and lifestyles of different places and countries.
Secondly, we can make friends and have a foreign language through travelling.
Then we can have a good friendship with your travel company.
Finally, travel is the best way of pastime.
We can enjoy eating various food and seeing beautiful sceneries.
Maybe travel alone is a good way, but travel with team is better.
So I like traveling with company.
Nowday,required class attendance is very common at college and university.So what do you think about this phenomenon?
Most people accept it.They think it's a necessary policy to ensure the normal teaching order and create a good study atmosphere.The most important is it can urge those students who lack self-control.However,some others do not agree this.In their opinion,rigid attendance policies do not benefit students'studies.It limits the freedom of the students and make they feel disgusted with study.
As far as I am concerned,I am in favor the latter opinion.Required class attendance may secure one hundred percent attendance for a class,bue it does not make much sense.A student may never be absent in a course,but who knows whether or not he is just sitting there daydreaming all the time.So student should decide attend class or not by themselves.
Nowadays, it has become fashionable for college students to take a part-time job in their spare time.
Opinions differ from person to person.
It's acknowledged that each coin has two sides and college students' taking part-time jobs is not an exception.
It has both advantages and disadvantages.
It might be a good choice for us to share the economic burden with our parents by taking part-time jobs, and it's a wise way for us to enlarge our pocket money.
In the meantime, we can gain precious working experience, which means we may have better prospects after graduation because we are more experienced than those who don't.
As we all know, in universities, we enjoy more free time.
And it is more meaningful for us to take a part-time job than wandering all day and doing nothing, in other words, it is also a good idea for us to kill our time.
Yet there is no denying the fact that we have less time playing or studying.
Ultimately we may find it's difficult for us to finish our homework because we spend our spare time on part-time jobs which may affect our study, and it maybe ordinary for us to burn the midnight oil.
Obviously, we will spend less time playing with our schoolmates, and with time gonging by, you may be estranged from our honey friends.
In the modern society,more and more parents make decision for their children instead of themselves.They don't believe their children have ability to solve problems independently.And they won't to give children a wonderful life.A part of parents spend too much time paying attention to their children's life.They try to determine and disturb their children's future.But it isn't a good behavior for children,which has a bad effect on children's future.Therefore,children should be allowed to make their own choice.
First of all,children have their own thought,parents should respect them.If you always negate their choice,they will become shy and be afraid of expressing their ideas later on.They are supposed to have a happy childhood.Parents don't have rights to prevent children's interest.And it maybe inspire their potential.
Sencondly,It's important for children to learn how to responsibility.Children are so young that they lack of experience.As a result,they may make a wrong choice.Prents have better not obstruct them.It will be a better lesson for children than parents' simply preach.They will learn more from their mistakes.That will anneal themselves to improve self-control.
Besides,Children will grow up and leave theie parents.They will face to difficulties and deal with them by themselves in the future.The more independent in their childhood,the more remarkable they will perform in the society.
Last but not least,Parents' decisions are frequently opposite to children,that will make children produce contradict mood to their parents.
A suitable communication is a sign of a happiness family .
Parents are supposed to learn to listen .
And they should make much of their children's thoughts .
If only their thought will not cause dangerous or can't be imagined result , parents don't have to prevent them .Giving some suggestions before children make choices is a correct method.
In a word,children could make their own decisions under their parents' guide.
The New Britain Museum of American Art is an art museum in New Britain,Connecticut.Founded in 1903, it is the first museum in the country dedicated to Amercan art.
This very quiet,alough many people.
Nowadays , with the development of economy and the Internet ,the way of shopping changed a lot.
For example, online shopping becomes more and more popular among people.
The advantages of online shopping are obvious.
First , it saves so much time and people needn't spend more time in store.
On the contrary, you can buy anything at home.
Second , during the online shopping ,we can get more information about different kinds of products.
Finally,the goods on the Internet are always cheaper than those in the store and there are many discounts through various store online, which can save money for people.
However, every coin has two sides.
As we all know, the quality of the products bought online cannot be guaranteed.
Furthermore ,the online shopping is not safe enough .
There are many online banking fraud or disclosure of individual information ,which will make the suffering of great loss during the online banking.
As far as I am concerned, it is necessary for us to clear both the strong and weak points of the online shopping.
While enjoying its advantages,we should be more concerned about the security and care for the quality of products.
As the story shows, the bird moved to other places frequently to escape the unpleasant smell.
First of all, the bird thought it was from the other birds.
As we can learn from the story, the bird lived and worked with others, when the problems turned up, he complained to others instead of thinking about himself and struggling to find a positive way to solve it.
As we all know, water together, they can form the sea, trees added together can make the forest, and the society is formed by every individual or family, the same goes for birds and human beings.
What we can learn from the bird is our society made up of every individual; it is our responsibility to make as much effort as possible to make our society a good place to live in and make our group a good place to work with.
As a matter of fact, every individual has his uniqueness and every individual has something in common with others as well.
Learning to communicate with each other and finding the shortcomings of each other so that we can improve ourselves and build up a society that is good for every individual.
Learning to examine our own behavior and taking care of others, thus correcting our disadvantages and creating a situation which benefits all of us.
What's more, learning from each other, we can bring richness to our quality and we can live a harmonious life.
There is a little number of carbon dioxide in the air, it's useful, also harmful.
Why say it is harmful?Sunlight get through the atmospheric, arrive the earth, and earth, and at night, the earth cools by radiating heat into space by infrared radiation, that is the normal rules, but in recent years, there is more carbon dioxide in the air, almost more than 0.034 percent, it will cause many troubles.
The normal rules is broken, at day sunlight still arrive the earth, but at night, the earth can't get cool, because radiation can't get through the carbon dioxide, heat quantity can't get out, the earth get hot and the polar ice cap will begin to melt, it's dangerous, the sea level will rise, which means all of the low lying coastal areas will be flood, people have to move to inland, anything near the cost will be destroied, all of those disasters because the content of carbon dioxide rise.
But why does the content of carbon dioxide rise?Carbon dioxide rise because the burning of fossil fuels, like coal, oil, natural gas, that means people use car, electric power, set fire, any combustion reaction will make carbon dioxide, forests could consumption a lot of it, but forests get less and less, it can't consumption such a large number of carbon dioxide.
What can we do?Use less fossil fuels, use more fuels which didn't make carbon dioxide, drive less, save electric power could help a lot, and the most important is saving forests, replanting it, that is what we should do to save the world.
As we know"Where there is a will, there is way" .
In fact ,strong will is a kind of good quality which successful people should own.
As a student, if you don't study hard in the textbook the knowledge, it can't be a good man.
Only a man of great will can accomplish great mission.
We are all know , no dream will successfully come true if we do not have strong will.
Hello everyone, I'm honored to be here to give you a speech about the evacuation drill.
First,I'd like to introduce the importance of evacuation drill to you.
An evacuation drill can make it possible for us to master the knowledge and skills to dealing with emergency.
In addition, it can enhance the ability of self-rescue.
But it is unpleasant to see that some students are not taking it seriously.
Some of them think it would never happen to them and some are affected by an indifferent attitude.
And those are not right.
Therefore, in my opinion, it's more advisable for us to follow the orders calmly and quietly.
And the most effective way is to imagine this is not an evacuation drill but a real disaster.
A multitude of college graduates are confronted with the problem of jobs.
There are lots of companies varying from big to small.
From my perspective,being engaged in a clerk in a big company has many advantages.
In the first place,we can broaden our horizons and have a knowledge of some elites.
In the second place,we are possession of many chances and we will be competitive in the company.
Nonetheless,working in a big company has many disadvantages like more pressure,less time to rest and the difference that you are unlikely to distinguish yourself in the company.
Of course,working in a small company has both facets.
In one respect,you may work in the environment with harmony and get along well with your colleagues.
And if you exert yourself several years,you will be a successful leader in the company.
Nevertheless, in the other respect,when you get on and retire,you may find your river of life was only through plains,no mountains and no jungles.
There is no doubt that you will be bored.
In conclusion,you must make up your mind that you are bound to choose the type of company and get absorbed in working.
To put it bluntly,as a young person,we need to work in a big company and drill us.
It is doubtless that when you have made the choice,you should pay more attention to your job.
As a studuent, we affort a tremedous pressure in our life since we should get a great grade.
There is no doubt that I need a familiar schoolmate in order to communicate and share shomething.
So it is convient for me to release the pinch and achieve my goal in the study.
My favourite scholmate who has the same class and live closely with me , Jack, is a virtuous person as he is forward to help others.
Today, nothing has changed.
I go to school and have the lesson in the commen sequence.
However, I have the problem because I caculate the answer in maths.
Although I am trying hard to get the truth, I cannot get conclusion.
It is at this point that Jack participate my group and is succeed in working out this difficulty.
I am very glad for him to ansist with me.
Now, on a college campus to be late, truancy is a common phenomenon .Because some students often play computer game and sleeping in the dormitory inside .Aslo some students often go out to play .SO truancy is a common phenomenon .
should focus on students' education .For those who cut classes to punish the students .
As a college students should be class on time and create a good learning environment .
Don't be late left early and absent from class .It can help us understand very knowledge .So we are learning to help and very important .
We welcome you for your enquiry of March 21 and thank you for your interest in our export fireworks and firecrackers.
We are enclosing our illustrated catalogue and a price list giving the details you asked for.
Also under separate cover, we are sending you some sample which will show you clearly the quality.
We will allow a proper discount according to the quantity ordered.
As for the payment terms we usually required confirmed, irrevocable Letter of Credit payable.
We deliver all our orders within a half month after receipt of the covering L/C.
My company is an old-established one who has been enjoying high reputation.
We believe that you will find our price reasonable.
Thank you again for your interest in our products.
We are looking forward to your order and you may be assure that it will receive our prompt and careful attention.
The campus and students pursue brand in the university.This phenomenon is becoming more and more common.
For this phenomenon,many people against it.However,in my opinion,I am so agree it .Because it can improve students' view of value.It can also allow them to pursue better things.Therefore,In order to get the better things, they will be more efforts and make themselves become more outstanding.So in this case,this phenomenon will bring positive influence to students.On the contrary,if the students form the psychological treatment,it would bring them bad influence.And it is not conducive to their growth.
In short,the situation has advantages and disadvantages.But it depends on the attitude of students.Attitude is crucial for future.
Some people think that high school students should get online frequently.The reasons are as follows.In the first place,getting online can get knowledge and broaden their horizons.Secondly, high school students can communicate with their friends and share their favourite things.Finally,getting online can relax themselves.It is no doubt that it is good to get online.
However,some people hold a different opinion .On the one hand, it is bad for eyes.On the other hands,they may lose themselves in chatting and games.Next,getting online wastes time and energy.
As far as I am concerned, we should get online in a correct way.
Valentine's Day is becoming more and more popular all over the world recently years.This fesital was set up to the memory of Saint Valentine,who was died on 14th ,Februaly.However,there are many legends of Valentine.Now,I will tell you a widespread story as well as how people celebrate this festival.
One story suggest that Valentine may have been killed for attempting to help Churstians escape harsh Roman prisons where they were often beaten and tortured.Unfortunately,he failed and was arrested.While in prison,he cured the blindness of the warden's daughter,who visited him during his confinement.Before his death,it is alleged that he wrote her an letter,which he signed"From your Valentine,"an expression that is still used today.Although the true behine the Valentine is murky,the story certainly emphasize his appeal as a sympathetic,heroic,and,most importantly,romantic figure.Therefore,more and more people,especially youth and teenages like this festival in the worldwide.
Different countrier and different time have different customs to celebrate it.In the time of Queen Vatoria,a person who want to marry his sweetheart would take off his left sock and wear it in right foot for 7 days before Valentine Day.In Italy,people would stick love notes on the Juliet wall.In addition,some of them would sing love songs to exptess their emotion face to face.Now,the customs are changed.People are more willing to send rose or chocolate in western Europe as well as America.What's more,different quantity of rose have different meanings.If you only send one rose,it suggest that you will devote yourself to your love;If you send 99 roses,it infers that you want to stay together with your sweetheart forever.In china,people prefer have a romantic dinner with their sweetheart.
Fatigue is one of the most common complaints brought to doctors,friends,and relatives.Actually,the cause of morden-day fatigue are diverse and only rarely relate to excessive physical exertion.There are three main categories of fatigue,physical,pathological,psychological.For the fist one,the cure is simple and fast:you rest.But for the second,you should have a through physical checkup.Emotional problems and conflicts,especially depression and anxiety,are by far the most common cause of prolong fatigue,There is a great deal you can do on your own to deal with both severe prolonged fatigue and those periodic washed-out feeling.
If you really want to solve these problems,just begun from diet.For peak energy in the morning,be sure to eat a proper breakfast,low in surger and faily high in protein,Regular conditioning exercise,help you to resist fatigue by increasing your body's ability to handle more of a work load.If you know you're tired,get to bed earlier.Decide what you want to do and what you can handle comfortably,and learn to say no to additional requests.
My most unforgettable experience was my childhood.Whenever I remember it,a smile is on my face.I wish I was a child forever.
To begin with, in my childhood,my achievement was very great in school.Classmates and teachers liked me.My parents liked me.They believed I was a smart and diligent girl.They respected and admired me.I felt very proud.When other students had problems of study.I always could assist them.So I have made many friends.After class,we talked about all kinds of topics and played all kinds of games.
Meanwhile I took part in various competitions and contests,of course,I won many prizes.I also made friends with a lot of teachers and schoolmates.
Second,in childhood,I have little pressure.I need not do a lot of homework.I have much time to play,to watch TV.My parents cooked meals for me and washed my clothes.I need not worry about them.In addition,my parents always gave me much pocket money.So I never worried about money.
But now,I must face a lot of pressure.First,work,finding a job is easy,however,hunting for a proper job is rather difficult.So I have to study hard and do much exercise whenever it is.I seldom have leisure time.At the same time,with the growing up,there is more and more duties for me.
For example,I must look after my parents.I should give them pocket money every month,not giving me any more.I must support me.So money is very important for me.I have to work hard to earn enough money.
At night,when I lie in bed,I always feel tired.
In fact, our pressures will be increasing with our growing up.As we all know, we do not have so much leisure time until we grow old.
Finally,I miss my childhood forever.I hope every child can have a merry memory about their childhood.
My name is Z.My English name is sunny.
I love Sun.
I am come form C province.
l have a handsome father, a kind mother ,a lovely sister .I love my family forever!
I like shopping watching movies ,reading travelling ,listening the music and so on.
What is more.l like playing badminton very much.
I want to be a tour guide.
Because l want to visit some beautiful places.
I Will make full use of everyday.Fighting!
Nowadays,the number of students taking the online courses is very increasing.From my analizes,it may because several reasons.
conveniently.Teachers will use computer to evaluate and help their students.All those make learning easier for everyone at any time and at any place .It is more likely that our work becames more and more efficient.
But when i took the online course ,i found it not as good as others think.In fact ,i could not draw my attention to my course well ,because of the computer games.Ithink others wii be the same.
vacational college,my major class is logistics.
In my class,I love logistic English.
Because the logistic is become more and more important in interational days.
Now,I am a staff in a supermaket called OuShang.It was I love my work.After work,i will listen music to relax myself.sometimesI will go shopping with my friend.
My name is X .
I am 20 years old .
I was born in a small town in Y.
When I was a child, I was very naughty, which worried my parents very much.
So when they were working, they had to keep an eye on me.
I had many good friends .
W e played with each other and did our homework together.
It was a good memory that I will remember forever .
When I came to school, I found it's interesting and I became a good student liked all my teachers very much.
But sometimes I would make m y teacher angry, for example, o nce I ate candies in her class, .As a result, I was observed by my teacher unfortunately.
She criticized me strictly.
So I had to stand outside of thy e classroom until the class was over.
I used to did not like taking a bath,because I was afraid of water.
And my friends always made a joke on me.
So I often fought with them, on matter they were boys or girls.
I was not strong, but I was powerful.
I was fond of singing and drawing, it was just for fun.
I was interested in go climbing with my friends, which was amazing .
When I entered the middle high school, I became more mature and considerate.
I knew how to deal with the relationship with my classmates properly.
I spent nearly all my time studying in order to pass the University Entrance Exarnamination and enter a good university.
At that time,all of us were full of ambitions,we tried our best to make our dream come true.
I n 2010, ,I came to Beijing,a modern city where I began my college life.There I knew many good friends and teachers .
We learnt knowledge together.Everything seemed colourful and beautiful.
My family is a typical three-people family .
My parents are just like my good friends .
They understand my feelings, they love me very much.Every year my parents wuld give me a good present.
T hey would always cook my favourite foods and meet all my requests if I worked hard in my school.They did not allow me to spend money on useless things.
But they were happy if I bought books and magazines.
My grandparents died when I was very young.
So I did not familiar with them.
But I really hope they were live now.,so that I could chat with them.
And they could shared my happiness and sorrow.
In my hometown,we have some t important custome,for example,after the Spring Festival,some people would sing and dance from a village to another,many people would watch in a circle and applaud loudly.My parents and I usually went to my relatives ' .
W e played cards and watched TV together.We talked about our recent lives,shared our experience.
And they always gave me some money, even I was not a little child.
Now , when I went home, it's difficult to find a friend of mine.
Because all of them were working at that time.
They had left school when they were still very young.
So I always played with some little children.They enjoyed playing with me as well.
We flew a kite, went camping, went climbing and so on.
Sometimes I would tell interesting stories to them.
Now I am studying English in Z.I feel so proud and I will try my best to study.
At my free time, I often go to some interest places with my roommates, such as Tiananmen Square, the Great Wall, Wangfujing Street.I tend to believe that I can live life to the fullest.
In the future,there will be more difficulty.
However nothing is impossible, if you put your mind to do it.
So I am always full of courage.
I mean to stay in Beijing in the future,that is, I have to find a job.
Maybe it is difficult, but I will try my best.
This is a novel about a young country girl Carrie who moves to a big city where she started realizing her own American Dream.
She lived a hard life, and even became involved in illicit affairs with two different men.
At last, Carrie achieved stardom, but found that money and fame did not satisfy her longings or bring her happiness.
She has totally changed from her hard experiences and she becomes financially independent as a new woman when she goes through hesitation.
Carrie never gives up to her fate and she has a sunny outlook on life.
It is worthy of analyzing such a legendary character, the paper tries to reinterpret the main character of Carrie in three different stages from feminist.
She has characters which belong to women.
It also reads the influence of feminism upon Carrie that combines three aspects for the initiative in Carrie's own hand, Carrie's independence and the attitude towards frustration.
The success of Carrie represent the author's anti-tradition thoughts.
Most of my classmates think that high school students get online can broaden our horizons.We can learn a lot of things on the Internet.We can share our happyness with our friends and chat with them as well.On the other hand,we can play games on the computer for we can relax ourselves.In their opinion,get online can help us a lot.
But in my opinion,computers is bad for us.Our eyes will be more and more bad through we get online.And teenagers can not control theirselves.They always fall in games and chatting.As a result,their energy and time is weasted.
Anyway,the Internet is bad for us.But if we use it in correct ways.Our studies will be better.
The dog is man's most loyal friend.They stay along with us; They play with us; They protect us from danger.
They are loved by many people, so do I.
So in my home,there is also a cute dog called Lolo.
Speaking of him,there are many things to tell.
I still remember one of the most interesting things about him.
It was a winter that very cold, the outside world was smothered by the fierce whiteness.
Lolo at that time was so fat that he even couldn't stand steadily.
Although he was too fat to walk far away, he was attracted by the beautiful white.
It all served to fog my mind with pleasure so that I forgot to close the door of the room.
As a mischievous dog, of course, he poked his head out and left the warm room.
It was some time when I noticed that he was not in the room, so I slipped into my snowshoes and turned into the white world.
The snowstorm seemed wouldn't blow out immediately, and I knew I must find the naughty boy at once.
After about ten minutes, I heard a faint crying and found him under a woodpile.
When he saw me, though he was shivering with cold, he shook his tail to show his happiness.
His innocent made me both hate and love.
Finally, the cute little thing was taken home safely.
Lolo has grown up and become a handsome man who was stronger and braver, but he is still lovely as before, and that is why I love him so much.
I hope that he can stay with me forever, play with me,listen to me,protect me.
I love you Lolo.
How's everything going?As you know,I was admitted to my dream university and now I am studying in it,which makes me very excited.Recently,I find out that our knowledge is so limited,also the information explosion has brought greater demand on people who want to absorb all that information.
As a result,there is a great demand for us to read a great deal of books.And what we may as well read really counts.As Sir Francis Bacon once put it:"Histories make men wise;poets witty;the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep,moral grave;logic and rhetoric able to contend.
"According to this motto we can make it clear that there is a need for greater diversity and choice in reading books.
Books,in my opinion,vary in different aspects.Some books are to be digested,some to be tasted and some only need to take a bit.As for me,I am fond of architecture and literature,so I will introduce the books,like < Mies in America > (written by Phyllis Lambert)and < WEST MEETS EAST - MIES VAN DER ROHE > (written by Werner Blaster),to the lovers of architecture.Also,many magazines,such as the distinguished < DOMUS > ,are worth reading.
As for poetry,I appreciate William Wordsworth's masterpieces,and many novels from both West and East of different periods may greatly contribute to your cultural awareness.
All in all,university students actually need to read many kinds of books,such as books about religion,art,psychology etc.Reading is a rewarding experience for us and the more we read,the wiser we will be.Isn't it?
So as far as I am concerned,we should read all sorts of books and in return you will find it is beneficial sooner or later.
What do you think of the books university students should read?I'd love to share my experiences with you.Looking forward to your reply.
With the development of the society, the problem of college students using the credit cards has become increasingly serious.
When asked about credit card, different students have different ways.
The bankers put that is quite beneficial to students and societies and students should transact the credit card.
I disagree it.
First of all, unplanned consumption in advance is as the spend-more-than-earn.
We have admitted the undeniable fact that college students will face the advancing consumption predicament.
Moonlight clans don't have the ability to bear the result of the credit card overdraft.
As the major consumers, most college students rely on their parents.
Of course, it will be the basis on the parents' hard work if the credit card brings the convenience.
The direct consequence of credit bank net wider, it makes the students who are library or classroom go to pay by card frequently such as restaurant, market and etc.
Maybe they become the spend-more-than-earn.
Beijing Forestry University economic management institute was done to 176 college students of the investigation of the status of the use of the credit cards.
Their analysis found that has credit card per month of the college students' consumption level did than not deal with credit card college students average consumption a month level was 188.7 yuan.
According to the study, we can find it easily that the disadvantage is about students' credit card consumption.
Hence, credit card could lead to the students overdraft and be in debt.
I believe that Banks on reasons for college students, nothing more than the students is a huge consumer groups, an easy orgy of spending, easy to produce compare unrealistically and so on.
So, although the bank overdraft amount of college students is limited, and rules on the payment date.
To a certain extent, avoid the risk, but there is no source of finance college students, blind overdraft interest burden is not easy.
And many students haven't graduate mired reimbursement trap.
In spite of the credit card can alleviate the pressure of economic on college students, but its disadvantages are more than the advantages.
Therefore, I believe the college students shouldn't transact the credit card.
words, conventionally considered visceral, could actually be disguises of one's real intentions or attitudes in the modern world where one would make fake promises to achieve certain goals.
However, to some extent, actions, one's immediate reponse to the current situation and the direct way to meet their needs, can have a lot more influences than words.
Therefore, when judging a person's real thought or intention, one should pay more attention to the actions taken instead of merely words that can often be misleading.
In terms of scientific field, a lot of lies can be exposed through the gradually increasing desire of scientists to make name for themselves.
In fact, those lies mostly lay on the fake promises or words.
Take James Watson and Crick Francise for example, two famous scientists who have discovered the double helix structure of DNA theory by cheating their colleagues out of the work.
In order to win the Nobel Prize and become famous quickly, Crick copies one of his colleague's work in the photograph of X-ray diffraction and used it in his own work.
Though Click copied this picture under the name of helping his colleague Rosalind Francklin to contact the newspaper publishers, his real intention was to use it in his own work and to have nobody notice.
His actions directly revealed the evilness and immoral desire to be famous, which is his real intention of helping Rosalind and copying her photographs.
In this world where one can easily make promises without being responsible for them, actions are the one that people should pay attention to.
In addition to scientific field, a lot of irrealizable promises and lies appear at the politics, where politicians would picture a great yet inaccessible future for citizens to gain their trust and ha.
North Korea, a place full of undue self-satisfaction and poor condition is a great example to illustrate this.
These excessive craziness all comes from the ruler King Jong-un, who lied to both his countrymen and the outside world that his country has the most power in the world, yet not being able satiate citizens and rejecting the help from other out of hand.
The promise that North Korea would flourish under his control has been proven in vain through the shabby streets and low literacy rate of the whole country.
King Jong-un's actions is the only way through which people can see his real intention, to exercise dictatorship and enjoy life without considering the comforts of other people.
Thus, a person's real intentions, beneath the sweet words, can only be understood from what he has done.
I'm L,monitor of Class One,Grade Eleven.I feel appreciate it that you will study in my class.
This is the first time that you have came to china,so keep an eye on the temperature and have a healthy diet is necessay.As a consequence of the different culture between China and America,the life there may trouble you in some aspects.If you want to ask somebody for help about the problem,the student in our class can give you a valuable heip.They are warmhearted and ready to give a helping hand to you.Time permitting,we expect to hold a cultural communication,in order to improve our language level,acquire knowledge broaden our horrizons from different culture.Above all ,we can promoting the traditional friendship between us during this meeting.
Wish you a happy stay in China.
However,the reporter got different replies.
Some of people had the concept of that the money was everything in their life.
Some of the people believed that good health was their happiness.
Therefore,we understand that everyone takes his own opinion.
First,I will interpret what is my opinion about the happiness.
Nevertheless,I frown on some of the people whose opinion about happiness.
Then,I think that happiness is like this.
If you get sick alone in the home,an enthusiasm person looks after you.
Or you overcover the sadness together with a sincere friend when you are in the trap.
Of course,it's also a warm thing that your friends prepare a pleasant surprise for you on your birthday.
This is happy what I know.
Finally,I think happiness is a simple thing.
You won't find it until you really recept the world.
I hope that you can seek out the happiness.
There are so many successful people in the world.
But the most successful person in my life is my elder brother, who is the eldest child of my uncle.
Maybe he is very common in other's eye, but in my mind, my brother is a successful guy.
He always bears hardships and stands hard work.
He usually has his own thought from his childhood.
The family was very poor that time.
But he never gave up and got A+ in all subjects until university.
He believes that the life will be better through his efforts.
He is a manager in a big company now.
He has his own house, car and a beautiful wife.
Perhaps he can enjoy his life and stop striving.
But he doesn't.
He said that he has new goals and lofty ideal for himself and the whole family.
Because of that, he becomes the model of family's children, especially for me.
These also are the successful experiences that I can copy in future.
A harmonious family is important to our personal development and our physical and mental health.
The characteristic is family is full of warmth , love and laughter, mutual love, respect and understanding.
The main benefits are that the growth in the harmonious environment of the child parents be optimistic, living in a harmonious family of the parents will be healthy and happy.
Our family must do good example bevehave full respect and trust students, often communicate with their children.
Last but not least we also do we must we can do something .
Last year, because my summer holiday is coming soon, I was very excited.
So I started to make some plan about my vacation.
I haven't been to HongKong for a long time.
This time, I was so happy that I could go to HongKong.
I really wanted to travel to HongKong.It is the place I always wanted to go to.
I got to know Disneyland a long time ago, at that time, my parents took me to HongKong Disneyland.
When we went to Disneyland, I saw many lovely cartoon characters.
Beijing education authorities recently announced plans to reduce the points for the English portion of the college entrance examination from 150 to 100.The change caused a heated dispute.
Those in favour of the change hope that it will spark a positive shift in priorities and students will focus more on their Chinese language skills.On the flip side of the coin are those who argue that the country needs young people who can effectively communicate in English.
Personally,I disapprove of this change.It goes without saying that students will pay less attention to English because of it.As China plays a key role in today's globalized economy,English proficiency is no longer a bonus;it's a necessity.Living in an international city,we cannot help some foreigners without fluent English.On the other hand,with the tendency of going abroad for further study,how can the overseas students adapt to the new environment if they command a poor English?
To sum up,what motivates us to learn English is not only to deal with the exam,but also to become qualified global citizens.So,English study shouldn't be neglected.
When it comes to hero,people generally think they must have some power of mysterious,like the green arrow,the Flash,the Spider-man.But,how about the ordinary people.
As far as Zam Concered,everyone can be a hero,just like the four ordinary people,they don't have superpowers,they are ordinary people,they have family,have child,have a work and have a ordinary heart.They are good fathers.Mabe that day like as usual they took a flight;and do something they have to do,but something happened to the flight.It just happen to.
But they did unusually things after the flight crashes.For example,Lenny Skutnik jumping into the water to drag an injured woman to shore and the man who passed the lifeline on to anther passengers when they lowered a lifeline and flotetion ring to him.This is a great and touched action.He could have survied,but what makes him do such a hard to understand things even if risk his life.Like the Lenny Skutnik said:It's something I never thought I would do but the fact is he really did it.I think when the disasters happened,he realized somebody had to stand out and somebody had to go in the water.It's human character.
Yet whatever moved these men to challenge death on behalf of their fellows is not peculiar to them.Everyone feels the possibility in himself.That is what we need to learn.
He was the best we can do.
In my opinion, wealth means you have a lot of money and you can use it buy yourself.
You are the master of the money.
Health means you have a strong body.
You can jump, run fast or do many things without feel tired.
Of course, you seldom need to meet doctor.
People live in the world, should try to earn enough money, create enough wealth.
It can prove yours ability.
Whether men succeed or lost.
People always assess them by how many wealth they have create.
Of course, if you have enough wealth you can do many things what you want.
Health is very important for every.
If you want enjoy the life, you must have a healthy body.
Then you will have enough energy do what you want do.
It's the base of you work.
In my opinion is heath.
Have a health body then you can enjoy the life and have enough energy finish your work.
After that, you will win the chance to create yours cause, earn a lot of money.
I feel so rejoiced that I have a chance to learn guitar in the summer vacation after the College Entrance Examination.
The college is so different from the imagine of us.L don't have much leisur time on campus.The homework as much as that in our High School and it's more difficult than before.The leisure time is so little that it becomes precious.That's why I said I feel it's rejoiced to contact guitar.
When I pick it up,I nearly forget all the things,I just remember the soft sunshine and comfortable air of summer.So I really want to learn more songs by myself,I love the determination,not only can it make me have progress on the skills of guitar but also it can give me energy when I get into trouble.
I will insist on learning guitar and keep on fighting in my campus's life.
Some of my staff should train the foreign language,because of the export order.The people who in charge of the order should attend the training.The courses will start at 9 o'clock on 30th October in the meeting room.I hope you can all come on time.
I'm very glad to invite you to see the concert with me.It is a very celebrated concert for youth which has been played by Back Stree Boy in many campus.If you want to go please call me.I will wait for you at the library gate at 6:30pm on sunday.I will be pleased to see you at that time.
During World War II,Winston Churchill was a well-known and influential Prime Minister .Besides,he was also endowed with reputation as one of the greatest orators of the twentieth century.During the darkest day of the war,his war-time speeches were absolutely essential to the Allied victory .
From the text "Speech on Hitler's Invasion of the U.S.S.R", we can learn some stylistic features of churchill's speech .In the following passages,I will analyse the stylistic features of Churchill's speech from two aspects.First,as we know,in order to catching up their listener's attention in an arresting string of sounds,churchill enhance the impact of his words and ideas.In fact,he was a master of this technique .For example:"we shall fight him by hand,we shall fight him by sea,we shall fight him in the air..."In this part ,the poetic rhythm and flow of the language can easily claim our attention.As a result,we can know Churchill's strong determination to fight against Nazi army.
What's more ,churchill's speeches contains the lexical features.Firstly,Churchill was favors on short and homely words .A good public speaker should let the language which in his speech be immediately accessible to the audience's comprehension .For example,"'I see them guarding the fields which their fathers have tilled from time immemorial.I see them guarding their homes where mothers and wives pray..."I am appreciate the simplicity and brevity of Churchill's language from this example.
Nowadays, with the technology's developing and the net's progress, more and more people, most of whom is from the developed area, like shopping on the net, but different people have different views about the online shopping.
Some people like shopping, others don't like.
On the one hand, some people who like shopping on the net think shopping by a computer or a phone are more convenient and easier than go out.
On the other hand, some people prefer to stay at home rather than go out.
Finally, the prices of online things are cheaper than those in real shop.
As far other people who don't like online shopping, I think they maybe don't like to stay at home.
But in my opinion, the main reason why some people don't like the online shopping is that net is a virtual world.
You don't know online things are good or bad.
If you buy something on the net, when you receive it, it is maybe not the same as your imagination.
In a word, everything has two sides, which are good, or bad.
Therefore, shopping on the net for some people who like shopping on the net is maybe a good thing, but for those people who don't like shopping on the net are maybe not.
We must take an appropriate way to treat it.
I'm so glad that i have some leisure time on campus when i can pursue my hobbies.Leisure time is very important and necessary for me because i want to improve my abilities in each aspect .
I spend most of my extra time traveling ,reading,talking on the lnternet with my best friend who is in Beijing,talking and shopping with my real life friends.And i really enjoy going out into a quite place.
I can really relax myself and breath fresh air at this time.Especially i feel sad.Moreover,i also take part in lots of socities to make friends and learn other knowledge.There i will get along well with them.The most important i can get much happiness.So i feel very luck.
Ultimately,i sincerely said:without leisure-time hoppy,it's hard to get really happiness and abilities for me.Leisure-time plays a vital role in my life.
Love is like something in our lives we experience an emotion which defies definition,meanwhile,marriage is also defies the description.Then,what do girl students look for in a boyfriend or a happy life?Here are survey by Chongqing University of technology and Business and East China Normal University 2005.
As regards a boyfriend,most of girl students suppose personality is the most important factors,it's take up 31%.Nowadays personality is really a popular part in our life.27% of them look for boy's abilities.14% of them suppose appearance is important,however,I really don't think so.And 17%of them look for common interest and goals.Only 11%of them agree that economic status are the attraction.
As for a happy life,68.2%of girl students suppose that marriage and family is the most important aspect,this is also the most common views.19.7%of them suppose career is indispensable,because is the guarantee to a stable life.And only 9.1%of them look for money directly.Rest of them have the different opinion.
In my opinion,all of these factors have an effect.However,the most important thing is sincerity,if you are sincerity with everything,you will enjoy a happy life.
Nowadays our earth is becoming warmer and warmer.
Carbon dioxide emission is the main reason for global warming.
Here are some pieces of advice to slow global warming.
First, if we go out, please take a bus or go there by bike because it can help us to save a lot of energy.Second, when we go shopping, please take a basket, don't use plastic bags !Third, when we leave a room, please turn off the lights.Finally, don't use paper cups, bags or boxes.
Can we do others to heip them?Sure,we should use more clean energy in our daily life,to.
Next, we'd better go to work on foot or by bike instead of driving a car if possible.
Besides, we should recycle bottles, glass and plastic bags.
We should also plant more trees.
In short, we should form a few habits of saving energy in our daily life.
Let's take actions now to protect the earth-our homeland.
I believe if everyone can do more for our earth, we will have a better future.
There is a serious sexual imbalance in different subjects in universities nowadays.Therefore,some people come up with an idea that the number of male and female students should be same in every subject.As a matter of fact,I totally disagree this view.
First of all,the gender,to some degree,decides different abilities between males and females.Most of us know the truth that males are good at logic,science and physics while females are talent about linguistics and liberal art.As an illustration,the great mass of male teachers teach logic,architecture and math.However,many female teachers teach linguistics and literature.What's more,males are stronger than females so they can do some manual work but females cannot,such as workers on the construction plant.In addition,females are more careful than male,the number of female nurses are more than male is a convincing example.
Secondly,it is a fair right to let students choose their own subjects.
Students should choose subjects that they are really interested in and schools can't make arrangements for them.Provided that schools use force to plan students' subjects,some students will not go to classes because they dislike the lessons and the rest of the students will take classes in a careless way.As a result, schools will get a very poor result because they go against the principle that every person have the right to choose.
Last but not least,some special subjects have strict sexual requirements.Although some of us would not like to admit this, companies or governments have sexual requests even sexual discrimination.A case in point is that some companies often add some extra conditions when they recruit employees,for example, "these positions are only available for male(female)".It is a heavy social problem that lots of graduates can't find jobs.
All in all,I disagree the opinion that universities should accept the same number of male and female students in every subject.The differences about abilities between men and women,the reasonable right to chose subjects and the actual requirements according to employers make me get this conclusion.
One of my favourite books is The Lost World, by the famous writer Arthur Conan Doyle.The story happens in London at first, but the characters start their real adventure the Amazon Rain forest, where full of mystery and danger.
It tells some breathtaking stories about a reporter named Malone, and his companions Summerlee and Challenger, the two professors.Also including a professional explorer named Lord.
Four of them have different characters and different reasons for their journey.
Malone is a junior reporter for the London Daily Gazette.
He is so hot-head that he intends to do something crazier than giving report.Luckily, he gets a chance to do an interview on a scientific meeting, which is giving by Professor Challenger, who insists there is a lost world on the Earth.At last, Challenger decides to let Summerlee see the lost world by himself.That's how Malone gets another big chance to be famous.Lord also takes part in the group as an explorer.From then on, they are on the way to the lost world and begin the exploration.
My favourite part of the book is when the four of them stuck at the foot of the plateau.However, they need to climb up.So they have to discuss a way.Challenger finds that they can cut down a tree which grows at the edge of the cliff.Finally when they attain the top of the plateau, two villagers push the tree down and do not follow them anymore.
The Lost World is a great book.I read it for the first time when I was ten.It is not only an adventure story but also a philosophy book.Conan Doyle describes the types of dinosaurs and the unknown creatures.It shows people how they think about the magic nature world.It is full of professional knowledge of creature and science.It is even been act as an exciting and full of imagination of the adventures of exploring new things.It is still read by people all over the world and it is thought to be one of the greatest American stories.
We are all hope that have an unforgettable wedding.
Let's learn the western wedding's process.
As we know, a western wedding is to hold in a church.
First, the bridegroom stands there that waits for the bride.
Then the bride and her father walking slowly with music.
After that the bridegroom and the bride begin wedding vows.
Afterward the most important thing is that they exchange rings for each other.
It means true love and importance for each.
Lastly they kiss and prove their love.
A western wedding is ending.
It's very single.
But it's very sacred.
I like western wedding very much.
With the great development of modern science and technology,there appears to have growing individuals read books via various ways.
Except the old fashion way of reading books,online reading such as e-book, which is becoming widespread.
E-book is a production of times.Using e-book is a trendency in today which science and technology is much advanced.
But should we use e-book?The phenomenon is that a growing number of Chinese people take a liking for e-book.
On the one hand,it is indeed a convenient way to obtain the latest works from the internet.What you should do is just to click the mouse and you will get the literature works you want .For this aspect,people who is lazy can reduce much troubles.On the other hand, long times spend on reading online will be harmful to our eyes .It is obviously that radiation from machines do great harm to our bodies.As a result, people should reduce the rate to use e-book.
As far as I am concerned,people,especially,us students had better to use the real books for our reading matter.First ,reading books can make us calm.When you read books,you will have a concrete feeling.Second,real books have less print mistakes than e-book .So readers will not misled by it.Finally,some content of e-books may be pirate .As some businessmen want to get more illegal profit,they just plagiarize ohters works.To build a legal society and to respect the toil of those writters,we should read books instead of e-books.
I have been China for days to join in the Experience China activity.It's not neccessary for you to worry about me.Chinese family living with me makes me relaxed.Now,let me tell you something about it.
First of all,I had some friends who study with me and do some sports with me.It was really kind of them.And then, I had a visit to many scenic spots and historic sites of Beijing,and it was all geart.Peking Opera made me intesest.The most attractive thing for me was tasting Chinese food.Surely,I also learned about Chinese history from local people.What's more,I was on time for Spring Festival.All chinese people ate dumplings,which I had a lot of.
Above all,I love the life here.If possible,I want to spend more time here.
I wish that you will send back soon.
Befoer winter comes, the campus is the autumn of our children.
Autumn is a beautiful sentiment,but also the beginning of life.
Although leaves are die, we don't sad.Because we like tree lines and shadow in the sun.
Before winter comes,the sky is blue.Sometimes it's very clear with no wind.Then the earth is beautiful like a peace of poem.
And the setting sun is thin.I feel the world always in my heart.
Before winter comes,my life is fun.Lovers walk side by side and hand in hand in the street.
Poets write fresh and beautiful poet in their room,full of happiness.
The north of spring is mellow,the north of the summer is passion,the north of autumn is cold, and the north of winter is freaky.
When I tired,I always listen the voice of rain, I also enjoy the autumn of leaves.When you feel lonely,you may as well have tea and read a book with wind,it's comfortable and meaningful.
Before winter comes,I'am ready to meet the world with my best mood.
As college enrollment year after year,and the rising number of college students,a huge tremendous business opportunities of college travel consumer market is emerging,students travel market is becoming a new highlight of the Chinese travel market,so on the basic of the full research of the status quo on the college tourism market,according to its characteristics and prospects,and then establish the tourism market development strategies,it has a strong practical significance and a high economical value.Undergraduate tourism market is a potential market which hasan urgent need to develop and improve.As long as tourism enterprises based on the characteristics of undergraduate tourism market,taking the right development strategy and it will form a "blowout"of undergraduates tourism boom.The potential economic benefits will be excited to form a certain scale,And to promote the domestic development of the tourism industry, even as China's tourism image of establishing a new brand and influence the international market, we can see that Undergraduates travel market has great potential and broad prospects.
activities that improve the mind for a long time,he can copy with things in study or work better because his ability to think and create is improved.Second,by doing these activities,one is less likely to be impetuous.On the contrary,one is more likely to be in meditation.Third,a lot of knowledge can be gained through these activities,which can increase one's personal charm.
However,some people feel that it is important to rest the mind during leisure time.They believe that the rest of the mind insures the high working efficiency in that your mind is energetic after rest.Besides,the rest of the mind can help people feel less nervous in the stressful society,which benefits the psychological health of people.Consequently,they support the idea that it is important to rest the mind during leisure time.
As far as I'm concerned,I'm in favour of the former idea because the more the brain used the more clever it will be.
Great changes have taken place since you left.Our living conditions are getting better and better.
Our house becomes large and wide.
There are plenty of people have moved into well-equipped blocks of flats.
Besides,we all have had telephone.
We also have bought color TV sets,washing machines,fridges and so on.
Wide roads connect villages and towns.
The rich even have bought tractors,trucks or cars.
In the other hand,students can enjoy good education.
Our government cares very much about the reconstruction of our countryside.
The villages will become city soon.
I hope you will come and visit soon.
When I was young.I always depend on my father.
.My mother said "when you started to walk ,you are so careless and it is your father who paid more attention to you.He was so patient .No matter how busy he was,he would set aside some time teaching you,and showed more patience to you " The first time I learn how to ride a bike.Tt was my father guide me.He told me how to do to prevent falling.After my father helps me.
I finally can ride a bike.When I was in middle school.My teacher was very angry with me when I did something wrong.so my father should go to school and help freeing myself from that.Now I am in university .My father always give me free.As far as I am concerned it is for me to do something myself.So I want to find a job and light my father's work.But I did not find any thing to do for myself.so I suppose I was always depend on my father.I want to be more excellent and do any thing myself.So I should work extremely hard.Whenever how life would be.
As time went by,I became a college student.
I remember everything about myself at first day of my college life.
I think my college life will be very beautiful.
I think I can make many friends and I hope my college life will be meaningful.
I must work hard,so my teacher will praise me sometimes.
If I have a good result,my college life will be very meaningful.
I love my college life and I love my friends.
You may feel that college life is boring.
Studying in college is a new start of our life.
So I think college life will become wonderful as long as you make it meaningful.
Studying in college is a new start of our life.
In a word,college life is wonderful.
I'm quite satisfied with my college life,but there is still some room for improvement.My college life will become better and better.
Recently,a reality talent show called the Voice of China has received a lot of praises and encouragement.It's a fact that this show made a great success in this field.
The judges sit on a chair which can turn round with pushing the red botton on its arm.So this can guarantee that the judges wont't see the apperance of the singers until they turn round the chair,which means they appreciate him and want him to join their teams.That's the reason why it is so creative that almost everyone enjoys it.
The moment more than one judeg turn round,the initiative comes to the singer.The singer can choose one of the judges who are interested in him.
That means the singer is succeed.
In my opinion,the highlight of the talent show is the right which is owned by not only the judges but also the singers.Obviously,it's true and fair.The apperance won't disturb the choice of judges.They just depend on the voice to estimate the singers.
So it is called the Voice of China.
There is a traditional concept that students should be required to do homework.However,if everyone does the same homework,we will lack autonomous thinking,which doesn't benefit in our study.Should students be required to do a lot of homework?
You're a student.Everyday you have a lot of homework,which makes you get tired of studying.Therefore you suppose that one day you would have no homework so that you can have more time to do your own business.If so,it's true that you have more personal time,but will you spend the time in studying?
Nowadays , I am a university scholar.
I suppose that I have known a little about myself.
There is no doubt that I am a smart girl.
I am learning the Geography Information System.
At first, It is likely that I am not interested in this special field.
However I haven't abandoned it.
The family which is in U is a sweet house.
In my family, I surely know what is love.
Love of family is loving my mother and father, and siblings I have .I intend to protect them, watch over them , and fill their lives with a great joy .
My parents have an innermost feeling for me which in my case , they express every day.
It is said that these good folk learns that the best way to give help is as a team.
So, the friendship light my life.
We play, laugh and sing together.
We get along well with each other like sisters.
When I came to the collage, I gradually find that I have a dream.
But the dream have a price.
There are two valuable lessons I have obtained.
The first is that there is effort involved in making any dreams come true.
Dreams are powerful, but only when they're reinforced by research, study hard and effort.
The second is that if you do the work, you'll reach your goals.
I like to play the violin and I play it every day.
In a capacious classroom, there is no one except me.
I enjoy than the notes dance on strings and the sound resounds in the air.
It's my life to live.I often listen to the music and think about the different implications involved in.
IT'S MY LIFE TO LIVE.
It's nobody else's life that I don't have to live to please others or to meet the expectations sometimes.
Especially when we recognize that meeting them is in our own best interests.
In the seas of the sound, the world is belongs to me.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery and today is a gift.
That is why they call it the present.
This is my motto and I'll do it for my future.
I didn't know what would the future be, but I knew that I would have a long way to go.
And I believe I could be brave enough to take up all the challenges in my future life.
My future is mystery, but I enjoy it.
Sometimes, you may be my scenery.
I am just a common girl.
Obviously, I'm just to be myself.
Lucy is an American who lives in New York.She went for a trip to Beijing last week.She went there by plane and arrived there at 4:00 on the afternoon of November 3rd.
There were a lot of famous places in Beijing.Lucy was very excited because she could learn a lot about China.She took some photos and bought many things.Lucy stayed in Beijing for four days and at last she flew back to New York.She enjoyed this trip and had a wonderful experience.
With the rapid development of our life.
lifestyle is changing quietly and making effect on our health.
no doublt lifestyle have two aspects on influence our health, it can strong our body and it also can make us weaken.
what the relationship between lifestyle and health.
there are many examples can advocate it,but I think the following examples are enough.
the one example is that you will feel swelled when you go to bed after having a meal, but if you can have some phsical exercise,the circumstance will be changed.
The other one is tipical.
in modern time ,we can see many obese people,the most of them are lack of exercises,on the contrary the sport man will be better.
We know a healthy lifestyle can countribute to our body,but few people can do it well.
so we should take care of lifestyle firstly.
it's important to keep on doing a few of exercises every day,never giving up and insisting on it.
To sum up,a healthy lifestyle can benefit us tremendously if wisely handled.
With the development of economy and technology, more and more people move to big cities to live fast rhythm.
In big cities, there are many high buildings and large mansions, places of public entertainment, more jobs to supply.
In short, the life in big city is colorful, meaningful and exciting.
To be honest, I prefer to live in the big city than countryside.
Despite air is fresh and the environment is graceful in countryside, I still feel like staying in the big city.
Firstly, food is abundant for people who live in big cities while food is sometimes in need for farmers in countries.
In addition, people in big cities participate in some formal parties at times and taste delicious food in slap-up restaurants.
Secondly, the traffic in big cities is convenient.
The majority of people own cars and drive to anywhere they want in a short time.
What's more, security administration there is strict with people.
Finally, big cities provide students with higher education.
We can be absorbed in books at the good atmosphere of study and fight for our bright future.
By the way, students in countryside may have more determination, they can also make it in that nothing is impossible.
As an old saying goes,Time flies days come and go.Life is changing every hour and moment.
important thing for me,so I have no time to do what I want to do.On the other hand,my parents don't allowed me to play computer,they hope I can go to a good university.In the past,I followed the wishes of their parents,Learning to learn.But two things happened.
First,I met a group of friends,one of them did I wanted to do and encouragements me.His encouragement makes me decide to do this thing.
Then when I was in senior Middle school,I entered a body art class.The learning atmosphere made me did't want to learn anything and I learned didn't go to school.Day by day,I had got into the habit of didn't go to school.
Now,I enter university,there are many worth making and I think I can continue to my ideals.The life was changed for me because all the friends can help me.It's a self-reliant sort of life.Change from now!
Influenced by the United States,some Chinese people tend to use tomorrow's money today.Recently a Beijing information company did a survey of student life among more 700 students in Beijing,Guangzhou,Xi'an,Chengdu,Shanghai,Wuhan,Nanjing and Shenyang.The statistics show that 33 percent of students would like to use tomorrow's money today.However,in my opinion,saving money is a better choice.
First of all,saving is the traditional virtue of Chinese nation since the ancient times.There is no reason for us to drop the soul of our nation,so we can't do that and we never do that.Secondly,saving money is a good habit.On the contrary,spending tomorrow's money today makes people form a bad habit of throwing money into the air.And sometimes the power of the bad habit can be so great that people may easily become victims to their attraction.
What's more,the most important point is that using tomorrow's money can't provide a real comfortable life for us.According to the survey,some people would like to choose to spend tomorrow's money just in order to improve their living standards and enable them to live a happy and well-to-do life.Nevertheless,we should know that premature consumption may bring with a series of debt problems and extremely terrible life.Maybe one day,we will be in financial crisis like America,which is called superpower.It is necessary to emphasize that Americans set about changing their excessive consumption patterns since their financial crisis has happened.
Today,using tomorrow's money,a consumption pattern,which comes from America,is being abandoned by themselves.Why not we do that?So I emphasize that saving money is a better choice.
Two passions,hard but overwhelmingly strong,have control my perilous life.
The lonely for love,and the search for knowledge.
When i was one year old,I far away from my parents and arrived at my aunt home.I don,t know why,they do not like me at all.I can get homesick all the time.Every night ,I am awful of the heaver rain and the heaver windy.Although ,I knew my parents was extremely busy.From then on,I know I have a sense of responsibility of being on my own,I leart a lot.
Now,from my experiences,I think the truth of life I began to appreciate that life is enirch and colorful.
wherever you are,it does not matter,you should know whatever you do,you must be on your own to adjust to your life.
Life is a leaf of paper white,thereon each of us may write his word or two.
My name is R and my hometown is Y .A family of five,l am youngest,my parent love me very much and my sisits often offer helps to me.So in my home,I was very happness.I have long black hair,big eyesand sweet smile.I am 157cm tall and have a little fat .In life,I look quiet ,but I also like the sports:running ,playing badminton and playing pingpong ball.In the free time,I often go out to have fun with my family ormy friends.Sometime,I like alone to listen sung,read books and watch TV that make my heart clam dowm.In the future time ,I will try to learn domain knowledge well,make more friends.Next look for a good jod.Finally ,I hope I can learn English well to travel around the world with my parents.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that everyone in the world must be in want of a friend.
Friendship severs for delight, encouragement and sharing.
For delight, one who has precious friends will never feel lonely; he can always be accompanying of friends.
For encouragement, when one feels disappointed, he can find that his friends are always on his side to give him a hand and encourage him to go ahead.
For sharing, a person who owns a true friend can share happiness and sadness together.
For one person, by sharing happiness with his friends, one will become happier; by sharing sadness can relieve one's pain.
That is the value of friendship.
Because it is very friendly .Also it can make us happy.
First, the parrots can live more than 50 years.
It can accompany you to live a long time.
Second, it's easy for parrots to answer your emotions , for exemple, it can make you happy.
It can also play with you too.
Thirth, parrots are very clever, and it can talk with you if you teach it patience.
Finally, parrots are very beautiful and friendly.
Their fur is very colorful and they are kind.
No long ago.
Sanlu milk powder incident once again draw the attention of food safety issues.
I think there are probably two reasons.
For one thing, the criminal business add a number of unsafe things into the food driven by the interests.
For another thing, the country's regulatory regime is inadequate, so that criminals can take advantage of the opportunity.
Food safety is very important.
If you eat unsafe food, the consequences would be unthinkable.
Therefore, we should take some measures to prevent unsafe food.
First of all, the government should strengthen management and improve the law to punish illegal food maker.And more, consumers should depends on its production date and shelf-life when they buy products.
In short, to solve the food security issues need a long way to go, it needs the efforts of all sides.
I have a happy family,and there are a lot of family.They are to love me.Of course,I love them,too.
At the same time,there are too many rules in my family.
I can't hang out after school on school days.When I was child,I must do my homework before supper,and I can't do this,can't do that.The danger of things I can't do,even I can't swim,because my elder sister died of drowing.I know they want to protect me.But my high school,I can't watch TV until finish doing my homework.
I have to clean our room and wash my parents' clothes and my one.
I must help my mother to make lunch on weekends and so on.
I don't have time to relax.
Now, I did go to school college, they still tube I, each holiday home, they all regulations, I can't drink, no matter what time,including beer and wine.
I know they are concerned with me, but I don't want this kind of life.
However, finally I will do as they say.
Because I want to make my family happy.
I always dream about my family in the future,how my husband looks like,but what I worry most is my mother-in-law.
Because a lot of people say that get along well with mother-in-law is very diffcult .I hope to have such a perfect mother-in-law.
She is friendly to me and my parents.For my parents are friendly,I think the two families can ge along well with each other.I always imagine such a scence that after my mother-in-law and I sitting together to watch TV after dinner.She is kindly looking at me just like my mother.How lovely the moment is!
My perfect mother-in-law must have some common habbies with me.Therefore,we can become good friends.I hope she is fashionable ,not conservative.So when I bought a new dress,she could say'very good,it suits you very much' but not 'oh no,it's too expose!'.
My perfect mother-in-law is in good temper.If my husband or I do somethings wrong,she can talk with us in patient.Besides,if she have a good temper,she can help me take good care of my baby.
All in all,I hope my perfect mother-in-law have a young heart,goodtemper and good politeness.
We both like shopping and buy fashion beautiful clothes .Then I will love my mother-in-law and also have a happy family in the future!
Now,there are so many kind of newspaper.The one of them that my favorite is 21st Century.
The newspaper born in Beijing.It comes out every week.It has many interesting thing on the newspaper.It has five layouts.Sach as Weekly news,Today's world,The language classroom,sports and music,and students reported.
The characteristics of newspaper is illustrated.So it very popular.
The one of newspaper'purposes is help students learn English word.And it also makes students improved them English.
My name is L,Today I write the note to you that I am going home to visit my month,because my month was ill and stayed in hospital.I am worried about my month's health and I want to look after her that I have to leave a week which is form fifth to eleventh of November.I will give the e-mile sent by my brother and prove my word is true.What's more,I will make up my work during my leave when I go bank to work.
At last,I hope that sales manage can agree my leave please.
Then, I heard the intermittent voice like water dripping.
I was extremely frightened .I started to identify the source of the sound.
After a while, I went upstairs to find the voice.
I stopped at one door, approached the door and looked through the cat's eye.
Suddenly I looked in a real human's eye full of blood.
Then, I ran down the stairs accompanied by a scream.
I prayed that I will not go into this dreadful house again.
After three years, once on the way to a place, I took a woman in black to her remote home.
While I was talking to her, the accident happened.
At last, before I died, the woman in black told me that, "You had seen me in that room originally, why you did not save me.
Tourism is an essential part of our country's industry.
Tourism has many advantages to people.
The development of tourism can boost economic growth.
What's more, it can spread China's traditional culture to the foreigner.
On the one hand, all tourists will have a nice time,on the other hand the businessman can benefit more , and so on.
But the development of the tourism is a sword with two blades.
Owing to the tourists' increasing, many historical relics were destroyed and some tourists throw rubbish everywhere.
I t is bad for the environment.
These all go against our ideas .
S o what should we do to meet the problems.
First, we should promulgate a decree about tourism .
Second, we can set dustbins indifferent places , and hang some sings which read something that people can not do.
But this is just a reminder.
If people go against the rule, we can take measures t o publish them.
For example , we can impose a fine to them, or we can have a class for him , which is related to protect the environment .
I believe it can improve a lot .
With the growing number of technology industries ,many technical goods are spring .Manypeople who like reading books use e-book.E-book is becoming more and more popular among young people.Different people have different ideas.
Some people like using e-book,but other people hold that e-book has some problems.
People who think that e-book is very good hold that e-book has three advantages.Firstly,e-book is very nice and small.It's convenient for people to carry on.
our environment.
Neverthless,some people believe that e-book has some problems.Firstly,because e-book is convenient,some people are addicted to it.If they spend much time,they will have little time to do their works.Secondly,there are many secret informations online,people's information can be known by others.I think it is danger.
In a word,I believed that if people use it properly,e-book will be good for us.E-book will be a necessary in the future.
Recently, the topic whether college students should hire cleaners to do laundry and clean their dorms causes hot debate among general public.
Those who support this act think that hiring cleaners is conductive to students when we take the heavy pressure and loads of homework imposed on students into consideration.
As far as I am concerned, hiring cleaners is harmful to students' development.
Firstly, college, as a stage of studying and improving one's ability, is different from high school and primary school.
Students should become independent instead of depending on cleaners to clean the dorm.
Secondly, hiring cleaners on the premise that student has to focus on study is not a reasonable pretext.
Therefore, every member of the dorm should form the habit of cleaning the dorm by oneself.
Last but not least, as college students have no financial income, hiring cleaners will increase heavier burden on their parents' shoulders.
Students may also become more stressful for that.
According to the above analyses, I can honestly say students should keep the dorm hygienic with the own hands.
Only they are responsible for the sanitation of their owns, can the be responsible for the future of their own life, of our country.
Currently, it is universally recognized that blogs have played an increasingly part in people's life.
see, many people not only express their thought but also exchange their ideas by utilizing blogs.
function,such as you can publish your article , express your thought immediately and you can know a number of messages about other people on blogs.
What is more,it is extremely convenient and fast.
blogs, you can illustrate your viewpoint and you will receive many other bloggers' replies.
your passages online, you can benefit a lot from other peoples' advice.
Yet, the demerits of blogs should not be ignored,too.
people out of money.
In addition,some illegal people even spread some false information on the internet.
Personally, it is undeniable that blogs have been making a crucial contribution to our daily life.
meanwhile, we should not ignore that everything has two sides.
benefits from blogs.
colourful and civilized.
Recently we have made an investigation on whether the test paper for Senior Three students should be difficult or not.
Some students think the test should be difficult.
Because they like the test which has some chanllenge.
So it is best which is too difficult.
If the test will be difficult, you can know where is your weak link.
The other students think the test should be easy.
Because if the best will be too difficult, you may be lose heart, and it is possible to fear the test.
If the test will be easy, you can make a good grade, and it can increase your confidence.
I think the test should be difficult, because if that, you can know the distance for people or people.
The cartoon vividly mirrors one of the problems in our life that some young people underestimate the importance of learning basic skills in recent years.As far as I am concerned,the basic skills as a stepping-stone to our success.If we don't lay the stepping-stone step by step to a solid,the higher climb,the more pain we get.In other words,no basic skills,no success.Who masters the basic skills well is better grasp the other difficult skills and qualify to more difficult jobs.
In the era of talented people,the basic skill is so important to guide us to success.Only learn basic skills,our future will be brighter.
In recent years, the internet as a better source of news than newspaper along with the development of society, and I would like to surf on the internet.
There are some reasons for the following.
First and foremost, it's more clorful than the newspaper.
For example, one new can release in many different ways.
Besides, the internet is more convenient than the newspaper for us to read and learn.
Such as, we can use it in the phones, computers, electronical dictionaries and so on.
Last but not least, the internet is more quickly than newspaper.
Sometimes we can use the wifi and we can find the information what we want.
For the newspaper, it is limit for us to learn about after all.
The most important is that the newspaper is less abundant and comprehensive than the internet, and there are more and more people in the during life are willing to use the internet.
Including the children and old people.
On the contrary, the newspaper is hardly to find in today's information age.
Form my point of view, the aboved factors can account for the choices of the internet as a better source of news.
When we get there,the mountains around us.The first day,we found our hotel and my parents take me to visit the sights around the hotel.
The second day,we visited XiangBishan,the shape of this mountain just like an elephant.So people call it XiangBishan.We took photos there and fed the birds.It's really beautiful.
The next day,we get to LiJiang.We need take a boat so that we can visit the gorgeous sights.It was so fantasic!The sights were so pleasant that we didn't want to go back.
The table comes from humaman resources ,January, 2009.
refers to staff recruiment and turnover amongest departments.
andD is 10 in july,2008, and the number left of one is 1 by january,2008.
empoyed of administration should be 20 in july ,2008, but in january 2008,there is no one left.
A common sight in modern society is that going to college can contribute to marriage felicity for the most part.Are there any connections between the two seemingly separate concepts?
Contrary to conventional wisdom,higher education,instead,leads to the rise in divorce rate.
on the one hand, people that have access to higher education are showered with advanced thoughts.Consequently,once their marriage is confronted with conflicts,they will be courageous enough to split up.In ancient China,people,especially women,were wrapped in traditional ideology,which made them feel ashamed of breaking up with their spouses.So they would rather remain intact even if they were abused by their counterparts.Whereas,higher education reverses the previous situation.
Another compelling reason behind the phenomenon is that higher education endows people stronger ability of survival,especially women.They are mentally and physically independent,so they don't have to be parasites on men.When their marriage is met with discord,they will get divorced without hesitation instead of weeping over the unsustainable marriage.
Last but not least,the educated crowd who are exposed to higher education are more ambitious than those who are excluded from higher education.They are much devoted to their career than to their family,which means they forget to make a tremendous commitment to the details of their daily life.As the adage puts it,"flowers without love will fade soon",thus their marriage is more fragile.
In conclusion,an advanced degree is no guarantee of a happy marriage.So find time to be your spouse's friend and maintain it with mutual respect.Only under that circumstance,can both sides in love be mature in the disparities of love,and grow up in the wave,and finally reach the marriage acme of perfection.
Now we are all college students and we have more relaxed ,more different life.Because of this,understanding what is crucial for us is necessary for everyone.However,in this case,different people hold different views .
Some people believe that Academic Performance is still essential for college students.On the one hand,college students still have lessons and examinations,so their main task is the study.On the other hand,only passing the exam can we graduate.Therefore Academic Performance still play a crucial role in our life.
However,other people don't think so.In their opinion,Communication Ability is more essential than Academic performance.Firstly,we have more chance to communicate with different people in the college,so Communication Ability is indispensable.Secondly,in this society,we always need to express our ideas.It also need good Communication Ability.
Personally speaking,I'm in favour of the latter.For example,if you have excellent Academic Performance,but your Communication Ability is poor.As a result,it's difficult for others to communicate with you.Also,you may be hard to show your excellent ideas.
Last but not least,as a college student, we should develop in all-round .However,Communication Ability is a basically ability.We should also pay more attention to it.
Reading books need skill.Somepeople think reading books need selectively.But other people thingk we need extensively.I have view of my slef.
I think reading books are need skill.Beacuse some books are hlp for our,but some books for our have bad effect.
We have choose help for ours.This to our life and study have some help.
I think reading books need skill.This is very important.The we had a lot of help.
Nowadays, an army of college students choose to have part-time jobs.
It has both negative and positive impacts on students.
On one hand, they always do these jobs after class and they have no time to review.
It does harm to their studies and cause their performance decline.
When they pour into the society, they will forget that they are still students.
If they are used to the life in the complex society, they will not want to study again.
However, study is the most important task for students.
On the other hand, doing part-time jobs will earn much money.
These money can be used to buy reference books and improve their studies.
What's more, when they are doing part-time jobs, they will meet different people.
It will help them to widen their horizon and have rich experience.
College student will learn to make up new friends and deal with different problems.
We should draw on the advantages and avoid disadvantages.
In the rapid development of society,there has been an urgent demand for talents who possess the capacity to understand the operation of machine and knowledge innovation.University is the place where student can motivate their capacities and inspire students potential.The National Exam is smart standard which can primary verify the ability of the students.
It is necessary to ensure that our future workforce is prepared to accept the future challenges.In order to met these requirements,we need a selection mechanism that is fare and generally known to all the people,that is the National Exams.Since the first exam was administered in 1997,the National Exams have been becoming Chinese tradition.I don't think it is the right time to abandon this tradition.First of all,the National Exam tests an individual's knowledge of more specific subjects.Many people believe that the National Exam is a more accurate assessment of a student's accumulated knowledge.Second,our society not only needs the professional people who come from the colleges,but also other builders.Third,some argue that the scores are not a valid predictor of a student's future grade point average.But a student's GPA is not the sole criterion a college uses when selecting potential students.Other factors,such as classes taken,activities,class essays,letter of recommendation and the applicant's personality are given just as much weight as the scores.
As far as I'm concerned, we don't need to get rid of the National Exams,our kids need to be better prepared for it.
Nowadays online shopping is becoming more and more popular with rapid development of the Internet.
Though it's convenient, different people have varied opinions about it.
Fewer elderly people try to shop online.
They have little knowledge and technology of online shopping and moreover they worry about being cheated.
Many young people like to buy what they need on the Internet.
First of all, online shopping is of great convenience.
And next, it is fast.
Last, they like to use something new.
As far as I am concerned, I often shop online.
Firstly, goods online are less expensive than what is for sale at shops.
Secondly, I can pay for something special hard to buy in my city.
Thirdly, online shopping can give busy people or disabled much more convenience.
This is a growing business so it will have a bright future although cheatings happen in the Internet.
At the beginning of the part of this movie, a boy was disabled with his legs which wear braces on.
His shoes stuck between the steel bars of the drain.
And his mother helped him to got out of his trouble while two men are sitting on the side of the road staring at them.
Then the mother shouted to the two men: What are you all staring at, haven't you ever seen a little boy with braces on his legs before.
It shows us that his mother took him to protect very well, but the boy was a little self-abased.
His mother told him that he was no different than anybody else because she wanted him to be confident.
Forrest and his mother lived in an old house which has been his mother's family for many years.
Their economy is to rely on rent house.
He said that his mother was a real smart lady.
We can know that he adored his mother very much.
His mother insists that his son was no different from others, so she wanted that Forrest could accept the best education.
Before they went in to the headmaster's office, his mother squatted down to tell him that he was no different from others.
But the fact was always cruel.
The headmaster of the school told her that his son is different, his IQ is lower than the minimum of the state requires to attend the public school.
His mother protested that everyone is different.
From the video, the impression of the boy left to me is that he is an ordinary boy.
God unfair to him, gave him the disabled legs.
But he is lucky, his mother loved him very much.
She was a smart woman, and gives him confidence.
His mother tries her best to let Forrest live a life like normal people even better.
Though this video, we can know that Forrest's mother made a lot of efforts for him and try her best to make him be same with others.
No man is born silly.
Everyone has their own unique mettle and talent.
Every people have their own way of doing things and live a life.
It is important to have the same indomitable spirit of Forrest Gump.
The Spring Festival is the greatest festival in China with the meaning of prosperous and happiness.But I really get tired of it for the following three reasons.
The first reason is that the main tradition of the spring festival does harm to the environment.Besides,the loud noise which caused by setting off firworks really trouble me a lot.In addition to that,although eating outside with our relatives will develop the relationship between us.Yet it is really a waste of food for ordering too much dishes so as to be enthusiastic.What's more,it is the gift money but the traditional culture that matters to the child.It seems that the sping festival becomes a day on which we can eat better,wear better and get some gift money.
In my opinion ,the spring festival means much more than a celebration day for new year.As the matter of fact,it ought to be a time of peace and meaningful.
As we know,the use of cellphones is more and more common in terms of teenagers at school in modern time.Every coin has two sides,so we should know it differently.
On the one hand,they are useful.First,we can use them to look through the news about politics or economy to open our mind.Second,we look up large of knowledge that we lack of,which is supposed to do.Third,if we were unhappy,we would listen to songs which make me energetic.
On the other hand,they have many drawbacks.Firstly,when we are studying,they might divert our attention so that influencing our grades.Secondly,they are likely to have important effects on order in school because of arguing between some students and others.Thirdly,sometimes they can make noise when teacher is attending class in class in classroom.
In conclusion,I think students at school shouldn't be allowed to use cellphones ,because the seriousness of disadvantages can not image.
I'm Mark Zhang,The last talk about with you very happy on Guangzhou Trade Fair.I am very interested in your company's phone.SoI want to ask you something.I hope you can tell me more information about products.Such as product specifications.colour.price function and so on.This phone have a very good market prospects.Hope to establish a long term business relationship with you.
Thank you for you kindness, and your prompt attention to this letter will be highly appreciated.
We are looking forward to your early reply.
Sorry for the inconvenience this may cause you.
such as peppers and fish is so delicious.
I have a wonderful trip.
In recent years,more and more people begin to realize that a lot of traditional customs and traditions are losing their charm and some of them have even disappeared.While many reasons are given as far as this phenomenon is concerned,I think that the fast development of technology impedes the traditional cultures.
Firstly,technology,for the most part, provides people with nothing but convenience and comfort.For example,in our Chinese culture,when the Spring Festival is coming,people always come and go to visit relatives and friends.
A warm and heated family atmosphere is therefore created,so everyone can feel the warmth and care of others.While nowadays there're so many brand new ways of communication,cell phones and chatting online for example,seemingly make people stay in touch more easily and conveniently,but without a face-to-face contact,these greetings have become routine.
Secondly,lots of young people get to know more about foreign cultures which they find some customs and festivals more interesting and fashionable than what they have celebrated ever since they were born.They begin do things in a ''modern''way.Young people nowadays are more passionate about a Christmas celebration than about our Spring Festival.With time passing by,there're always new ways of thinking and living emerging.The society is changing,the world is changing,and so is our traditional culture.But on the other hand,owing to the new technology and innovations,now we can go and visit a relative who lives far away from us by air instead of spending many days or months walking.
In a word,I think the development of modern technology has greatly influenced traditional cultures,some of them will be changed or even lost.But these changes are not necessarily bad.As long as the essence of our tradition is kept safe and sound,and we keep passing on from generation to generation,we don't have to always focus on the formalities.Technology is actually a double-edged sword which can be either beneficial or detrimental to human society.
Some people think that help a stranger is a virtue.
Find in helping others is usually considered a virtue,and be above suspicion doubt the fact is this.
Sometimes helping others is a lift a finger.
One way is to others get the happiness they think.
Some people think that help a stranger will even dangerous trouble.
Sometimes in the side of the road to the fallen up will be cheated,now more and more of these cheated example.
Their ideas are not wrong.
I think the encounter stranger in need should be active to help.
Actively assist some one in needs.
Someone is going to help us when we are in need of help.
In recent years, more and more American venture capital and private equity have established branches in Europe.Europe offers interesting,albeit challenging,opportunities to companies outside silicon valley.
And their favourite areas are telecommunications and biotechnology and so on.
Most American VCs target the European market with a dedicated fund.Europe is an area with subtantial political, institutional and regional differences and degrees of economic development, investors should consider reginal opportunities.
As the VCs growing steadily, a good number of global companies will be born in Europe.Although Europe is on the right track to create the right culture for VC,the are still some obstacles such as the low tolerance for risk taking need to be removed.
There is no shortage of money or good ideas and the problem is to convince people to take risks.
Stress is everywhere and almost no one can escape it.
It may be in the examination rooms, in the ward, in the tracks and so on.
If you are playing the roles as some children's parents, you may be faced with huge economic burdens-----their expenses on education, on food, on clothes and any aspects of daily life.
If you are a student, you may have got too many expectations on study from your parents and relatives and be confronted with fierce competitions.
If you are a manager of a company, you must be worrying about how take full advantage of human resource and achieve to maximize the benefits.
Stresses differ from a person to another, but it is the common ground for everyone, and nobody can avoid them.
So we are supposed to face up to stresses instead of being anxious and doing nothing.
To face up to stress, we need have a good idea of stress first.
We should learn to know the causes of stress, what will happen if we don't deal with stress properly.
In terms of objective factors, we are living in a world which is developing at top speed and as the commodity price rises, we force to compete drastically with each other in every field of life.
It is the time of the survival of the fittest.
Hence we work hard, study hard and have less sleep and relation and sometimes accidents attack us by surprise.
We become alert to anything and are afraid of being eliminated, then we get into anxiety and stresses.
On the other hand, there are some personal reasons causing our stresses.
It is easy for us to lose our tempers as a result of physical discomforts.
Under many circumstances, most of us have a tendency to compare ourselves unrealistically with others and are eagle to possess more others don't have.
Academic expectation, high career goal and personal relationship, all of these leads to a growing tenseness.
It may cause mental problems such as anxiety, and depression, and physical problems like insomnia and headache.
In addition, stresses result in suicides, drugs and crimes.
However, it is the truth.
Now that we have an idea of the reasons and results of stresses, what we need to do is not to worry (this is not my purpose) but to figure out the methods to release our anxieties or stresses.
Firstly, when we feel anxious at the beginning, we' d better attach importance to it and don't make it accumulate, because if you leave it alone, it hurts you in silence.
Secondly, we should form a healthy habit.
Don't work, study or play games into deep night, have enough sleep, do some exercise every day and keep a balanced diet.
Last but not least, when you are disturbed by stresses seriously, don't ignore it and you ought to have treat from psychologists and this is not a shame.
Just take it easy and take it normal.
Stress is inevitable but not terrible.
When it comes to you, don't regard it as monster meanwhile don't leave it alone.
Just face up to it and find out the origins.
Then deal with it in a right way and let it go.
As we all know,with the development of society, it is becoming a fashion that the ten-dance of low-carbon life.There are some phenomena showing low-carbon life,since the society more developed,the more improved person's required the quality of life.
For the low-carbon life, first we should reject some behaviors that the water and light of abused, saving water and light are very easy for us.
Second,we should use baskets or the bag of recyclable instead of rubbish bags,which can reduce the using of rubbish bags.Third, if you go out we should get there by bike or on feet.
The reducing of privates bus can decline carbon dioxide to clear the air.Final,we must do us utmost to protect the environment of our live and we try our best to save the limited resources.
Low-carbon life make our life more pretty,It also let us have a healthy life.
The world is becoming wonderful with low-carbon life.
Recent year,Guang Chang Wu has become more and more popular in people's daily life, especially in China.
It can be called crazy.
Therefore,there are some different comments about it.Some people support it,some are opposite.
The worshippers of the dance cover from the youth to the old.
This activity has become a common and necessary thing in some people's daily lives.With the force of livelihood, people must make money in the day,so they have less time to do physical exercise.In addition, the retired who have lots of spare time, feeling lonely.
While,Guang Chang Wu can make them together,not only can make the dancers have a good workout,but also make them enjoy it.A coin has two sides, however, it brings noise to neighborhood,which disturbs the regular life of the people in the neighborhood.
For me, I'm supporter of Guang Chang Wu, not only because it can help people do physical exercise together by dance,but also bring great joy to the dancers.What's more important,it can improve the neighbours live more tightly and peacefully.
A number of person think the car which is convenient, but someone think the car plays an important role in the modern life.
Our life can't have no cars.
Everyone wants one.
Cars have many advantages.
For example,wherever,people can drive thier own car to where they want to go.
Cars instead of walk, driving car spends less time than walk that going to some places.
Every coin has two sides.
Cars also have disadvantages.
Such as cars pollute the air.
The two sides of street park some cars that make the traffic become crowded.
Many car accidents make people lose life.
In conclusion, cars are useful in our life.
We take the public transport to where we want to.
However, we can reduce the times of drive cars.
We should protect the environment.
It is a great honor for me to have a speech here.Currently,the issue of the phenomenon that a student asked her mother for a trio of Apple products and made her mother burst into tears,which capture people's attention.
The incident really reflects the problem of the society,however,what it is that cause this tragedy?Apparently,the affection for satisfactory from vanity of the adolescents do attribute to this.
Nevertheless,what we should attach significant importance to ,in my opinion,is that we should thanks parents'care and love , we should cultivate the habit of conspicuous consumptions,we should depend on ourselves.
Eventually,I wish all the students could understand parents'heart,for they are the most related persons in your life.We should release parents'burden.I believe you can and you will!
It seems to me that the drawing is sending a message about two persons who are sheltering from the rain and hand in hand closely, which reveals the true friendship between them.
In my perspective of view, the saying of " a friend in need is a friend indeed " is always applicable to us.
Sometime our preoccupation is on having friends, perhaps we should focus on being a friend.
Apparently, everyone like those people who lend you a hand when you are in trouble.
So, please don't have a stingy heart to help your friends.
