In addition, we should limit people to purchase too much cars with low.
Otherwise, people have to pay a fine.
My fianal suggestion is that roads and traffic facilities should be improved.
Overcrowding does not do good for us, we should try our best to change this situation and make us live better.
I come from Shanxi,a province not far from Q.My hometown has lots of famous places.Such as Pingyao,Yungang Grottoes,Wutai mountain.
If you come to Shanxi,you will sense the enthusiastic of Shanxi.And you can eat a lot of food you have never eaten.I don't like the tourists because they always bother me.
Then I will introduce something about my household.My grandparents are farmers.My uncle is not only a farmer but also a cook.My home is a two-secondary bungalow that is built of local stones.
Here are some activities that I've taken part in.For example,I take part in the oral English club in our school,which attacts me when I first saw it.The activities in the club not only improves my oral English,but also help me in expanding my vocabulary,in a word ,it's good for my English study.Oo the other hand,I also play football in my spare time.Though playing football makes me tired,but it also increased my stamina as well as teaching me valuable skills in teamwork and communication.Except for these,watching English movie also make me relaxed in my free time.
In my opinion,we should try to spend more time in after-class activities,because we can gain social skills which we can't learn from books,such as teamwork,strong mental attitude and so on.
how times flies!soon you are going to graduate from the university and apply for a job,apparently i know a lot of things and acquire some skills as a college student, basically we can make a disscussion on this question from two aspects below.
First,how to get along with others ,what i learned is that you should not be selfish when someone need a favour you should give your hand , it depends on what kind of situation, besides that you should know someone you shouldn't make friends with who are often borrow money and barely return,then as a consequence of the circumstance that you are live in a dormitory shared together,you should respect the others'ways of live which turns to be positive .
i also know a lot of professional knowledge ,my major is business english ,through the study ,i can see i really get improved ,especially the listening, and speaking ,and i also learn some professional knowledge how to communicate with the customers properly ,speaking of english ,wo aslo learn some subjects about business .
So this is basically what i learn from the university, i cherish the time in university which provide knowledge for us .
It is obvious that holding part-time jobs has become a growing tendency among university students.
In my opinion, every coin has it's two sides, and I will discuss the advantage and disadvantage of this trend.
On the one hand, if we have a part-time job after class.
It indeed can improve our social skill.
We meet different people in different occasion.
We will know how to face some people that is not accessible.
Maybe in the future, in our full-time job, we will meet the same thing.
Also we can make our courage improved.
Before we do the job, maybe we would be shy of communicating with others, but if we have experience, I think we will have the courage to face stranger.
As for me, the most exciting thing is not those things.
Having a part-time job will increase my pocket money.
I can buy something that I love.
On the contrary, we must give up the time to study.
We will be busy with job, so we have no time to read books.
Maybe w cannot learn something form the job.
Even because of our ignorant.
We will be cheated.
So, if we want to choose a part-time job, we should be cautious,.
The best way is to choose a job that is benefit to us.
Everyone aspires to succeed, but only a few of them could become triumphant in their life span.
As to me, what I lack is the self-confeidence and ambition.
If I could own these two treasures in my hand, I will step into the path to success one day.
Firstly, to be confidence, nothing is more powerful like confidence, when you are truly and justifiably confident, it radiates from you like sunshine, and attracts success to you like magnets.
It is so essential to believe in yourself, Believe that you can do it under any circumstances, because if you believe you can, then you really will.
That belief just keeps you searching for answers, and then pretty soon you can get it.
Charles Chaplin once said,you have to believe in yourself.
That's the secret of success.
He is not only a master of humor, he is also an excellent example of success.
When he wore in baggy trousers, a bowler hat and walked in a funny way on the stage, many people ridicules him sarcastically, but he was never afraid of other people's eye on him.
It is the self-confidence which help him to make his way in his life.
So confidence is not just believe in you can do it.
Confidence is knowing you can do it.
Knowing that you are capable of accomplishing anything you want, and live your life with confidence.
Secondly, to be an ambitious person.
It is not difficult to imagine a world short of ambition.
It will probably be a kinder world: without demands, without abrasions, without disappointments.
Then, what a boring world it would be.
Nowadays, many university students just want to indulge in extravagance and pleasure-seeking.
They despise who are working hard and never want to join their ranks, because in their mind, life is to indulge themselves in creature comforts.
They never have any dream to pursuit, let alone to be ambitious person.
We do not choose to be born.
We do not choose our parents, or the immediate circumstances of our upbringing.
But we do choose how we shall live, courageously or in cowardice, honorably or dishonorably.
We decide what is important and what is trivial in life.
No matter what a bad condition you are living, you should have the ambition to face it, to improve it, even to change it.
Forming our own destiny is what ambition is about.
In a word, what I lack is what I pursue.
If I could become more confident and more ambitious, then I could be far more closer to be successful.
As the development of economy.Today more and more people start to use cellphones.I think that using cellphones is a revolution of Intertnet.But students are not allowed to use cellphones.
Do you know cellphones' advantages?If not,I can share with you some of my ideas.
In my opinion.
It can send messages very fast.
However,cellphones really have some disadvantages.For example,it is a place that people usually spend too much time on it.In addition,it's bad for our eyes as a result ofcellphones' use.And it might cause Internet pollution.Lastly,it has a effect on our study.
In a word,cellphone is adouble-edged sword.So,we should use it correctly.If so,our lives will be colorful and meaningful.
This is my new friend Bob.
Today is his birthdy.
He is thirteen years oid.
His favourite color is green.
He likes playing basketball best, he plays basketball after school everyday.
His faourite season is sprine, because he likes fiying kites and flowers.
Don't need too much talking without saying anything,English just a important language.We must learn English.If can't leave my hate thing, just enjoy it.Maybe I will love English.Beacause English,my universe will nerve be the same.
English hit me like the sky fell on me.Sure,I don't like English,I don't like difficult thing.I think is boring.Today I konw learn a language is a important thing.So I want to learn English.I start like English.Whatdoes't kill you makes you stronger.I will stand a taller.
Now,too many people come China,English is a language to be we can talk.And have so many book and games are English.I like playing games,but my English is bad,I can't understand some means.So I want to learn English,let me can read English books and playing games by myself.
I like to learn English,beacauseI need English.English is very important.
Before winter comes,many animals are preparing for the winter.Some of them will eat some food to sleep all the winter.
Before winter comes,the leaves will fall down.It will get light late and get nightfall early in winter.It will be foggy in the morning.We can not see the green leaves,and we can not see the blue sky.It will be foggy in the morning.We can not stand the heat gone forever and the upcoming is unable to imagine in the cold.So we should wear more clothes.Looked at people in the street wearing clothes are thick.The not leak the slightest wind.
Some people think our city should add mpre taxis because they think we don't have enough taxis.If we will go to somewhere,it is a good way to take a taxi.But we will spend more time waiting for a taxi.They hope that raise your hand and a taxi appears in no time.But other people believe that our city shouldn't add more taxis.The traffic will be more crowded than before if our city add more taxis.
They also think more accidents will be taken piace easily.
In my opinion,our city shouldn't add more taxis.Wherever you go,it will spend more money than bus.And it will pollute our city.
How I wish we can find a way which we are pleased with to go to school or go to work.
Nowadays , a good education becomes more and more important in our society .
For example , if we want to receive a good job , we should have a high academic qualification , and master good skills , or we will be eliminated .
And also , what the world needs is civilized man , we should invent useful things to make our life more convenient .
This is why our country adheres to the implementation of nine-year compulsory education .
A good education not only is good for our country , but it also is good for ourselves .
So , we should seize the opportunity , study hard , become a useful person .
With the development of technology,many schools bring up computer into class.Teachers learn how to use computer in class.With improvement of into computer technologies,many people think computer would replace teachers and result in their unemployment.But I think computer would never replace teacher .
Although the Internet has a great variety of things that teachers may don't know, teachers can teach us more.Teacher not only teaches us knowledge but also how to get along with people.Computer only is a machine.It can't have communication with you.Teachers can talk with you and tell you life's experience by themselves.
Student can use computer to surf the Internet .Internet has good things and bad things.Sometimes,we can't resist the temptation.We can find many interesting things in Internet,for example listing music,see a movie,game,study and so on.We not just use computer to study.Students often have fun in computer.Some of student even are addicted to the Internet.
If computer replaces teacher,students who can't control themselves and play computer game all the time rather than studying.It is very bad for our eyes,if we use computer for a long time.we feel sore with eyes.It can cause myopic eyes.
For most time,computer is convenient for our life.But teachers are irreplaceable in our society.Teachers can teach us more knowledge and learning method.So I think computer would never replace teachers.
When I become a college student,it means that I have a new life.
I think that I should make the college life meaningful.
In fact,have a meaningful life is easy.
For me,meaningful college life is to realize my dream.
Although it's difficult,I will try my best to achieve it.
Then I need to study hard to achieve my dream in the 4 years.
I have enough confidence.
In order to what I want,I will study hard.
One day Madam C. J. Walkeshe found started to lose her hair.
She asked many young ladies in the same age for some way to save her hair and tried many medicines.
But it didn't work anymore.
She had no idea to change the fact that she lost her hair everyday.
When she felt hopeless, she had a dream.
In the dream a man showed her some plant and said they can make hair to grow again.
She got up and found that kind of plant.
She tried and surprisingly found it worked- the hair grew faster.
She started to make the plant into a product to make money.
It's a good way to make money.
She soon became rich.
So far, there are lots of literary works have been changed become films.
One is to watch TV.Because they think it is time-saving,interesting and very easyto watch TV.And the other isto read original work.Their opinion is more of details.Language is very beautiful.
I like watch TV,as well as reading original work.I think it is strengthen the picture feel of watching TV.Besides ,I refer watch TV to read original work why I am a lazy girl.I can't look the book of pages.Sometimes I like reading books.Because I think it is centle and quiet .At that time,I can read original work.And to throw away the television.
More and more people willing to choose the wedding of west,the whole wedding from started ending to be filled with romantic atmosphere.
Before the ceremony officially began, the pastor enters the church, next the best-man and maid enter the church.
Then along with the rhythm of wedding march,the bride takes her farther's hand walks to bridegroom's in front, is hand over she to bridegroom's hand personally by her farther.
Next they exchange a wedding ring to kiss each other under the pastor.
When the end of wedding, the bride will throw present for female guests.
There is much increase in sales of 2012 contrasted with the last year.
The whole results of this year are much better than before.
decreased.
Relatively, pre-tax income increased.
We all know, VIP clients will largely affect our sales.
However, several days ago, as we delivery 100 pieces of laptops, but no one accept at that address.
This was our liability.
So the client claims a remedy of 1000 dollars.
And in my view, that is adoptable.
The color of pachaging can draw person"s attention quickly.
The shape of the products is another attraction.
Different shapes represent different meanings.
both colors and shapes are silent but persuative salesmen.
Without doubt, the packaging of products appeal to us.
However,these beautiful products sometimes have poor quality.Once I bought a box of chocolate with golden painting.I thought it would be perfect to eat.But in fact,it was so bad to eat.
What we should figure out is what is really under packing.Sometimes,good packaging is intended to cheat consumers into buying products of poor quality.
So it is important for us to be a sensible consumer.Before buying the products,please read the instructions of products and figure outthe value of products.It can prevent packaging from cheating you.
Everyone has a dream.
Somebody wants to be a doctor, a teacher, a reporter and so on.
And I want to set up my own businesses.
No matter what your dream is, only after continuous effort can you obtain what you look forward to, such as the success, the glory.
Now I am working on my dream.
First, I study hard and make a good foundation for my business.
I often go to the library, it's a good place, let me broaden my horizons.
Second, I should accumulate experience.
Sometimes I do a part-time job.
Although it's very difficult to me, I can learn many skills of communicating with others.
It is well known that there is no road of flowers lead to glory.
Only when we are pursuing our dreams in a perseverant way will glory finally come.
My entrepreneurial dream can bring my glory.
So I will try my best to achieve my dream.
Success is a wonderful thing loved by everyone, including me.
Nevertheless, success is never a simple thing.
On the way to success, I shall inevitably encounter many difficulties, hardships, frustrations and obstacles.
In order to overcome them, I need three personal qualities.
The first one is perseverance which sometimes have the same result with genius.
I am not a girl with a lot of patience.
When I do one thing, I often want to complete it quickly and rush to know the result of it.
If the result is not as I thought, I shall feel extremely disappointed and never try again.
What's more, when I face something which seems pretty difficult, I always choose to give up or keep away from it.
That is a very bad habit which keeps me from success.
Therefore, perseverance plays the most essential role in my way to success.
The second one is hardworking.
Idleness is the root of all evil.
However , I am addicted to be lazy in life.
I seldom get up early to reading English or French.
Besides that, I often keep on putting things off until the deadline arrives.
Sometimes I see my classmates working hard, I feel a sense of guilt.
I know that it is time for me to fight with my laziness in that to be triumphant I have to keep one step ahead other people.
The third one is creativity.
We all know that It is creativity that promotes the construction of human civilization.
However, most Chinese students are lack of it.
I am one of them.
I have been accustomed to being spoon-feeded for a very long time.
Maybe I have even forgotten how to stimulate my creativity, just as a broken machine.
It is known that success belongs to the minority.
Thus, if I want to stand out of the ordinary, I need to develop my creativity and be a number one.
Life is a marathon.
No one wants to be a looser.
We all make great efforts to pursue success, to reach the peak.
Therefore ,we need to gain lots of personal qualities to cope with all difficulties.
Only we have a strong desire for success, can we do our best to make achievements on the way to success.
It is universally acknowledged that captain America is considered as symbol of American spirit.Captain America is a countryman born and bred,who is called Steve Rogers.In the first instance,he is just an emaciated young person.In order to devote to his country,he volunteered to take part in the military's secret plan.Then,he was injected with a secret serum and becomes a super soldier.
At this moment.Nazi spy murders the professor of the drug formulation.Onlydo the Steve becomes a super soldier.The America government arranges him to fight with enemy.But captain America is not an inherent hero,he also has not an immortal body,this is the reason why he needs shield to protect himself.He is just stronger,braver,more resourceful than others.He makes his effort to the battle.
Finally,captain America becomes the hero of America persons as soon as the battle ends.
there.
However, it also brought some unexpected problems.
Many of the people more and more to ignore Chinese culture and Lead to the cultura .Contemporary college students are more outstanding,for example ,With the economic income increase and The nature of the persecution,The animal life on earth is less and less,however,The less we live.
I hope we can take care of nature,first,we want to rare wild animal,the love of nature.
Hello, everyone, my name is X.
 this year.
I'm from J city, T province.
I am a lively and cheerful person, like making friends.
In ordinary life I like to play basketball with my friends, drink some wine blow brag.
Feel this is the life.
This is purely personal opinion, please don't ridicule me.
I also like music, but I personally not very can sing.
Though my name and rock godfather name.
It's a pity that I didn't he so good voice.
As the saying goes: as if by predestination, opposite for strangers.
So I think can study with everybody together is a kind of predestination, hope in the later days we help each other make progress together, to the next level.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.There are so many after-school activities in our school.
I take part in many activities.Such as swimming,watching English films.I also took part in singing match and got good grades.These activities influence me a lot.I improve my English level by English films.I can swim well because of swimming training.What is more,I become more and more happier and healthier.I advise students can take part in activities positively .They can help you a lot.There are different kinds of activities .when we choose,we should follow our hearts.We should choose that we are interested in .And then,you will feel happy and hopeful.
A good school environment is important for us.It can let us better learning.So,creating a green campus is significant.Green campus consist a lot of ways and it not only means the green environment.
For creating a green campus.Firstly,We have wish study and calm down to learning when have a good environment.Therefore,we should take care of and treasure public circumstance.Secondly,we should civilization terminology.we talk in a low voice with public environment.Thirdly,if you look some people need helps,you can offer some helps.of course,you should speak thanks to other people help.Finally,we should join in the school organization activity with positive too.
Let us together creating a green campus belong to us.
As we can see from the picture, now many people stay at home every day, because they have computer which they can shopping or go to work use it to.
What the picture reflects is a common phenomenon in our daily life, there are many reasons, and I would like to explore some of the most important ones here.
First of all, now more and more developed science and technology products, many people can go to work by computer and can eat food without going out.
What's more, now many people don't like sports but like to stay at home.
A few salutions should be provided to solve the problem.
First and foremost, we should go out for a walk and do some exercise more.
Last but not least, we should breath the fresh air outdoor.
"On Reading Books to Children: Parents and Teachers" brings together research on adult book reading to children.
The authors, drawn from around the world, are key researchers and eminent scholars from the fields of reading and literacy, child language, speech pathology, and psychology, representing multiple perspectives within these disciplines.
Chapters on the effects and limitations of book sharing are integrated with chapters which discuss promising programmes on storybook research.
The reality of reading to children is more complex than it appears on the surface.
The authors discuss some effects of and suggestions for reading to children that have emerged from the research.
The ideas set forth in this volume should stimulate fresh lines of research on the effects of storybook reading, as well as refinements of methods, yielding findings that enrich our understanding of this important arena of literacy development.
In the frist.
.making some money and drug .
In addition.
we must study somethings about Acquired Immune Deficienc Syndrome ,know the infect way of HIV .we know the infiuence of HIV.
and have no drug to cure , so we have to think some way to aganist it ,if some people did .we have no way to cure him ,but we have way to aganist it .just like .we can study something about it .not do something can make me in danger.last but not nest ,we hope more and more people can take action ,helping them who suffer form AIDS.
In the end .we hope we could away form pain.
When I was young I know that Mao Zedong is the famous characters.I Read" Mao Zedong biography" three days ago.This biography put him in a common farmhouse children,using a historical point to describe his growth.From the book we can see, though he and contemporaries like many people pass through a tortuous only after Marx's road, but he has a more rigid, more real, more rational exploration spirit and Exploring Bravely analysis and self-denial spirit.
This enabled him to make the previous failed to make career, achieve the previous failed to reach the heights; this also makes it a lot and his contemporaries was also rise above the common herd people lingers even entered the wrong time, and he was a step towards maturity, and lead more people to succeed.
Mao Zedong love reading, diligently studying life along with his life, in his own words is" can one day not to eat meal, can sleep a day does not sleep, can not one day do not read the book".
In his book sea travel, he read the writings of Marx and Lenin philosophy and ancient and modern, Chinese and foreign literature books, he is diligent in thinking, good at that, from the study he has been to solve practical problems.
Mao Zedong spirit of reading method, reading is always our inexhaustible precious spiritual wealth.
Mao Zedong devoted his whole life to the motherland and the people, for the country's independence and rich, strong and prosperous, his diligent work, sleep, after; for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, he is hardworking, investigation and study, the courage to explore; for the people's happiness, he rack one's brains, selfless dedication, fighting to the last breath.
Mao Zedong advocacy work hard and perseveringly, lifelong maintains simple and frugal life style.
As a leader, he always be strict with oneself, wholehearted devotion to public duty, never took advantage of his position and power for the relatives and friends to seek any personal gain.
His ideological character and moral sentiment, always inspired us for generations.
Mao Zedong is ready to stand out for justice, sympathy for the weak, Swat, second, politics sturdy, honest and clean, selfless, every order is executed without fail.
Mao Zedong era of China, is a industry foundation period, was highly accumulated, hard working and unbearable, shortage of necessaries of life time, is also the national country be on the upgrade of the era, is a civilized, clean-fingered, morality and beliefs of the times.
Thoughts of sages rare gifts and bold strategy, immortal article, still without merit, I burst into tears.
As of time, historical precipitation and the personification of the symbol, not fade, Mao Zedong Chinese western left and influence.
If read him, seems to understand China 's past, and to deepen the understanding of the present and the future; and if he read a, seems to understand this ancient land of the stacked in twentieth Century and performed on stage of grief at sep aration and joy in union.
Teamwork can always inspire the incridible potentiality.The result of collective collaboration can often exceed the sum of individual numbers.
Working together is succeed,because we can encourage each other.To build good interpersonal relationship.On one hand,will help to us form respecting each other ,understanding of working atmossphere,friendly and relaxed working environment,and so on.
On the other hand,can stimulate the enthusiasm of our work and play our wisdom.
People who possess the same goals promote each othe,can faster and easier reach destination.
Separated we fall,united we stand.
In our life, life is the most precious fortune, have a healthy body is very important.
We often see the side of the sick or dead, mostly is the cause of the illness, so we need a healthy body and mind.
The so-called health not only refers to physical health, and mental health, a person is only the physical and mental health, is the real health, we have to all-round development, is the truth, people often say that people first SHUTER, is to pay attention to the cultivation of moral thought.
Some people say "no virtue without culture is a waste, without man is defective German culture, moral culture of the people is the top grade, non German educated people are dangerous goods".
We will diligently learning exercise, seriously do every thing we learn more positive, book, have regular work and rest time; actively participate in school and social activities, has a lofty ideal, strive for the bright tomorrow.
These days,so many news had ever reported the hot phenomena about square dancing .indeed,the square dancing become more and more popular for the Chinese Dama,and they certainly enjoying it.what's more,it has already became a stable lifestyle for them to relaxed and practice themselves.however,as the coin has its two sides,the squace dancing always result in some terrible inluention while it bringing the Dama a wonderful relaxition.As a piece of news has said: a man irritated by the loud and throbbing dancing music even fired a shotgun into the air recently to scare away the dancers near his house.besides, in Hubei province,residents of a locality reportedly threw rubbish at people dancing in a square .Before that a group of students in Hebei probince organized a slient protest against people playing loud music by blocing the "stage "of the dancers in a square.The students said they needed a quiet atmosphere to study.So,different people with different statue has their different opinions as well as actions.some of them support the "square dancing "while others keep the opposite thoughts.
The man who hold the supported opinion has their own thoughts about "square dancing".On one hand,most of the dancers are women,as we all know ,one of the traditional thought in China is that:as a Chinese traditional woman,she needn't do anything but take care of her husband and children as well as their old parents,do the housework day by day ,handle the tedious things at home,won't be changed.How boring life style it is.They needn't suffer the stress from the job,and have no idea to sharing their emotion and openning the eyesight from the housework.In other words,they need a access to relaxed and relased themselves.thus,the"dancing square"has borned with the humanbeing needs.the woman who has empty time just organized together as the reason of enjoying,and dancing at the square with the loud voice from the video,they may feel so relaxed.On the other hand,more and more people has taken part in this interesting rank,and the dancing organization has the certain reason to become tremendous.
by this way,the whole people who danced together regarded the organization as a big warm family,they get the oppotunity to communicate with each other while dancing,they smiled when talked,they shared the funny and terrible story sometimes.there is no doubt that it is a precious opportinuty for them to change the stubbon lifestyle and scatted the different thoughts,and promote a development of city culture.
Just as a coin has its two sides,many people extremely offended the "square dancing".one of the most essential reason could illustrate the opinion-the loud voice from the video while they dancing had brought an amazing bother to those residents who need a quite environment to have a rest or reading or some other needs,obviously,the voice was certainly affect the residens' daily life.Both we know that one of the basic right for us to live is "resting".when someone broken this principle ,we absolutely have the rights to protect ourselves by the law.
Everyone yawns for enjoying themselves.someone like the noisy occation,the others enjoying the silent atmosphere.when we live in the social circle, what the most imortant thing we have to do is learnning to respect and understanding each other .in my opinion, there has a suggestion from my mind ,maybe the governmen could do something to addust the embarassing condition.that is,offering a stable place for these people to dancing in the basic of no bother to another people.i am sure it could be a wonderful thing if the government think highly of these kind of problems.
When I got up, I pulled the curtain and I found the world in my eyes becomes white.
I fell in love with the white scenery.
So I wanted to wait for the snow stop.
And took photos to leave the beautiful snow.
The snow stopped, so I brought my camera and wore my scarf out of the door.
After I went alone the road, I saw a man fall down on the snowfield.
So I decided to go home to clean the road.
Then I took a broom to clean, so that they couldn't fall down on the snowfield, after my parents came back.
They praised me.
I want to study English for different reasons.
First of all, mastering a foreign language is beneficial to our social communication, especially in this internationally society.
Besides, English adds our ability to compete with others, because fierce competitions are around us today.
Apart of this, I find English interesting, sometimes the same word has two or even more meanings, which often causes my attention.By studying English, not only do I broaden my horizons, but also I feel a sense of success.
I will continue my English study just for my bright future.
Hello,everyone.
Today,I want to tell you something about listening.
Everyone likes it that others listen carefully to him.
When you intend that others share their thoughts, feelings and experience with you, you need to be a good listener.
This is a very subtle psychological narcissism: the fact that someone is willing to listen to you will make you very happy and grateful.
Therefore, in all interpersonal communications, it is necessary to be a good listener.
In short, being a good listener can help you build harmonious interpersonal relationship and a good listener is equal to take a big step to success.
There are many failures caused by missing some of the information.
If requirements are handed down from high, but you do not catch it.
Things cannot be as good as if you got.
From mu points of views, if you do not try your best to be perfect, you will never become successful.
If you are interested in being a good listener when talking to people, the conversation will be 90% successful.
, If the other is interested in listening to you words when you are a speaker, you will be willing to continue to go on.
The first step to communicate successfully with others is interested in the topic being talked about and attentively listening to the other person.
Of course, communication is mutual and two-way.
After listening to the other, you also say something about the topic.
Otherwise the other may feel no meaning talking with you.
In all interpersonal communications, you need not only to become a speaker, but also to become the listener.
If you have not had this ability to be a good listener, it will be high time to improve yourself to be a good listener.
Therefore, better late than never.
I want to study English for different reasons.One reason is that I can use English to communicate with foreigner to study more and make friends with them .As we all know ,more and more people use English to many things ,so if everyone use English ,we will do things more and convenient.Another reason is that I can travel the world without worrying not know what others say,so I can enjoying the environment while strengthening my English.Besides ,I can know more about what happen in the world and learn directly from the foreign works .
There are more and more people didn't read books.we are busy making money.playing games.we have no time to have a rest and read something.some people just read the electronic storybooks.
It's time to study reading books.reading literature is important is important for our life,culture is the most important equation of country general power.And reading books could improve our weal too.there are many people don't find their target yet.good literature could tell them the way to success,let their life enrich.
'If life cheat you.
'this poem power many people.It's the power of literature.It tell us'life not only have pain and disappointment but also hope and love.
'Everything will be go on.
Television has become a very great thing in our lives.Everyone watches TV all the time,and everyone has his own favorite type of the TV show.For me,I think it is great to watch Nian Dai Show.It is a good program in my opinion.
It is educational that tell us something we don't cognize or we never hear of.
On the other hand, I have fun when I watch it.
This program invites some stars born in different period to participate in their program.
The stars can have their own time to show their talent.
After that, they tell us something interesting and memorable.
The emcee will ask some questions in every period, then, the stars answer.
As far as I'm concerned, Nian Dai Show is such a program that different from the other program.
It can broaden our horizons, meanwhile, audience can learn a lot of things happened at different period.
It is educational for the young person that acquire something happened before they born and the elderly can keep up with the fashion now.
To sum up, Nian Dai Show is triumphant.
there is a current tendency that the increasing number of cities are concerned about energy shortage.Because it has a negative impact on people's daily life and economic development.To make it worse,such a phenomenon may result in a war for control of energy.
There are at least three reasons accounting for such a huge problem in many cities.To begin with,It may rise from China doesn't have a complete system of environmental protection.In addition,the lack of energy such as electric energy may from our wastes.Most importantly,people are short of the consciousness of energy-conservation.If many people know better to save resources than to exploit new energy.
Taking the above-mentioned discussion into consideration,we shall take such solutions to the issue of energy shortage.The urgent measure for cities to take is to protect the energy by legislation.Besides,we may as well exploit new energy to replace non-renewable energy.Fundamentally,if people can be aware of the importance of energy,we can do a lot to save energy in daily life.I believe,only when such measures are performed in practice can we resolve the serious problem of energy shortage.
Chinese spring fetival celebrating the end of winter and the warmth of spring.
It began in last day of the lunar year .
end in the 15th day of luner New Year.
also is the fetival.
cards computer games.
test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.test for these words.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
Switzerland is situated in the center of Europe, with the population of 7.5 million.
And it covers an area of 4.1million square kilometers.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland.
Besides, it has one of the most well-known cities Genera.
It also has several neighbours such as Austria Frence Italy and Germany.
So it plays an important part of traffic.
Because of the beautiful view, Switzerland is called 'the garden of the world' .
As a result, there are a number of tourists visiting the famous country each year.
What's more, it has a developed industry in watches chemistry and food.
In my opinion, Switzerland is a wonderful country country to visit.
It is my dreaming destionation.
My father is a simple farmer, His skin is dark and rough.
But his hand is quite powerful .
When I was a child, My father used his hand always holding me, I felt extremely happy.
But sometimes my father teach me by his hand.
So I'm afraid my father's that hands .
Now , Alought my father is older than before, I need to depend on my father.
For example , my father offer money with me to go to college and I need my father to regulate my behavior.
So I need my father and I rely on my father.
I must thank my father told me and help the education.
In the future, our life will be better.
As for our work will be super computers to help us so that we have a lot of time to do other things.
We in the future will not be for reading, but the worry, our minds will implant a special chip, which has all the knowledge.
In the future, our food will be very unsafe to worry about the problem of food poisoning, like.
We will find more things to facilitate our lives.
Star Trek will no longer be a dream, we explore the universe.
And I am looking forward to the future of life, I hope everything will be a good direction to develop.
My spoken English teacher from Canada named Mr.Smith.
Now let 'me tell you something about him.
He has a pair of glasses on his face.
He is medium build and very young.
We all think he is Handsome.
He is an outgoing man.
His teaching method is well known to us.
His class is lively and interesting because of his humor.
As a teacher,he is rich in knowledge.
At the same time,he is also strict with us in our study.
He makes a great contribution to the improvement of our English speaking ability.
As a friend,his colour is different from us,but I don't feel like he was a stranger.
He is considered as an enthusiastic man in the class.
He often helps others.
We get along very well.
We all like him because of his enthusiasm and responsibility for the work.
I wish he can live a happier life in China.
I think you haven't been to china yet so I invite you to china my hometone to travel around .
Parents do everything for their children would make them more and more dependent on parents.Since we were born, our parents look after everything of us.
I think spoil children equal to injure children.
When I was a pupil, my parents help me dressed my clothes, packed my bag and checked my homework.
As my growing , parents not only looked after my life but also planned my future, that's make me lost myself and very bothered.
Parents do everything for their children will make them more and more dependent on parents.
As far as I am concerned parents should give children more space and choice, let ourselves planning for our future to improve us ability of choose and judge.
Also, when the children encounter some problems or fall in trouble, the parents should let them try to solve the problem by themselves.When they can't solve the problem by themselves, the parents should teach them how to solve, not to help them solve it.
That will make the children get more independence, and when they get the problem again, they will try to solve it by themselves and not to ask their parents for help.
Noadays,more and more students have mobile phones in their hands!They were used by students while they are walking .eating.talking and so on!Therefore,useing cellphones in librarys seems normally and this phenomenon becomes more and more common whenever you go to library.
It is well known that useing cellphones in library is bad behavior for students.On the one hand,they may make you can not focus on your studies and homework when you sent or received message.On the other hand,other students may be influence by the people in library.Thus,the people who use cellphone in library not only do harmly him,but also cause trouble to others who want to learn things.
It seems to me that a bad thing for every one.In my opinion,library is a wonderful place for people to study so that people can open their eyes.However,since this phenomenon comes out,the only thing people can do is that.So i think the manager of library needs to take some actions such as checking every cellphone when they come in for ensure they are in no sounds.
As far as I am concerned,I support it.Because Military Training is the most thing for us students.Especially our undergraduate .It could make us stronger and stronger .In my opinion it is very necessary for university students to improve our physical and stamina.
After Military Training,we can study more and more hard.As an university student,we should learn to independence without our parents' protect.we can grow up better and better after Military Training.Of course ,we can also learn how to get along well with new students and have more opportunity to communicate with others.Although Military Training is very tired for most students,we can gain much from it .we should do everything by ourself or ask teancher and classmates' help when we are in trouble.If we insist on it,we will be successful!
I still remember the other day,we three girls,Amber,Sweet and me,went shopping in a supermarket.Amber,with her a little fat body and her fair beauty,wandered around the market to seek a pair of trousers that could fit her well.
"God bless me to find a pair of trousers that can dress me well.
"Amber said to us.
All of a sudden,Sweet shouted,"look, Amber,there are some loose trousers in that shop.
"After her saying,we almost jumped into the shop with excitement.
"Amber asked the saleawoman.
"perhaps,you can have a try.
"said the salewoman.And then she found a pair of big loose black trousers and showed it to us.
Amber worn it with diffticulty.
"It is too tight.
"Amber cried.
Next the saleswoman showed another pair of trousers,bigger and looser,with green color,impatiently.
Luckily,Amber could wear it much easily.
"But I think the style doesn't look well.
"I whispered,and Amber nodded.
"the saleswoman said impolitely.
"You said what?Although I am fat,I admit,you can't say me like that.
"Amber cried.
I am curious about it.
"I said.
"You haven't respect us before.Haven't you heartd that the customer is God"Sweet confuted.
"You said what we want, actually we don't want to stay this sick place even another one second.
"I quarrled.
"Indeed,we hope will close down with your cruel attitude to your God.
"Sweet added.
"You...I...
"the saleswoman was speechless and shocked.Then we came out the shop.
"Let's go outside to enjoy the sunshine hand by hand.Life is beautiful and I am going to lose my weight.
"Amber said to us.
As we know,it is not common that students evaluate teachers.Many colleges require that students evaluate their teachers.In their eyes,First if students expressed their true minds,it will help their teacher know weather their teaching methods is suitable.So in some aspect,it will help teachers boost their teaching level.Second students evaluate teachers it will enrich teacher-student relationship.and improve the feelings between them in a quickly way.
However ,someone is disagree the view.In their opinions,students shouldn't evaluate teachers,because if the students do it,on the one hand it maybe let the teachers feel embarrassed.on the other hand,it not good for the relationship between teacher and student.
I want to study English for different reasons.
As we all know,English plays a vital role in today"s international community.Therefore,learning English is necessary if we want to keep up with the world.Secondly,as a language, English is linked with the history of British.That is to say,I can know more history of the world,which attracts me.Finally,I can reap the benefits of English learning.A triumphant learning experience is also valuable for other subjects.
Nowadays with the expansion of higher education ,it has caused many problems,such as the school management,theemployment problem and so on.
According to the news,the expansion of many high school is the economic.Besides the population and technology and so on.Many serious problems have been seen.For example,the quality of university student is reducing on balance.More and more university student can't find a job.
Now,we should realize these problems and find some ways to solve them immdiately.Many universities should make some proper adjustments to the expansion.Don't make it to many.Importantly,many universities should improve their management.Anyway we should do something at once.
In the university campus year, realized the rich and colorful campus life, but the pity is learning atmosphere has not formed.
Playing games, fall in love, reading novels have become we now theme.
So I need school strict management, teacher's urging, students co-front-runner consciously.
I hope to see is X personnel after listening are full, and class, library people mountain people sea.
We have only one Earth,so please protect it.
But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.
People always catch a lot of fish.
Put dirty water into the sea and river.
It can pollute water and kill lots of fish.
People throw a lot of rubbish.
It pollutes the land and animals become fewer and fewer.
Some people destroy forest and animals family.
We should take good care of our family.
Without trees,we cannot have fresh air.
Without water,we cannot live in any place.
Without enough air,we cannot live.
So,we should protect our family.
We have only one Earth.
What is known to us is that with the time going by, the winter is coming.
However, before the winter comes, I'd like to say something which can express my impression.
There is no doubt that everything is deferent, which compared with former.
For example, the leaves are not energetic.
What's more, the weather is more cold, all of us have to wear the thick clothes.
In addition, our diet is also deferent from others seasons.
Although everything is downhearted, all of us are not affected by the terrible situation, on the contrary, we are really like the time which give us the deferent environment visual, we can enjoy ourselves to meeting the winter.
As far as I'm concerned, not only you but also I must like these everything.
, It's obvious that some of us do not like the age, however, we should make preparations for the winter, I think In fair weather prepare for foul is really necessary, So everybody ought to make full use of the time and we can get much benefit.
I am writering this letter for inviting you join a judge for the upcoming English speech contest in my college.
Decide the speech contest in our school after a week, where is the school academic reporting hall of the liberal arts building.
When the time comes and partial students will go to watch.
As for the content of the speech, I want to please you in spite of being very busy toglance take time to prepare for it.
How to become a qualified judge, I think you should know more than me.
All in all, we all the teachers and students are looking forward to your coming, and your professional presentation.
The essay "Encountering American Education" shows us the author's brainwashing experience after he sent his son into the American education system.
At first, it was a total shock to the author that American education system thoroughly turned over the author's deep-rooted concept about education.
According to the course of the author's own life, the person should follow the teachers' orders, diligently learn whatever subjects teachers give to him, memorize mass amount of knowledge, and be fully prepared for that one-time crucial test if that person wants to succeed in the future.
In accordance with the behavior of his son and the author's experience of that parent's meeting and his interviews with those American educators, what he has seen and heard reversed all his older opinions towards education.
There is no handicapped children but just imperfect system.
This key American spirit echoes on author's mind as well as ours.
Every child is rough diamond and it is the educators born duty to provide each one of them with the right carving to make them shine.
As a responsible educator, one should encourage and inspire students to let them follow their hearts and work with perseverance to realize their goal.
That's exactly what American educators are doing.
As the world's leading country in technology and science, and the world's largest economy and military power, United States also seems to have a better understanding of the old saying "mentally mature before well-educated".
In China, though the policy of comprehensive education has been prevailing in schools.
It seems that we have got a little concrete results.
There are still highly-educated students doing terrible things to animals, well-educated young men doing something harmful to the society or even their families.
They have read mass amount of books and memorize great deal of knowledge, but they failed to be a responsible sons and citizens.
Their academic abilities are of the highest priority.
On the other hand, in USA, at the inauguration speech of the former president Bill Clinton, he says "Ask not the country can do for you but what you can do for the country".
We see that the value of being responsible, humanitarian and helpful is ingrained in American people.
Students from a very young age have been constantly taught to be responsible sons and citizens.
Whether they can make their way to a famous university isn't only about being great at academy but overwhelmingly abut whether the student has made enough contribution to the community.
They are told the value of teamwork and are put into teams to let them know how to communicate and eliminate conflicts to reach their goal.
We are shocked and altered when encountering American education.
It is the time for us to scrutinize ourselves and transform those empty slogans into fruitful results.
Yes,165 million students has take part in the graduate record examination, and the number has increasing with a speed that never below five percent.
Now, pursuing graduate study has became the veritable "second College Entrance Examination of the life".
Most of the people may answer helplessly that:" To obtain employment".
It doesn't mean that our students has become more and more utilitarian, in fact, it is a serious society problem.
University students hard to obtain a content job at present, it is an serious society problem.
University students hard to obtain a content job at present, it's also a fact that unemployment come with graduate", and there has one foremost reason lead to it.
For example, an alumnus told me, there are only less than seven hundreds undergraduate students who had enter the Haerbin Institute Of Technology in 1980, but now, seventeen hundreds doctor has entered the HIT in 2012.
This example reflect the elite education became the public education obviously.
So it is no surprise of the hardness of obtaining a post to the undergraduate students.
Hot of graduate record examination, it may be a tragedy of the generation of us.
I have to confess that the most important day in my life get to be that day I decided to improve my oral speaking skills.Once I stepped into the apartment,I was hearing so many different voices but the same in English.At the same time,some people in charge of this place came to surround me,to converse with me,of course,in English.It's something totally fresh to me,well it make the day novel to me.
I just can't neglect the memory in my mind,when I marched in the hall,the majority of the people were practicing English with repeaters,and the other guys were practicing by groups,they speaked loudly and they correct others' pronunciation.Only in this way,they could attain what they couldn't gain from the ordinary courses of college.Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money.It lies in the joy of achievement.
People around here are really friendly,they told me"Don't be afraid to ask for questions,even if your English isn't perfect.You really shouldn't worry to be alone at this place,cause that's never gonna happen,you can always get accompanied.
"I just know put heart,mind,soul into even smallest acts,that is the secret of success,when you want to succeed,you should use persistence as your good friend right from that day.
It is my pleasure to representative G middle school to write this email to you.My name is X,I am the chairman of the Student Union.
Our school plan to donate a parcel of book to friendly exchange schools in the United States Chinese class.
Donated books content is widespread,hope to be able to help to the Chinese interested in your school readers know more about China,inciuding China 'spast and present,culture,history,economic,diplomatic and other aspects.
we all wish you can enjoy these books,and learn more about China though it.
We will take part in camps in your school in July this year and we are going to taking these books with us at that time.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.ok,I love me,but keep modesty.ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
ok,I love me,but keep modesty.ok,I love me,but keep modesty.
Recently,that a freshman put pressure on his mother to purchase a trio of apple products has hooked our eyesight.We are supposed to confront the issues with a common heart.
First and foremost,it was the student's vanity that caused the farce.And buying a trio of apple products is nothing but a blind consumption which would cost The salary of a few months hard earned by the family.
To prevent such things from happening again.Parents should stop spoiling a child when he is a little boy.We shouldn't ask for anything we'd like to own from our parents.They have paid for our tuition fee as well as the living expenses.Endless demand will only arouse arguments between parents and us.
In brief,parents don't have duty to buy us luxurious products.So we should appreciate more but not to force them to do any thing.Thank you!
As global economy trends, competition and cooperation plays a key role in various sides.
Competition is the motivate force of making an advance, cooperation is the guarantee of success.
I think competition is necessary, but cooperation is much more important.
First of all, it is easy and quick to get success if we make cooperation with others.
United we stand, divided we fall.
In anti-Japanese War, the Communist Party advocated the Chinese people of all ethnic groups to resist Japan.
The Chinese people of all ethnic groups called for the response of Communist Party.
They held together to resist the Japan.
Finally, China is triumphant.
In addition, cooperation can enlarge your strength.
Cooperating with others can ask for help from various sides, unity is strength, which is accessible to success.
At the same time, cooperating with others also help you to improve your communication skills.
We can make a lot of friends by making cooperation with others.
To sum up, cooperation is considered as a potential power to success, so it is wise decision to make cooperation with others.
I suppose that is good for us to make cooperative in the group.First I suppose that it has some advantages to us to learn english well.When we learn with others we feel good and we can work hard so is good to us.Second we can talk with others when we are thinking some questions.Third we can aid others when we study in class I think it can make all students get good learning.
On the other hand they feel it does not has work for us to speak.
They also feel it is good for us to learn we can have a good time when we talk with others.
So I feel it is good for us to learn with cooperative.
Although not very rich,but I love my family deeply.there are lots of reason why I love my home.
First,I have a adorable mother who does good at cooking and always making food that I want to eat.of course eating isn't the most important point that I love my home so much.the other reason is that she loves me,loves father and our home the same deeply as me.she always put most of her time and energy on me and dad for our daily things,so ,I love her so so so much and I will love her more than she loves me in the future.
Second,I love my dad,he is a facetious man,so he always make our home full of laughter.and I know he is a man who never show work pressure to us but make us think he can handle everything.he is notonly my dad but also he is my friend ,we can talk about everthing and he always give me his advice but not make desition for me.i feel so lucky to be his daughter.
we have a pet dog named duoduo,he is very cute,we love him because he is one of our family member.
To sum up,I love my mom and dad,I love my home and we are happy together.
Nowadays, A number of callege students have a lot of bad habits.The numbers of college students who have bad habits are spreading.
These habits the serious influence our physical and mental healthy.
For example, some students like to stay up late.
and being addicted to the game Another some of the college students at leisure time like to buy things.
Causeing excessive consumptions,Therefor,Many college students do not like to sudy,and do not know what making money by parents is how uneasy .
In my opinion, We should make a plan to ensure every early to bed and early to rise, In nothing, considering whether this shouldn't buy or shouid, if do this, I think the university life will be very beautiful,And,I believe these college students will give up the bad habits at last.
Long time no see.
I'd liike to tell you something about my last holiday.
On my last holiday, I went to Thailand together with my parents.
We flew there and stayed there for six days.It took us six hours to got to Thailand.
On the first day of the journey,we went swimming in the beautiful sea.
To my surprise,finally I could swim in the sea.
You know, I wasn't able to swim at all in the past.
And on the next three days, we visited a lot of places of interest.
We saw an elephant show in a theme park as well.
On the last two days, we went surfing in the sea and went down into the sea.
I saw various kinds of fish.
And I bought some souvenirs for my friengs as well.
I'm looking forward to going there again.
And I hope we can go there together very soon.
I am not a very outgoing people in my family.So I always depends everything I didn't know what to do on my father.I'm not sure what I should do.It makes me so sand.
In my primary school, my father help me to finish my homework all the time.
I thought I'am a lucky boy,but my classmates didn't obtain the support from their parent.In my junior high school I often couldn't complete my homework,which made my teachers angry exceedingly.So she always talk to my father,and said something to my father that I am not a good student in my class.He always said to my teacher I am still young.And my father said to me,with time going,you could know how to study.
And now my father help me to go to college.He gave me much money per mouth so that I could study better than I am in my senior high school.So I must study hard.
Only in this way I could break away from my father.I must be independent.
In order to celebrate the publication of our new series of logistics books---New Perspective Business.Our Press would like to offer a special promotion:the predetermined cost more than 200 books at once and these books on eight discount!
Since the logistics are playing a more and more heavy in today.I believe these books provide you with a fresh perspective and they can enrich your knowledge of business.A matter of prime importance thing that these books focus on putting theory into practice.
you may send your order to marketing logistics books@pub.com or call our office at 100000080.
My name is M.I think I need to get a job as a waitress.I think you maybe want to ask me:"Why are you want to be a waitress?
"I will answer you like this: to be a waitress can get more common sense.It is no longer a slight problem.
It's related to my future life.As we know, everyone in social need talk with the others, if I can't, my future life will be very difficult.I'm 16 years old.
I can go to work every weekend.Although I don't have more enough time to work, I must work harder than any others.I always help my mother wash dishes and clean table at home, but I have not worked at other restaurants, so this work it's my first job.
I look forward to receiving getting this job.Thank you.
The enjoyable and meaningful after-school activities that I take part in are society activities,physical sports,watching English movies and so on.
Actually,they make a great difference on myself.For example,because of taking more exercise I feel more energetic at school and sleep more soundly at night.
Under the influence of after-school activities,I not only make many friends who are enthusiastic about helping others but also gain much knowledge just like spoken English and the methods of getting on well with others.
I suggest that everyone should join in after-school activities actively.You can choose every activity that you like to enjoy yourself.But you must remember not to spend too much time on it so that it won't make a bad effect on your grades.
It's crucial for teenagers to always share your own things with your friends.
Participate is a way to communicate with others.
I also have lots of experience of sharing.
Once a time, my parents bought some chocolates for me.
They were so delicious.
And my parents asked me to share them with my friends.
But, at first, I didn't do it because I thought that they just belonged to me and I didn't want to share.
However, my mom told me something and I had to share chocolates with my friends.
After that, my friends and I enjoyed them together and shared some happy things that in our life with each other.
Suddenly, I realized that sharing is a really good thing.
I can not only get happiness but also give happiness to others when I share something with people.
From then on, I always share my own things with other people.
The library is a place where students own read a book to learn.Now a lot of people use mobile phones in the library reading area.It will make the library become not quiet, students want to quiet reading a book can't set his mind at to learning,Breaking the quiet in the library.
I think that students can proper use, but must be transferred into shock and don't listen to loud music.Had better not use mobile phone library, let each student are quiet reading a book.
Therefore, we should be aware of mobile phone use is not in the library, build a quiet learning environment.Make full use of the library to study.
The Mid-Autumn festival falls on the 15th of the eighth month of our Chinese lunar calendar.
Being one of the most significant traditional Chinese festival, Mid-Autumn festival is a symbol of the reunion of the family.
As the you all know, people eat moon cake while enjoying a full bright moon on this day.
Meanwhile, traveling and visiting friends are also the common activities to celebrate this festival.
To sum up, Mid-Autumn festival is far more than just a simple festival as it stands for the love and auspicious wishes between family members.
less than twice.
Sometimes, the teachers should probe student of study,life,hobbies and so on.
This process doesn't not charge with students.
To cultivate students to be a competent man is teacher and student's duty,and they must fulfill it.Each end of the semester will conduct a test, the exam score is student a semester of receiving achievement evaluation .
Now, we are finding an efficient teaching method.
But I think the communication for students and teachers is of great significance.
Sometimes I imagine I live in different times.
But I most enjoy life in the future.
Nowadays, science is developed fast by human beings.
I think the future's life will be more comfortable and green.
In the future, the furniture will be controlled by computer.
It will be smart and save energy.
For example, the power which will be used in my house, all make from solar power or the rain's and wind's power.
In my house everything is green and smart.
In the morning, my solar clock will remind me to get up when it receive the first rays of sunshine every morning.
At that time, my cookers will be cooked breakfast for me by my computer.
Everything is simple for me because I can do nothing without spending money I can enjoy everything.
Today,advertising is become a important part of part daily lives.Some people think advertisement is convenient to their lives,but some people think advertisement waste the TV viewers'time so that make more and more people don't like watch TV.
In my own opinion,I think advertisement is good for us.First,there are a lot of product in this world and it's various,if we don't have advertisement today,we wouldn't know which product is suitable.The second,advertisement is a tool to spread imformation,if there have a new product,but not many people know this product,so only advertising can be promote it to the world even every corners.Last,advertising can induce consumer interests and desire,it can promote consumer behavior of production.For example,if there are not advertise product from trader,we wouldn't often want to buy something.So a good advertisement can be attract most people's attention.
My name is Y and I am from X city, Y province.
I am an outgoing girl and I love to take part in interesting activity energetically.
My appearance isn't especial, such as my black and straight hair, minor ears, normal mouth.
Nonetheless I have a roman nose which is similar with my mothers'.
Although I am plain, I also have extensive.
I am interested in dancing, singing, watching movies and playing the guitar and it is funny for me to practice them.
Where I am from is a beautiful town with my parents and there is fresh air, delicious food and colorful culture.
My father who loves his job is an accountant and my mother is a housewife.
They are good and honest persons who give me life and teach me principle.
I love them as similarly as they do.
As far as I am concerned, university is a place where I can get more knowledge and skills.
I am honored to make many friends here, which is helpful to my growing.
So am I grateful to my university which offers me good environment that I decide to finish my university satisfactorily and accumulate a lot of experience for my future.
Someone said, youth is the best time of our life.
For me, youth is the best time of absorbing, so what I am willing is to become a bookish and diligent person strenuously.
In a word, these are some basic informations about me.
AS we all know,reading is the good acess to getting knowledge.we can get many uesful information by reading.However,different people has different ideas.They think the best way of learning is practicing .Here are a few my suggestions.
As far as i am concerned,reading is more approprite to study.
To begin with.We start to read books when we were a little child.reading has played an important part in our life.Secondly.
You will be benefically if you read a good book.What's more.There are various kinds of books we can read .some of make us happy.some of cushioning stress.More importantly.Extensive reading borden our eyes.
In a word.The more books you read,the more knowledge you will get.
Teachers are very important to children,they let we know how to be a good person ,how to study,and let them get more knowledge.
What is a good teacher?That is a question.
In my opinion,a good teacher must be a good person,because a teacher not only teach children lessons,the most important thing to teach is let children know how to be a good person.
When chilren grow up ,they are the host of the country,so,it is also necessary to teach them lessons,open their eyes.
The last point,is that a good teacher would take care of his/her students,to protect their heart,and children will grow up healthily and happily.
That's all what I think about a good teacher.Thank you for your reading!
In the long history of human education,students are exposed to formal examination.Testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability.But there are an increasing number of people who have begun to advocate the reliable and feasible examinations.
To begin with,student in university tend to believe that formal examination is out of date.Because it can only improve marks on the text.Furthermore,there is a real limit to personal capability of innovation and creativity.After graduation,they are less competitive in the job market.
As far as I am concerned,different test system based on different national phenomenon.It is hard to say formal examination is right or wrong.However,reasonable reform,such as American test system,are an effective method to help students improve the social practice skills,which is also what the education itself needs.
There is no doubt that everyone's heart has a people .It's called love.
Love means giving .
Love makes the world go round.
As far as I am cornced, mothere's love is the garetest love .Whenever I hungry ,she can make cooking for me.
Home no matter who buy suitable clothes ,mother will be oneself buy cloth to make .
In spite of tired everyday,but she never say hardship .I believe, to love and to be loved is greatest happiness of existence.
I will cherish her ,because she is my mother .
In my opinion ,everyone should do it .
As what is vividly shown in the picture,high school students,businessmen,housewives and divers are watching their smartphones on the street.They are regarded as "phubbing",in other words,they always focus on their phones whenever and wherever.I hold the idea that if we are addicted to smartphone,it will do harm to our growth.
There're three main reasons to support my point of view.To start with,addiction to smartphone has a bad influence on our study.Due to the appearance of various information,maybe when we had intended to search for related materials,as a result,we only choose to read other attractive things.In this way,we not only cannot obtain something we really need but also it is a matter of wasting time.In addition,it seriously affects our body.When we put much time and energy on smartphone,we are bound to feel uncomfortable,like headache,dry eyes and neck ache.What's worse,if we have been looking at the smartphone every day,it will bring about other diseases,such as female menstrual disorders and ischemic stroke.Last but not least,addiction to smartphone will make people become more and more lonely.Once we play with our phones continuely,as a matter of fact,we aren't used to communicating with others any more.That is to say,the longer we use our phone,the less we communicate with people.In the long run,it will lead to farther the distance between people.
There is no denying that smartphone plays a vital role in a competitive society.Nevertheless we aren't allowed to be addicted to smartphone but we ought to use it in a full and correct way when we really need it.
Along with the time development and the technical progress, many new science technique appear.
For example hybrid rice, cloning animals, cloning people and cloning sheep.
As we all now, the first cloned sheep Dolly was born in 1996.
In 1996 Dolly the cloned sheep was received with wonder.
Human Cloning Technology appear that has a new kind of ladder on our world.
Actually, I think that is not very good for our life include many reasons.
Nowadays, there is a heated ongoing debate on whether China should charge higher entry fees on many famous sites of historical interest during peak season.
Some people maintain that China should implement this police.
However, some others hold an opposite idea.
No one can deny both of them are reasonable.
Yet the former of them seems to fail to take into account the fact that charging higher entry fees during peak travel season is extremely not wise.
Therefore, to my way of thinking, it is a curse on charging higher entry fees during peak travel season.
Undoubtedly, many remarkable reasons can contribute to my viewpoint.
On one hand, to charge higher entry fees is unfair to the public.
As we all know, people are under serious pressure on working time which easily leads to fatigue, ulcers and other healthy problems.
That means they probably spend time on travelling to have a rest.
However, if the fees are charged higher, it definitely causes their being dissatisfied.
On the other hand, the direct result is to reduce the amount of tourists.
Consequently, the tourist industry will be on the state of bearish market.
The outcome is not what the tourist industry is pursuing or the workers who are on the position involved in tourist industry are expecting.
Further more, the famous Chinese sites of historical interest can not display their significant senses.
It is a common sense that the famous sites of historical interest possess the attribute of education.
Obviously, the sites are the historical records which can remind us of our ancestor and the past of motherland.
Clearly, it's crucial to stand by these people who regard charging higher entry fees on famous site of Chinese historical interest is a curse as reasonable.
From what has been discussed above, we may safely draw conclusion that the curse far outweigh the blessing and it will still play an essential role in modern society.
Unquestionably, the challenge of supporting it's a blessing means we all should to avoid its negative effect instead of the flipside.
As for me, I firmly confirm a much better and brighter future waits us.
Located in the Tanwan Strait,Taiwan is the largest island in China.The area of Taiwan is about 36000 kilometers square.Tt's has a population of 20 billion.
Taiwan is known to all over the world for it's beautiful scenery.It attracts lots of tourists every year.
With rich natural resources,it's bananas,rice,tea and so on taste good and sells well.
Nowadays,it has been allowed people from across the Taiwan Strait to visit each other by planes,sheep or any other transport.
Taiwan has been a part of China since the ancient times on.A number of people live in Taiwan came from Guangdong and Fijian.All of us has a hope that our country will be united one day.
Hello, my name is G, I come from T, Y. I am a lively and cheerful, good at developing their own people.
I prefer to do something meaningful.
For example, look at books, listen to music, etc..
Moreover, I am willing to help others, I think it is good for their better to make friends.
Today, I was a college student.
As a college student, I think it is a great honor to.
Because we have spent a difficult high school for three years, so as to come to the University in accordance with their own wishes.
I am full of too much enthusiasm for the University, in the future college life, I will give full play to their potential, and actively participate in all the activities, so that their college life more perfect, do not leave any regret.
This is me, I hope you can understand me a lot.
At last you will find that I am a very interesting person.
I think the opinion of older man is more important than the celebrities.
In now days, there are many "super star" suddenly emerge in this world, those people who called "super star" has many fans,a lot of teenagers admire them.
and become no sense at all because they love the "super star" too much, sometimes those celebrities give some opinion to teenager, they won't think at all, they just obey their opinion , do whatever they want and don't consider what is right or wrong , that's kind of stupid I think .
For example , if a teenager get sick, and his or her parents want to buy a medicine to he or her, they parents don't know which medicine is the exactly one which can treat him or her .
But since he or she watched a TV advertisement which act by a celebrities .
the advertisement said to get a that medicine , this teenager may insist to use that medicine which the celebrities said in TV advertisement, but it's actually not the best one .
It's bad for his health.and it's risky too.
But the old man is different , the most essential thing is they have experience , with their experience they can solve a lots of things like when this happened , they can find the medicine quickly with their experience .
As we all know,english has been spread all the world.More and more people use english to communicate with exotic persons.For that reason,some people consider that english will use anywhere.however,other people think we should pay attention to our own language.This essay will discuss these two attitudes.
In this society,students from elementary schools study english as a second language.Studying english has been a normal class when I was a child.Teachers encourage students to study english.The told us english is a tool for you to make contact with foreigns.
Nevertheless,other people think we should emphesise our own language's studying.Chinese should be spread to the universe.Now many people don't learn mother language very well.This must be a question.
In my view,we need to learn english well.As the same time,study mother language and try to bring Chinese to others.Let them know how mysterious Chinese is.
I am the master of Yale.
I know all my four hundred and eighty five students very well.
When I live in school I always listen to their hopes and anxieties.
Besides, the voice of their stero music and crazy slogan hubbub comes to my ears now and then.
But who cares.
My boys and girls sometimes ask me how to make themselves a wonderful life.
What I mostly want to tell them is there's a long way ahead and the obstacles is much more than they imagined.
They have plenty of times to try different jobs, change their attitude towards life, and change the ways to get along with other peoples.
But this answer is not they really want.
And what they exactly needed is a map, a map they can use to get steady jobs, steady income, and the higher social status, even though, if possible, they want the map arranges a prepaid grave for them.
I went to climb the Xiangshan Hill in the sumnmer vacation.I am very happy to went there with my good friends.We gathered at the school gate at time.In order to green travel,we took the bus went there.
We had many actives in there.For example ,we climbed the Xiangshan Hill.we observed the plants,we got close to nature and learnt a lof of things on plants.
We cooked lunch by ourself.We played many gamesin the afternoon.We took a camera with us so that took some pictures.We came back at 6pm.
That day,we are so fun.I enjoy traveling with my good friend.
I won't forget never.
From the picture we can see a people on the computer screen saying some bad words,these words like the bomb that frighened the other people away off.With the rapid development of science and technology,the online rumors occurred.
The online rumors have affected both people'smental and physical health seriously.Because the computers are used more widely and an increasing number of people surfing on the internet.If someone writing some bad words on the internet without your knowledge,once the online rumors spread and it can spread quickly.The online rumors have so many bad effects and they influenced our life,it prevent the development of society.So we should take some precautions to make the online rumors go away.
On the one hand,we should't critic other's actions on the internet.We should do a integrity,honest and kind people.On the others hand,governments should strength the law and mangement on the internet,especially the onlile comment,if someone still make online rumors who should be fine.
As far as I'm concerned,only in these ways can we have a better society.
According to the discussion, it is easy to find that there are two point of view.
Some people hold the idea that getting married in campus can improve youth's responsibility and force them to work hard, which is good for their growth.
While others think it dangerous.
They believe that love is relied on material.
Someone who have not a steady job can't support his family.
Meanwhile, to bring up a baby is also a problem for a student in campus.
In my opinion, it's not suitable for college student to get married in campus.
As we all know, getting charged in school is the duty for student.
Getting married in campus won't benefit them.
After my investigation, About 40% persons agree with this.
However, those persons think that the animals who can not only be appreciated but also be taken good care of the staff.
On the other side, About 60% persons against to this.
It is because they think that animals enjoy their life in the natural wild but not the boring zoos.
And animals are closed in the cage and can not be active free.
Today, animals are endangered.
In my opinion, it is wrong for us to buy products made from endangered animals.
Most importantly, is to protect the homes of endangered animals.
Now,many students not pay translate attention to translate in their study english.They only pay translate attention to write homework or exam.
There are three reason for it.First,children think spelling haven't meaning,just to select "A""B""C"""D" to their exam and have a good mark is ok.Second,the teacher always let students to read.Then less their ability to spelling.Third,students haven't willpower to read words spell.They too forgettery to have not interest.
To change this fact.In my opinion.On hand,students have to be given to spelling,it is important.Students should know given to spelling and speaking is importent than others.Let them have a right think.Generally,students should be given spelling.The other hand,teacher should take some homework aboout spelling to students and add spelling frartion in exam,such as:make a watch,have some games or have a meeting to discuss"due attention should be given to spelling".And then,the students can be given to spelling.
I'm a college student.I like English,but it's hard for me.Now I have a good plan to learn English.
I have a pronunciation problem.
I can't pronounce so well.So I plan to listen to the tape and read after it.I can't read English passages quickly and can't write a passage clearly.Now I plan to read more and practice writing often.As for listening,sometimes I can't understand what others are saying.So I plan to improve myself by listening to the radio and TV.Grammar is the most difficult for me.
I have no idea of it,but I think my English teacher can help me with it.
With this English-learning plan,I am hoping for great progress.
My life will be colorful and relaxce .I am going to be a nurse,because I hope first care for my family and help many people.l graduate from the university,l can work on a hospital.l have best wish work on baby hospital.l will be get along with myMy life in the future workmates.l will be find a nice boyfriend,and we'll travel a lot and do many sports.we have a little baby.My family is very comfortable.l will also read many books to relax me.And get around with my best friend.
I must hardwork to my study and l hope my dream come ture.
whole students' attention.
Some students consider that we should do it, but the others have a different idea.
Undoubtedly, the different phenomena appeared.
In the morning, we can see a part of students who always sit in the classroom where they do some reading loudly.
They insist that morning reading plays an important role in their school life.
So they do it on time every day.
The remainder of the students who believe that it has not enough help for themselves, and they are used to sleeping at the dormitory in the morning.
In my perspective, the significance of the morning reading cannot be neglected.
On the one hand, it is an essential part for the administration of our college.
On the other hand, it also has a profound impact on our learning.
First of all, it is a regulation which our college made.
Only every student to obey it can our college administrate us conveniently and efficiently.
Secondly, we can form a good habit by reading in the morning every day.
As we all know, "an hour in the morning is worth two in the evening".
We can use much more time to do something that we want.
Besides, we are able to read beautiful essays and acquire knowledge from them.
We can remember difficult vocabularies and enrich our lexical resources.
I think everyone will make progress by this way.
All in all, we should choose a suitable way to study, and the morning reading is beneficial to us.
Let's join the morning reading together.
From 1970 to 2012, the data was roughly going up.
But the time between 1976 to 1979 and 2006 to 2012, it grew up rapidly.
According to the history, we can know when the U.S. dollar gold price fell, the dollar gold prices will go down.
The dollar price of gold rose, the dollar price of gold fell gold market performance in the face of fluctuations in the typical value of the dollar.
The reason is very simple, it is because the global spot gold and gold futures are priced in dollars, so a weaker dollar makes gold investors in the face of non-US countries become cheaper.
When it comes to college, I want to use wonderful and meaningful to describe it.
All life in school is fresh:new teachers, new classrooms and new classmates around me.
There is no denying that study is the most important thing in college.
Compeleteiy different lessons enrich my konwledge.
Beside, more and more activities for us to take part in.
It's a good way to show our skills and exercise us.
In short, we should value our life in the college.
Through the four years, we prepare ourselves for the real world, we become mature.
The four years are a worthwhile period in our whole lifetime.
College life is a long time but a short process as well as.
We should spend our time on doing valuable things.
I hope I will have no regret when I look back on the short youth so my college life in the future.
My name is G,I come from T and 21 years olds.I'm graduate in F college,and major in English.Now,I want to find a suitable work.As me,I'm an outgoing,sun,positive,serious and responsible work,bear hardships and stand hard work,and have a sympathy.I prefer to help other people,because it made me happy.I am good at communication with people and like a lot of out door activity.People always say I am an easy-going person.I hold organization ability and leader ability,society is a big family,maybe you can.I hope employer offer me with platforms to exercise.I will enhance bold and brave in during,and continue to improve myself.thank you.
I'm applying for the leave from Nov fifth to Nov eleventh.I want to go to the hospital to see my mum because she got sick.
In order to prove it,here is the e-mail which was sent by my bro.Once I come back to work,I will catch up on all things that I had missed.I wish you can approve my application.
Along with the National Day is near, all the tickets are sold in an eyeblink.
For it's the first sevev-day holiday, almost everyone has a plan.
Some would like to return home to stay with their families.
Some would like to stay with their lovers.In a word, the National Day is a good news to them.
However, it's not a good news for me, because there is so much homework waiting for me to finish.
In this aspect I think most students will agree with me.
Now I really hope that my teachers won't assign homework on the upcoming National Day after reading my reasons.
Firstly, the homework is too much for me and I can't enjoy the holiday.
The National Day aims at celebrating the Establishment of the People's Republic and showing every aspect of our country.
At the same time we can slow down the pace of our life.
But our teachers treat it as a good chance to improve our study and they all believe that we will become dull if we never do homework, because we will forget what we have learned before.
So in order to keep our mind active, they choose to assign homework.
Just think of it: if the homework that every teacher assign is a paper, there are at least seven papers.
That means we have to finish one a day or more than that.
But actually almost every student won't do their homework first.
Secondly, not only can I not finish the homework, but also I don't like to do it on holiday which results in the consequence that we won't finish our homework carefully.
When we can't finish our homework, we may copy others' homework or just write the wrong answers.
And I can still remember that we copy each other's homework around the table.
And also I have write the wrong answers in the paper.
So I don't want to write my composition at will.
Thirdly, composition is much more difficult for me to finish, because when writing a composition, I can't be disturbed by others, especially when I am thinking.
But it's impossible on holiday.
On holiday I need to prepare delicacy with my family and entertain guests.
Besides it takes me thirteen hours to go home by train.
That means I have to spend two days in taking a train.Then I will spend one day in staying with my friends and celebrating my sister's birthday.
Namely I have only three days staying with my family.
In such a short time I don't think I can do well in my composition without dictionary.
It's the first time that I told my own thought.
I don't know whether my teachers are moved by me or not.
And I don't have an idea whether my teachers decide not to assign homework, either.
But I still keep one thing in my mind that I will try my best to write my composition.
I'm a 12-year-old high school student.
I have some good habits.
I read books every day and I hardly ever stay up late and I exercise every day and I for the most part has vegetables,fruit.
However,I have a lot of bad habits,too I for the mort part watch TV for more than two hours a day and I sometimes eat hamburgers,drink coffee and cola.
we have accepted your counter counter-offer of Dec. 1 and we are grateful with your quickly rely.
In addition, we promise that if we establish the relative L/C, we will inform at soon.
Meanwhile, as our buyers are in urgent need of the goods, we hope the commodity can be shipped on time.
We are glad to have concluded this deal with you.
We hope it will be mark the good beginning of our business relationship between us.
Nowadays, all persons are surfing the net.
The man works on the web.
The woman is shopping online.
The children who cheated you that he is studying are playing computer games on the web.
Along with the Internet daily popularization, it becoming more and more popular.
Researchers who've been studying the family from the days before the web had already described how family life was weakening because of the high development of the Internet.
First of all, surfing the net will decrease the face-to-face communication.
As a consequence, it will hinder the family emotional communication.
Communication plays a significant role in our daily life, especially between the families.
In addition, there are some bad things which the children should not know.
The children used to hang out on the web and they will learn them.
And I believe that better untaught than ill taught.
As is known to us, the cast savors of the first fill.
Last but not least, the Internet is easy to be addicted.
There are many teenagers who addicted to the Internet.
Web technology itself has undermined the foundations of the institution of the family.
As far as I am concerned, we should arrange time about Internet time's reasonable arrangement.
When the children are online, the family should company with them.
With the high development of the internet, it is the time that we should surf the internet with a reasonable schedule.
The Mid-Autumn Festival falls on the 15th of the eighth month of Our Chinese lunar calendar.It is one of the most traditional festivals in China.
Family members gather together in that day.Chinese eats moon cakes while enjoy the scene of the full moon.
We will also travel and visit friends when the Mid-Autumn Festival is coming.Therefore,the festival give us a chance to contact each other.It is noy let our relation become more and more close ,but also is our Chinese history typical.
as usual.Suddenly,I found a note on the kitchen table.I was so strange and pick it up to read.At the first sight,I could make sure it must be written by my brother through the handwriting.
After reading it,I felt angry .Not only he ate all the plums but also he had kn-owed these were I saved for breakfast.On the other hand,I was relieved that my brother was honest.At least,he left a note to tell me the truth and begged for forgiveness.At this moment,my work was preparing other food for breakfast quickly because my parents would get up soon.I cooked some eggs and heated milk.After that,I go to the supermarket to buy some plums and this time I brough more than ever before.
From this case,I found that I didn't care enough about my family.From then on,I determinded to correct my behavior and chatted to them as far as possible if I have time to understand their hobby and need.
We all know that most of the Chinese students of high school are teaching for examination, when they are college students, most of them are lack of the ability to practice and manipulate.
As college students who are going to enter the society, it is helpful to take part in some social practice and realize more about the society.
It is good for them to adapt to it more smoothly.
First of all, college students can improve them abilities, open them views as well as make many friends.
Next, social practicing can help college students know clearly about what they want to do and who they want to be.
What's more, putting theory knowledges into social practice can help college students understand what they learned from books better.
Last and the most important, college students can know more about themselves, find themselves shortages and improve themselves through the social practice.
In my opinion, college students should take part in social practice, on the one hand, theory should be based on practice, on the other hand, social practice can help college students think things more correct and objective.
During the last summer holiday, I went to the Amusement Park of Beijing.
My elder brother told me that it was an interesting place.
We started out by car at 6:00.
I saw a lot of people including a foreigner who has blue eyes .
First I went to play roller coaster that was very exciting.
Then I went to play corsair that was very unforgettable.
Finally I also played any other games, which I had never played.
And I enjoyed many beautiful sights.
I was so happy that I think this is one of my Unforgettable Trip *(7)* When I was a primary school student, my family and I took a trip to five cities which were in the south of China.
First, we came to Nanjing by plane.
That was the first time I had taken the plane and it took us an hour and a half to get there.
We arrived in Nanjing in the morning.
At 11:30 we went to a restaurant to have lunch.
The food tasted delicious.
In the afternoon we went to "Zhongshanling".
It was the place that preserve the tomb of Mr. Sugshan.
The next day, we came to Wuxi and then Suzhou where we visited the region of rivers and lakes of "*".
It was a beautiful and old place.
The house there were along the river and the women always washed clothes at the bank.
The fourth day, we came to Hangzhou where We visited "The West Lake.
It was very beautiful and the water was clear .
As we all know, Hangzhou is famous for silk and tea, so we bought some beautiful silk and famous tea of "*".
The last place that we visited was Shanghai.
It was one of the biggest city is China.
The night view in Shanghai was more beautiful than Beijing.
We visited the TV tower of "*".
It was the third tallest tower in the world.
Standing in the tower you could see the whole city.
In the evening, we lived in a hotel with 25 floors.
I was very excited that evening.
This trip took us seven days and we went back to Beijing by plane.
The plane was very very big.
There were three engine rooms.
I felt happy and I would never forget the trip.
We got there by air.
Dalian is a very beautiful and modern city.
On the bus, we could see all kinds of buildings which were great.
In the morning, we got to the hotel where we lived.
After breakfast, we began to our travel.
First we took the bus to the Sea Park.
There are so many different kinds of fishes that I couldn't believe my eyes.
We also saw the show of dolphins.
Then we had lunch in a restaurant.
The seafood which was very famous in China was delicious.
After lunch we went swimming.
The sea was blue and beach was golden.
We all enjoyed ourselves in the sea.
Finally we went back the hotel where we lived.
We had a happy day.
In this trip, we also went to some places which were interesting and famous in Dalian, went shopping and so on.
Several days later, we left Dalian.
On our way home, we were very happy.
This was the reason why we didn't feel tired.
In all, we had a good holiday.
An Unforgettable Experience Dalian is a very beautiful and modern city.
On the bus, we could see all kinds of buildings which were great.
In the morning, we got to the hotel where we lived.
After breakfast, we began to our .
First we took the bus to the Sea Park.
There are so many different kinds of fishes that I couldn't believe my eyes.
We also saw the show of dolphins.
Then we had lunch in a restaurant.
The seafood which was very famous in China was delicious.
After lunch we went swimming.
The sea was blue and beach was golden.
We all enjoyed ourselves in the sea.
Finally we went back the hotel where we lived.
We had a happy day.
In this trip, we also went to some places which were interesting and famous in Dalian, went shopping and so on.
Several days later, we left Dalian.
On our way home, we were very happy.
This was the reason why we didn't feel tired.
In all, we had a good holiday.
An Unforgettable Experience.
Good morning,I'm very glad to stand here and share my dream with you.
Every one has his own dream.When I was a little kid .I had a dream that my family have a large store,now,I think this is really childlish.
Later, I grew up.
and also sensible.whenever I saw the children who should be sitting in the bright and spacious classroom reading and the old people who should be enjoying their twilight years.but they even can not solve the problem of food and clothing, I felt very sad .So my dream was to become a successful person, even a Universal man.so I could help any poor people that I want help.
But now,standing here,my dream have already change a lot.I dream of doing something bigger and splashyer ,something more significant .Now our motherland territory Diaoyu Islands is facing a crisis,the country's territory is in danger.Now I will try my best to learn my professional weapon systems and Engineering.and develope newer type weapon.Last I have a recent ideal.I have to study hard, after three years I can work in the Institute of 204.
I will take every effort to accomplish my dream .
Maybe some years later , it will become true .
That's all.thank you very much.
The Chinese traditional culture broad and profound that has a long history.
So, in china where every family has its own traditional family,and my family is no exception.
In my family have some family traditions.
My parents always educate me what we should become a diligent and thrifty man.Whether it is in daily life, or learning and working,hard-working simple should be the primary,because the hard, diligent to succeed.
On the other hand, this kind of traditional industrious simple will affect a person's life.
Then,honest and trustworthy in my family is very important too.
For example, if I to my parents tell a lie will be subjected to serious criticism.
Because honesty and trustworthiness is a personal business card, teenagers form the integrity of character, in the future study and work are more likely to be successful, in order to win the honor and respect.
Good family style plays a key role in the growth process of people,is the people's lifetime.
Teenagers in the good family style under the influence, after accepting the influence of good family that makes life best.
I want to express my feeling of gretitude by this letter.
Thanks for taking care of my health when I was prepare to college entrance examination.
Your concerns make me full of courage.
Recently, I study hard and make good progress,and I have played my best level in the exam.
So, don't worry about me, and I have deep confidence that I will get good marks.
Besides, I'd like to help you to do some housework after the last exam.
Also, I hope you to taste the dishes making by myself.
Finally, thank you for your dedication and love.
I have ever though that attending college is a thrill, which will make my life more interesting and enjoyable.
However,now I discover I am wrong.
The life of college is more competitive.I find everyone around me is talented.
I have failed in societies' tests,which humbled myself.But soon I have realised what I should do isn't be sad but be more encouraged.
Comparing high school life,college life should be more dependent.One day of two weeks, to my surprise, I found that I can't do washing well without my mother.Besides I have difficulty in cleaning the room and taking care of myself.
I think that college is a platform where you can show yourself and improve your abilities.
I believe that I will be better if I try my best.
With the development of modern science, technology and economy, our living standard has reached an ever-higher level and an increasing number of family have the ability to raise one or two more children.
They want to abolish the family planning policy, because the policy retrains their rights to raise babies.
As the only child of my family, I have more opportunity to have my parents' love.
If I have sisters or brothers, I must have to share my toys and clothes with them.
Because of this policy existing, I own the entire love from my parents.
All the children can go to school when we have less people.
It is also good for people who are looking for jobs.
There will be more job opportunities for unemployed people.
In addition, it is estimated that Chinese population will rise to 1.45 billion by 2020.
Per capita land area is insufficient, so it's impossible to feed a large number people with such a barren land.
If we abolish the family planning policy, it will give the farmer a great challenge.
More importantly, with the growing rise in population, many cities have confronted problems of their own.
One problem is the ever-increasing pressure on urban facilities, including transport, housing, and waste supplies.
Another problem is the physical environment.
According to a recent survey, rubbish of the urban city is increasing fast, growing at a rate of 8-10%.
It is horrible to imagine the future environment of the urban city.
In a word, I think it's essential in China to continue the family planning policy.
And the most important advantage is that family planning policy do make Chinese live in a happy life and we appreciate it.
With the development of the public's living standard, more and more people are seeking the satisfaction of the spirit level.
Thus people cost a lot in the tourism industry and the higher ticket prices has been drawn the public's attention.
When it causes the argument, I am not supporting the behavior, and my reasons which can be divided into three parts are followed.
The first reason comes up to my mind is that the natural resources are belonging to the public.
Not only the natural landscape resources, but also the places of historic figures and cultural heritage are the heritage shared by human beings.
For example, the Imperial Palace and the Great Wall have owned the significance of education to the all nation.
So theses tourist attractions have proved the invisible service which belongs to us.
Another important reason is that the appropriate ways to obtain benefits are understandable because of the cost of extending, preserving and managing are included.
However, that is not the reason to charge higher fees during the peak travel seasons for we customers are not clearly know about the capital flows or the formation of the price.
If someone abuses the authority to do something illegal secretly, it will infringe upon the rights and interests of consumers.
Last but not the least reason is that it is not a useful measure to control the rate of visitors' flow during the peak seasons by raising the prices.
We can use The Louvre for reference, it controls the rate of visitors' flow by limited the number of tickets.
When more people come to the same place, it will decrease the quality of service and tour.
On the contrary, it will never produce a healthy environment to develop further the local tourism industry.
According to the reasons provided above, we can see the haphazard choose to charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons will harm the interests of consumers radically.
It is not fair and reasonable for us.
We can not take the supply and demand of market economy as the legal excuse to raise price.
Therefore, the best way to solve out the problem is to cooperate with the relative government to formulate specific provision according to the differences between each scenic spots, and then they can make the highest price adapted to each place.
What's more, before raising prices, the government should hold the hearing to get more suggestions from our citizens to promote the development of tourism industry.
Nowadays, the environment problem is becoming more and more seriously now.
In some place we can not see fish swimming in the river or trees on the hills.Birds are less than before, so is fresh water in the world.One of the most serious problems is the serious pollution of air and oil.The polluted air does great harm to people's health.The polluted water causes diseases and death.So I think,we must do something to protect the environment.For example,we can go to school on or by bike instead of taking a car.And also we can use our own bowls and chopsticks instead of disposable ones.
