The half of the college life has gone, and I feel that I have changed in these two years.
And I really want to know what happened to me.
I have never thought of them seriously, so today I will do it.
Let me count them as follows.
At first, it is the everyday's life.
When I was in high school, I never stayed up to late, but in college, I am always not going to bed until zero o'clock or even more; I used to get up early in the morning, and now I am always get up half an hour ahead of the beginning of the class, and sometimes I have no time for breakfast, although I was conscious of that this is not a good habit.
Except for these, I have spent too much time on the computer.
Maybe I didn't realize the pressure behind me, which will crush me down if I go on indulging myself like this.
Then, it is the attitude to study.
It seems that I don't care about my score as long as it passed and that I lost my sense of shame.
Sometimes, I want to call back myself who used to be hard-working, but he didn't mean to pay attention to the lazy guy.
It's time to reshape myself again.
The last thing I'm awared of is that my dream is shrinking.
I awake to that something is restricting me, and I have no power to change it in a short time.
In other words, I have recognize myself more clearly, and seen the limit of mine.
So I begin to seek a more realistic goal.
Two years have left, I will do something in the limit time to make up what I lost in the past two years as much as possible.
My school life is interesting.I get up at 5 o'clock.When I have brushed my tooth and washed my face at half past five.I finished breakfast at 6 o'clock.
I get school at 7 o'clock.
I strat my school life at the first class strat.Our teachers are interested and amusing so I don't feel bored everyday.I am a Senior high school students,I am so busy everyday.I have eight subjects.Every subject is diffcult.And I don't like maths,it's very diffcult that I can't understand knowedge.
I finish school at half past five.I have much homework to finish.I usually do my homework when I finish the dinner.I awalys go to bed at eleven o'clock.
Nowadays with the development of science and technology.Cars become increasingly popular.The cars are so convenient that they improve our efficiency.
We can go to the place far away from home to have a travel.
Besides we can go on business more fast.But cars are also have many shortcoming.
The waste-gas from cars not only pollutes the air but also speedster up the climate change.
Too many cars cause more and more crowded.
The crowded traffic has a bad influence on our trip.
As far as Im concerned,the invention of cars is good for the progress of human.
They plays an important part in our daily life.I do hope that people can take advantage of cars.
It is a long time no see and I miss you very much.
I am very well now.
I want to tell you about the Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival for the Chinese people and is when all family members get together, just like Christmas in the West.The first day of the Chinese New Year, we all got up early.
to each other and get money from them.
We visited our relatives all day.
That made me feel very tired but very happy because I also can get money.
We also watch parade and firework in the evening.
Or we may eat a feast dinner together with all the family members.
Anyway, everyone has a lot of fun and cheerful.
I faithfully invite you to come and see me if you are available,I promise that it will be your unforgettable travel.
And you will have a special Spring Festival.
We are pleased to inform you that our S/LNo.J-29 cargo has been shiped on S.S."Pearl" for transshipment at HongKong onto S.S."MayFlower".All the prices are CIFningbo.
We have already send Fax to you on 15 March,2013 so that you can insure promptly.
I'm sorry to tell you that I have to borrow your electronic dictionary again because of my amnesia.
But don't be worried,I only use it to look up something important and I will give it back to you soon just after class.I hope you could understand.
Thanks a lot.
With the development of the society , English learning has become more and more important.
This question has been asked and answered again and again .
as far as i am concerned ,there are three effective ways for us to follow.
First of all , we must enlarge our vocabulary .
we should try to enlarge our vocabulary by doing lots of practice in listening ,reading ,speaking and writing.
Secondly, we must emerge ourselves into English environment .
For instance , we can try to listen to English programs and so on Thirdly, we must form the habit of studying every day.
all in all ,rome can not be build in one day.
we must study little by litty ,step by step .
I will study harder in order to learn english good.
There is no denying that with the development of economy,all the countries in the world want to be more and more efficient.So,a problem arises.Pepole have to work hard during the day and they even don't have time to relax.There is too much stress to bear.Meanwhile,many people don't understand how to solve this problem and they suicide.How to reduce the stress?People take different views on this topic.As for me,I find the best way to reduce stress is to tell your stress to your friends and parents.
First of all,one person's power is weak.You could feel better when you share your stress with your friends or parents.They will help you to get out of trouble and find a suitable way which could help you forget your stress contemporarily.Secondly, spectators often see more clear.As the listeners,they could give you the objective advice and correct your wrong ideas.
Finally, spending your time with them is a kind of relaxing.It may let you forget your burden and you will feel that you are not alone and no matter how big problem you faced with,you could handle it because of their company and support.
It does us a lot of good that knowing what is your best way of reducing stress.When the stress make you out of breath,the only way is to solve it rather than escape.It is time we faced with it and overcome it.
With the development of science and technology .Computers have played an Increasing Important role in our daily life.Computers make our life more convenient.We can not only finish our essays online,but also buy same daily commodities and play game online.
However It's estimated that people spent more than three hours on surfing the Internet.
Now more and more people became weak and shortsighted.It's because they surf the internet day and night but without rest .In addition,The reason why student rely on too much computers is that they find many reference materials online.so students became less independent in thinking of themselves now.
All in all,we can't live without computer,but we should try to go out to do same exercise with our friends.what's more It's time for us to finish our assignments independently instead of finding the reference answer online.
My school have four floor and my school is very big and beautiful,each floor has many teachers,students and the classrooms.
There is a library on the first floor and there is our playground on the first floor,we can play basketball,play football and can also run.
The principal's office is on the second floor,so we dare not to play on the second floor.
There are many photographs of the teacher ,and a science classroom on the third floor.
There is our classroom are on the fourth floor,and a music room on the fourth floor too.
After the physical examination and photo taking, today is my first day to go to the driving school.
Like most of girls, I did not like driving.
Actually I always get butterflies when I sit in the copilot position.
I stood beside the car to wait my coach.
I was curious whether he was a kind man or not.
"Now get in the car," the coach walked towards me, interrupting my thoughts.
Then he sat in the copilot position.
I felt confused and told him that I did not know anything about the car and this was my first time to drive.
Without any facial expressions, he turned a deaf ear to me.
At that time I had no idea but sat in the car, paying all my attention and making my utmost effort to remember every word he told to me.
My coach was a tall, thin man, tired-eyed and serious.
As a serious man, he did not say many words.
"Clutch, handbrake,the gas pedal, gear," I repeated it by my heart.
I followed what he said awkwardly.
The car moved.
I could not believe it.
I could not wait to tell all of my friends.I was too excited but i should keep calm right now.
No one knows what I was thinking about.
"Keep the clutch down, press the gas pedal, move back the gear," the car stopped.
my coach spoke to me with a soft accent.
It was the first sentence that my coach speaks to me except what he must teach me.
Not until then I realized I had been sitting there rigid like twig since getting in the car.
I took a deep breath with all my nervousness and anxiety flying away.
Move, stop, move, and stop.
I had driven in this way for about five minutes until I found it is easy for me.
"Ok,stop, the next girl" then I came out of the car.
I think from then on I could say that I love driving.
Many things we thought it is hard to do but actually we can do it easily.
Just like driving.I have known that I could drive only if I have a try.If you try it bravely then you would find amazing result.
We are pleased to inform you that our goods of Sales Confirmation No.J-29 are shipped by S.S."Pearl",and we will be transported by S.S."May flower" in Hong Kong.The sale is agreed according to cost and freight.
In order to convenienced you to insure in time,we had sent you a fax in March 15 ,2013.
We look forward to having a good cooperation in the future.
Nowadays, there is the phenomenon of excessive packaging has becoming increasingly serious.
lots of packages have already deviated from their original function.
Excessive packaging is a serious waste phenomenon, which deserves our special attention and penetrating research.
There are many reasons accounting for excessive packaging.
Firstly, the promotion effects of excessive packaging have been greatly exaggerated by interest-driven merchants.
Furthermore, it is irrational consumption that led to the phenomenon of excessive packaging.
The last but not the least, as everyone sees it that distempered of the related laws and regulations and inadequate enforcement of the law together contributed to this phenomenon.
As far as I am concerned, excessive packaging not only creates waste for resources, but also causes unnecessary environment pollution, so we should try our best to eliminate this phenomenon completely.
This is an apple in the cup.
This is a banana on the car.This is a peach under the tree.
This is a mango on the case.This is an orange under the sofa.This is my sister in the picture.This is my uncle in the car.
These are pictures on the wall.
These are flowers in the picture.
These are apples on the table.
These are many books in my bookcase.These are two beds in my room.These are four cups on the table.These are three hats on the sofa.
That is a cat in my room.
That is a dog on the tree.
That is a duck.
That is a pig.That is a bike in my room.That is your father.
That is your aunt.
Thoes are flowers.
Thoes are candy.
Thoes are oranges.
Thoes are many desks in the classroom.
Thoes are shirts on the table.Thoes are two bikes in the car.
Thoes are many grapes under the chari.
As we all know, many people have been taking advantage of animals.
Animals are forced to do performance to amuse us human being.
What' s worse,they are served on the table and even on the experiment lab.
Some are strongly against to this kind of behavior, which is the same to me.
From my perspective, it's a norm that all species in the world have equal rights to exist and thus human being have no rights to disrupt others' life.
Hello,I'm L. I accepted a happy time with you last summer.
The most important,I learned a lot from you.
Now I become more polite and brave.
I can solve the problem by myself.
My mom said the summer camp gave her a new daughter.
The new summer vacation is coming soon,the middle school of Nan kai University will hold a camp.
I will introduce the beautiful city to you which I live in.
I can take you to taste the most tradition food and h. You can have a try to use chopsticks instead of knives.
Living in a Chinese family will give you a different experience.
If you want to join us,please write to me soon.
In modern society,social net work is popular with the young generations.In fact ,in the virtual net world,people are eager to put their thoughts,dynamic,interests in the Internet,not worrying about the influneces among the persons you are familier with,for who doesn't know each other.After the deeper learning about,we can set our personal information aside to others,so we can save some extra energy to do something we like,we have much more freedom.
But people who lie on different social statuas and positions hold kinds of views.
Some people like to communicate with others,they have strong desire to share their own lives,including friends' ,too.They would like to get thier lives colorful and full of fun and challenge,and don't like to be addicted to in mutable and frozen lives.Others are not,they have to work for themselves,having little time for strangers' contaction,it's spends too much time and disturb we study an rest,even not kown whether it is real.Maybe,when someone isn't pleased to reality,he or she regards it as his or her spiritual home,rather than solve the problem in their realistic lives,it's bad for them.
But in my mind,we human beings,as a special creature ,hasn't gone evolution to the greatest class,we can't throw our good features as a creature,humans have huge potention power to discover better lives,network is only the tools to meet people,so I believe we may have more methords to communicate with others.
My favourite food is mushrooms.I like them because I think they are very delicious and nutritious.There are many kinds of mushrooms in the world.Some are like small houses with big round heads and thick bodies.And some have the shapes of umbrellas.Mushrooms usually grow among trees in forests.My mother can cook mushrooms in many different ways.Mushrooms are very good for people's health.I like mushrooms very much.They are healthy.
Nowadays the city become more and more crowding.This is not a populations matter any more,but more and more buildings have been built for entertaining and for others.Such as a new airport required to build,so it must occupy a large piece of land.Because of many similar purposes,this phenomenon has aroused popular attention.
With the development of economy,many cities have to develop their city.Owing to the city requiements,the high buildings are built frequently.For different purposes,the land become less and less for people to live.Because of a series of problems,the overcrowding leads to the housing price continuously go up.So more and more people nowhere to live,does it a serious problem?
I think the government should take a valid measure to forbid the situation becoming more worse.And as a servant of people should consider more for people.Then to the development of city,do not just for the economical development,which must take more consideration into people's lives.
It is very difficult for everyone to remember new English words.
I have some advice about now to remember new English words.
First of all,listen to your teacher carefully in class so that you can learn how to pronounce the new words.
Second,you should read the new words as often as you can after class.
Third,you should try to make sentences as many as possible every day.
Last but not least, you should read the new English words before you go to bed every night.
If you can practise as the advice above, you will find that it is very easy for you to remember new English words.
In 2013, President Xi JinPing has proposed to build "along the way" strategy, Chinese with countries along a series of pragmatic and early fruit.
Then, the national development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of foreign affairs and the Ministry of commerce jointly issued "to promote the economic zone to build the Silk Road and the twenty-first Century Maritime Silk Road vision and action" announcement "along the way" has entered a stage of all-round.
CCTV news network since then launched a series of reports "along the way" to build a prosperous, take you into the along the way along the country, experience new trends along the way construction, understand the China along with countries in all aspects of policy, infrastructure, trade, financial and other efforts to seek and realize interoperability do.
The observer knows, in the CCTV released "along the way" layout, first joined the twenty-first Century "maritime Silk Road" from the South China Sea to the South - South Pacific route.
According to the surging news reports, giving the central position was the twenty-first Century Maritime Silk Road core area of Fujian, implementing scheme of the docking "along the way" has been basically formed.
Fujian province put forward to support the construction of Quanzhou City, the "sea" pilot area, to support the establishment of Fuzhou city Fuzhou District, accelerate the construction of Pingtan comprehensive experimentation area and open cooperation key functional areas.
We are now living in the age of information .Various electronic products like e-books are filled with our daily lives and they play an important role in our lives gradually .They have a trend of popularity.
Many students now use them widely and they have possibilities to replace paper books.
However ,we should treat them in a wise way .Because they bring us many benefits and at the same time they have drawbacks unavoidably as well .
For one thing ,they have their own advantages .First ,we can get the important information we need from e-books at anywhere and anytime .Second ,many contents can accept by many users at one time .Third ,they are very convenient for us to study and they have no damages to our eyes .Fourth, e-books are very portable and have massive storage .
For another thing ,they have many disadvantages .They are sometimes very expensive and people can not afford them .What's more, many people always rely on e-books and don not want to think by themselves, which makes them lazy.
There are many games in them and many students spend much time playing games instead of studying, which makes parents worry about their children .E-books have much radiation , which causes damage to our skin.
Last but not least, we can not mark on e-books , so we can not find the keys clearly.
Personally I think , there are more advantages than disadvantages, we should keep pace with the world ,e-books are widely spread ,we need to adapt to them and make full use of them.
They are the symbol of the new time.
Use them in a correct way , and we will success.
With the improving of education,the learning methods also become various,especially the group cooperative.Some people think it is good for us to learning,but others take the opposite point of view.So whether it's good or poor?
As far as I'm concerned,group cooperative learning is good for us.First,when the students encounter the problems they can discuss with their group numbers for the first time .Second the competition between the groups makes the students have more motivation to study.Finally,studying in a group makes the students' friendships grown faster.
All above is my point of view.Maybe you think it is wrong .But sometimes we should consider the questions from others starting point.
I am L who is the president of Students' Union.We will organize the outsde activity for students.We expect that you can join us.
We 'll get together at the school gate at 7:00.Then we'll start at 8:00.The activity will be end at 11:00.The place is Guang Ming Farm which is two kilometers away.
We hope that the students can get close to nature and take exsercise outside,so we prepra the activity.During the activity,we wil plant vegetables,water flowers and observe the nature.
Can you come to join us?If you come,we all will be excited.
I am hear that my best friends liHua will visit my town .As a hoster,i will give him a deep impression.
My town located to the Greater river,so we can see some sight of the Grewt river and have a boat with him.Because of peaceful sight let us relaxed and forget some unhappy things.Than we will have a lunch in my home .He can taste delicious local food.After lunch we will climb mountains.Last i will take him to visit the most famous place in my town--BaWang temple.Where XiangYu died.During te tirp i wish him can know china is a beatiful place to live in and learn some poitive things.
I believe he will fall in love with my town.
College is a time of growth and expansion.It's our first step to enter the work world and in this period of time we should finish our transition to be an adult.There are three aspects what need to be improved and perfected in our college years.Firstly,in study,we should not only learn our professional courses well but read extensively and focus on current events.Secondly,in social practice,taking apart in a number of social activities and interviews can enrich our experiences.Thirdly,in way of dealing with people--parents,schools or leaders.We'll get independence and mature in the process of handling things by ourselves and establishing our own circle.The most important thing is how to perceive ourselves and position our roles.The college is a start to project our future.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I think it is good for us to take more after-school activities.
There are many different club,such as sports club,English club,art club.I will give you some advice about how to choose the right club.
If you want to have a healthy body,you can join sports club.You will learn how to correctly exercise and enjoy yourself there.In my school,the most popular club is English club.That is because you can watch films in English and improve your English at the same time.
In my opinion,you should join the club which you interested in.In a word,I hope everyone can actively join in After-school activities and make our life wonderfully.
Some of us think that it is better to see the film that to read the original work.The reason is that it watch a movie can save time.If you read a book,you may need several days to read through it.But if you watch a movie,you just need less than 2 hours to know what have happened.And watch a movie can be more interesting.We can enjoy the fun of wonderful scene and sound effect.Beside,we can easy to understand the story of film.But The details of the book are more and the language more beautiful.
I think watching a movie would be the fast way to know what have happened.We are impressed deeply by seeing a film.You may forget what have happened after a short time by reading.However,you can remember deeply by reed the original work because scense and dialogue are so easier to keep in meed.So I recommend watching movies.
Everyone intends to get a big sum of money unexpectedly.
Everyone intends to become a rich man in a little time.
However, I got a big sum of money unexpectedly a few years ago.
At once, I was so excited and I didn't know what I could say.
I nearly became a simpleton when I knew that I got a big sum of money.
Before that, I didn't consider that I could have a big sum of money.
Later, let me tell you a story about the money.
In a summer vocation, I was so boring and I didn't have anything to do.
So I decided to travel with my friends.
This is the first question before our vocation.
Then beginning our discussion, someone said that we should go to see the sea, in that the sea is extremely beautiful and we can relax us at the seaside.
Somebody said that we should go somewhere including the smell of culture.
In that we could study more there and we could widen our knowledge.
The another said that we should climb the mountain.
The air in the mountain so fresh, and the sky in the mountain is so blue.
Finally, we decided to climb the mountain in the summer vocation.
Then, we should set out.
The first day, we took the bus to the foot of the mountain and we had to have a rest.
We got up before the sun rose the day after we arrived.
After preparing our all things, we had the happy time to climb the mountain.
The third day, the fourth day - we had the happy time together.
One day of the summer vocation when we are in the mountain, we confronted a man who is about 65 years old.
He had some trouble with his body.
Then we decided to aid him and we send him to home.
We got much thing by the summer vocation.
One day, I received a letter including a big sum of money.
Opening and reading the letter, I knew the man is a boss of a big famous company.
He gave me a big sum of money to thanks me in that I helped him.
He said I am a pleasurable man with the sense of responsibility.
Then I should think of what should I do with the money.
First, I should separate the money to three parts.
Then I should utilize them in the useful things.
I would donate the one-third of the money to the charitable setup.
I would give one-third of the money to my parents.
They are really difficult.
The last one-third of the money, I would use it by myself.
I would use this money to set up a company.
Then I would manage it by my heart.
The story is in the end.
However, it is only a story.
I really expect that I get a big sum of money unexpectedly.
Nevertheless I believe that I can earn a big sum of money by myself.
There will be a fashion show in the City Exhibition Center at tomorrow afternoon.It must be excellent.I wonder if you'd like to go with me.Shall we meet at the gate of People's Cinema at 1 o'clock p.m. if it is convenient for you?Looking forward to your answer.
People have sparked a heated discussion about it.
To be, or not to be, it's really a question.
As for these persons who are against, they attribute their disagreements to two aspects.
First of all, students' evaluation of teachers is not objective.
That is, whether the result of evaluation is satisfying or not attaches excessive importance to personal emotion.
More the affection is, better the result is.
To some extent, it is not unfair and professional.
Furthermore, it is abuse comparisons with teachers that contribute to bad teaching performance easily.
As a consequence, it largely drags its feet over the educational development of the whole university.
It is time to stand back and show my own perspective.
Personally, teaching attitude and performance is a top priority when it comes to evaluate teachers.
Therefore, students' evaluation of teachers is available, but not indispensable.
Many people are willing to live beside a river which is clean and clear.But the river next to my house became very dirty and smell bad.Every day there are a lot of rubbish floating on the river.Everybody who walks alone the river must cover their mouth.No one can suffer the smell.
Several years ago,villagers can wash their clothes and rice by using the water in the river.With the development of living standard and the changing of life style,more and more people pour their waste into the river.Some of them were prefer convenient.So as time going on,the river was became black and smell unpleasant.
For preventing this situation growing on,the government has decided to improve the river.They planted trees for avoiding the soil and water losing.Besides,they threw out the rubbish from the river and set more dustbins.What's more,they will open the water reservoir more often so that the water can update more often.
From where I stand,I think the government also can call on people not to throw the rubbish into the river.The community groups can supervise people and advise them to throw their rubbish into the garbage bin.Actually,if every one of us knows it is wrong about throwing the rubbish into the river.The environment where we live will be better.
We all know reading books is benefit of improving our knowledge.Because we can reading other people's experience to know what we should do in many ways.It can make our success as soon as possible.But not all experience that we should learn is good for us.So I think that reading selectively is very necessary.
When I was a child my parents urged me to reading famous books.Due to we can get a lot from these books.On the contrary,we read some loving books that is very badly writing getting less from these.Some books may have some violent potent in it.We read this book that it is waste our life.Reading selectively not only we improve our knowledge but also we can learn how to make our life more various.If you want to enjoy your life you start reading books that is very benefical.
At last I want say that it is time to reading .Don't waste any time .Don't waiting or confusing.
If you you don't know what books is good.I advice that you can read some typical famous books to start.
Then you can recognize what books you should to read.Start now.
I'm the president of Students' Union.In order to get close to nature and let students develop a habit of taking exercise frenquantly,the Students' Union has decided to hold an outdoor activity.And we really wish that you can come.
Lasting for 3 hours,the activity will begin at 8:00,the location of which will be at Guang Ming Farm,2 kilometers away from our school.
And it should be noted that we will get together at the school gate at 7:30 that day.
During the activity,we can plant vegetables and water flowers together.
Please come and join us.See you this Sunday.
Today the crime rate in some cities of our country is rising.Almost in every country thefts,robberies or even murderers exist.Obviously,we always face danger and things like that really do harm to our lives.So there must be something to deal with it.Especially,our goverments should think of a way to solve these problems.
When we are faced with criminals,we should do some things effectively.We shouldn't be too scared to meet such situation like rob.We can turn to somebody for help.Of course,when we find there's a man who is robbed,we should help him,not ignore it.
On one hand,right agsinst can help us frightening robber so that the robber can not do his thing.On the other hand, Helping others is a traditional vertue.
To reduce the crime rate,all the people should first recieve a law education because it is important for us when we are in danger.We will know what we should do or not as well.
It is commonly believed that our dreams are built on our ideas and conceptions of the factual world.
The understanding of ideas and conceptions is the basis for our realization of dreams.
If we want to make our dreams come true, we have to have faith and the idea that someday I can achieve my goal, rather than be overwhelmed by the reality or the cruel facts we have known.
Ideas and concepts can help us persist in tough times, whereas facts can only hamper our progress.
For example, I really had a difficult time in the beginning of my teaching career.
But I persist because I understand and believe that if I continue to be hard-working and persistent, I can attain my aim, it is only a matter of time.
If I let my negative emotions and problems go unchecked, and only focus on my weaknesses, I will never make my dream come true.
Therefore, personally, I believe it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts.
Only when we concentrate on our ideas and conceptions of the world, we can make our dream come true.
I am a college student ,everything is different from the senior ,For instance ,we must learn how to deal with the personal relationship ,In my views ,if you want to do well in personal relationship ,the first thing you have to deal with is the dormitory conflict,if you can cope with this,you also are able to do well in the outsider one,and how to build a harmonious environment on dormitory,let these be your advice.
As we know,a harmonious dormitory life is benifits all the members.There are several ways to creat a harmonious dormitory life.Firstly,keep cleaning the room and washing the clothes every day,get rid of those bad habits,Everybody should own a broad heart to tolerate other member's fault,even at the annoying situation .Secondly,don't doubt anyone before make sure something.Thirdly,keep a good attitude to make friends with others ,and smile to every one even he done bad things for you .
In a word,a good dormitory relationship equals a good personal relationship.So we should try our best to establish a harmonious dormitory life for the sake of good personal rel-ationship and wonderful life.
Hi,my favourite place at school is the Art-room,because it is very big and bright.Theve are also a lot of use ful painting,crayon and sketch....I like Art-room,it is very beautiful!There can be a painting with My classmates.It can help you painting!I love painting.Because It can make me quiet.So it's my favourite place.
Many universities are now beginning to group cooperative learning, some people think that cooperative learning is good; because of the students' initiative and positive reinforcement, can also learn through group cooperation, can make the do not want to think of the students in the group learning atmosphere to ponder, and proposed own opinion.
Some people think that cooperative learning is not good, because the cooperative learning becomes a mere formality, not pragmatic, and students' active cooperation consciousness is not strong, lack of cooperation.
I think the team is good, because it helps to cultivate the students' social adaptability, is conducive to the cultivation of students' autonomy and independence, is beneficial to improve the correct rate of student learning.
Recently, question of whether we really ought to be eating meat or not has attracted people's high attention and has caused a heated debate among the public.
The passage was written by Alan Hersovici and he held a positive attitude about this.
That is to say, Alan Hersorici considers that eating meat is good for our health.
And the following statements are his explanations about his view.
First, he thinks that meat is an excellent source of 12 essential nutrients, including protein, iron, zinc and B vitamins.
And we have no reason to refuse to eat meat.
Second, our digestive equipment allows us to tackle a wide range of foods, just like other omnivores.
The large quantities of the enzymes, vitamin B12, our saliva glands have showed that we were designed to eat meat.
Third, he argues that livestock completes the nutrient cycle by returning organic matter to the soil with manure.
And livestock does not use up grains that could otherwise feed starving people in Third World countries.
On the contrary, meat is healthful for us, because they do not contain harmful pesticide, antibiotic or other residues.
Fourth, meat scores far better than vegetables on this environmental-impact scale and it is not highly processed, provides a lot of calories and is often produced locally.
Fifth, he considers that the domestication of livestock has been a very successful survival strategy, not only for humans, but also for the other species involved.
To some extent, the viewpoint of author is right.
And the explanations he gave seem reasonable.
But as far as I'm concerned, prevalence rates of heart disease and certain cancers strongly associate with animal-protein-based diets, usually reported as total fat consumption.
But we couldn't ignore the importance of meat.
After all, meat contains the nutritions that we need.
So, having a balance on diet seems to become more and more important for us.
While we eat the plant-based cuisines, we could eat some meat properly.
After all, health is the most important.
Nowadays,more and more persons would like to shop online.
Nevertheless,online shopping has some advantages and disadvantages.
We should treat online shopping with rational minds.
On the one hand, online shopping has many advantages.
For example,it is cheap.
As we all know,online stores always take sale activity.
Many goods sell for9.9yuan and many special price goods sell for 20 or 30 yuan.
Besides, you can find similar dresses if you want to buy a dress, then, you can buy the finest one.
The second advantage is convenient because you can shop with cellphone or computer.
For example, you would buy something with your cellphone on bus.
You would buy something at home when it is raining.
You needn't walk store by store in order to compare the clothes for finding the finest one.
On the other hand, online shopping also has many disadvantages.
The first one, you may buy a good different from you saw the one online.
For instance,you had decided to buy a thick, beautiful coat online, but, you cannot wear it when you got the coat for the coat was very thin, small,it's color was ugly,even have some flaws.
The second one, you must wait for three or four days before you accept the good you had buy.
So, you need think over about the time between you buy it and you get it.
To conclusion, you need think about the advantages and disadvantages of online shopping if you decide to use it.
It is a strange phenomenon that some people like doing exercise and others do not like,that because people recognize the different two aspects about sports.
One is positive aspect,the other is negative aspect.On positive aspect,we can find many benefits,doing exercise can release pressure,and make us be confident in life,what's more,some sports educate us to aim high.The spirit of cooperation is the most important appearance about positive aspect of sports.But there is an exception that sports may also make you be injured,that why some people don't like doing any exercise.In my opinion,I think we should focus on the positive aspect,and join sports activities,even though we may be not the championship.
But,the important thing in sports is not outcome but never quit,the essential thing in sports is not afraid of being injured but just do it.
While at college, I should continue to study hard.
Please concentrate on your major study.
If I hold an excellent foundation of your major, I will enjoy doing everything.
Besides, I can join in some clubs which I am interested in.
Get more chances to practice myself and enlarge my personal circle.
Everything is new.
I should be curious about everything around I.
And then I will learn something.
Explore my life.
i like music very much.beacuse music is very and Music can bring me pleasure.I like pop music.Because it's fashionable .I don't like folk music.Because it's not good to sing.
will not delay learning.I will sing every day in my spare time.The school will be a party.
I'm looking forward to your arrival.
After the periods of globalization of economy, the international community has entered the era of "globe village".
This era has put forward some challenges to the whole world, namely, how to deal with the less diversities of cultures.
And to some extent, different kinds of culture are becoming increasingly merged into a furnace dominated by the western culture.
So it is unsurprising for us to find that Chinese culture becomes so feeble as a result of the so-called culture shocks.
But I hold the belief that to protect Chinese culture, therefore, is somehow to find and distribute the spots which made it survived the 5000-year-history.
Language is always the soul of civilization.
So is Chinese.
And so are the Chinese characters.
There is no doubt that we should take the responsibility to add glory to our mother tongue.
Besides, Japan has set a remarkably good example for us in protecting the culture of its own.
I don't think it is a bad idea to learn from the advanced one.
So what should be taken action is to educate young people in a conscientious and careful way.
What's more, when faced with some cultural invasion or crisis, China should learn to fight back according to true history instead of enduring bitterly.
In one word, Chinese culture cann't be the sacrifice of globalization and China can't be colony of other cultures.
We young people should never worship any culture or become their slaves.
With the development of society,on line shopping becomes more and more common.Anything has two parts,so the different person has the different attitudes towards on line shopping.Some people think it boring to make purchase of goods on the internet.There is no sense in shopping if we can't try it on.However others think on line shopping is a good way to fit our busy life.In my opinion,on line shopping is cheap and useful.There are some reasons.
Firstly,on line shopping is a good way to save money.In point of cost,on line shopping never need to pay for rent of shops,so sellers sell productions at the lowest price.We even can buy a pair of shoes in several different colours because of the low price.Secondly,on line shopping save time for both sellers and buyers.On the one hand,sellers can serve several different buyers at the same time,that means sellers can manage to sell different things and make more money at the same time.On the other hand,we do not need to try it on,we can buy it at once by drawing lessons from previous buyers.Besides, there is no need to build some stores which suggest that we can save a quantity of money and work.What's more,we just do some shopping on the internet,that is to say,we can just buy it no matter where it is only if there is a computer.That's quite fee.In addition,on line shopping is a good way to buy anything we need.We are always confused when we need to buy something necessary but not usual.Thanks to the on line shopping we can buy whatever we need at any time.
In a word,on line shopping makes our life easy.Nevertheless,everything has two parts,so we need to have a correct view at on line shopping and never do it too frequently.
With the information era coming, computers have been put into classrooms and it has greatly changed the traditional way of teaching and acquiring.
Someone predicted that computers would replace teachers, however, for my part, I firmly believe that computers will make the traditional one much better but never displace teachers.
Some reasons will be listed as bellow.
First of all, the class contents are organized seriously by teachers, and these classes are the ones that can be appreciated by all students.
Besides, teachers will give each lesson in accordance with the reaction of students, but computers can only use the same mode to tell the same knowledge.
Second, teachers can put the knowledge together.
When students meet difficulties, teachers can lead them to have a revision.
When there is one point which need previewing, teachers will pick them up easily.
Last but not least, for one thing, computers are also invented by a human, the educational aspects also need teachers to check and design, therefore, teachers will not confront an unemployment problem now.For the other thing, although it is an improvement of information and can make class more interested and convenient, the teaching quality may not be so promising.
Computers cannot examine students effectively and give feedbacks to them.
Above all these points, computers are only the technique and tool to help teachers complete a successful class, but not the ones can displace teachers.
Thus, computers will never replace teachers.
This Winter holiday is the last one for us before we graduate from senior high.So I make an English timetable for Winter holiday.
What interested me most is that watching American TV show can learn English.It ony only can widen ouir vision,but also can provide a channel to add to the ability of listening.What's more,watching American tv show isn't boring so it can make those students who don't like English fallen in love with English.
In addition,doing some English reading is also helpful to learn English.It can give hands to English reading comprehension.While reading,we can learn more of the world.
If it is convient to you,try our best to talk with foreigners as our friends.Communication is the key to raise English dpeaking skills.
I'm firmly convinced that my English study can improve after these acticity and I can enjoy my last winter holiday.
It is not unusual to hear that high school students want to attend college as soon as possible while college students,in contrary,they wish go back high school .The reason is that there is difference in students' independence,the way of teaching,the goals of studying and the courses between college and high school study.
Personally,it is very comfortable when I studying in college.On the one hand,the campus just like a small world of freedom in which we students can do whatever we want that we can't in the high school.On the other hand,the courses are not tougher and tighter than the courses in high school,we have enough time to make the life more colorful and more meaningful.
In my opinion,no matter studying in college or high school,you should be responsible for your courses,do not be addicted to the time that you spent for entertainments.
Hello!My name is X and you can call me Sandy.I am 20 years old this year,from P city,W province.
There are 11 people in my family,including my father,mother,brother and so on,they all love me,and let me life colorful.
I am a very loving smile,easygoing,outgoing girl.And I like to read a book,watch movies ,easy to be moved and easy to cry.I also like to listen to music,it makes me feel very relaxed.During the holidays,I like to travel, I want to go France,I want to go to see the beautiful flowers.
My dream is to find a good job,have a happy family.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.Our question was about study buy myself,watch TV or listening to music ,talk by the Internet or play games,help parents to do the housework,do sports.Here are the results.
Although there're many bad information,but there are fourty persent of our students study by myself every weekends.
When I saw a father who walked slowly with a baby girl I always think of the scene that my father and I walked together.
My father has four children.
In order to support our family, he had to become a truck driver, which always makes him tired.
Although he suffered this, he looks optimistic.
I admired him for his tough.
In many Chinese families, most people like a boy more than a girl.
Nevertheless my father loves me than my younger brother.
I will never forget that no matter how late he came home ever day, he would come in my room and cover my quilt well.
Although I was sleeping I could felt him.
I know I am the most important person in his life.
My father taught me the meaning of love.
I love my father for his tough and love.
Hello~Mr.Wang(I don't know your English name yet so I call you in this way~~).I'm so glad to learn English with you.And I'm expecting for more chance to practice my speaking English.I'm from S and when I speak English it's always mixed with some S accent(I call it S-glish lol).I hope I can improve it soon.Looking forward to the classes coming!
My father is an ordinary man who has a large, long face with thick eyebrows.
My face looks like his very much.
He is of medium stature, not very tall.
However, he is tall enough in my eyes.
He dresses casually, but cleanly.
We often say, "a stern father and a loving mother".
On the contrary, there are a stern mother and a loving father in my family.
My father is a simple and honest man who doesn't have many words.
He shows his love and care for our family by practical actions.
In my memory, he has never punished or beaten me.
Contrarily, he always stood in front of me when my mother got angry at me and wanted to beat me.
As a result, he has a big stature in my mind.
Born into a big rural family with many siblings, father dropped out of school when he was only 13 years old, then went out to work alone to alleviate the economic burden of his family.
He had a rough time in his adolescence.
Therefore, he values my study and wants me to get the best learning opportunities.
At the same time, he tries his best to provide the best growing environment for me.
I had a alarm clock which is heart-shaped.
It was difficult to adjust the hand of the alarm to the minute when I got up.
So he spent the whole morning in drawing the minutes lines of my heart-shaped alarm clock.
He did this just because he wanted me to have a good rest time and wake up on time for school.
I use mobile phone for the use of alarm now.
However, I still keep it on my desk.
Every time I see it, I can feel father's love for me.
My father is very considerate of our family.
In winter nights, he always comes to my room and tuck me in tightly.
My mother always fall into sleep when she is watching TV.
Then, my father will take off her glasses and get her lie in a comfortable position.
Every time he takes me home from school, he will prepare a bottle of drink for me.
Father's care and love for our family are expressed through these trifles.
As a result, influenced by father, I trend to judge a person according to his behaviour details.
Personal body condition and heath care are the matters that my father is also concerned about.
He likes tell us tips about heath maintenance and urges us to follow heath lifestyles.
For this reason, he cares about my heath very much.
Once I had fever in the evening at school.
The school hospital wans't open that day.
He was so worried that he rode his motor bicycle to my school for two hours in cold winter night.
When he appeared in front of my classroom with red nose and face.
I burst into tears and can't say a word.
After giving the medicine to me and leaving a few words, he hurried home.
I will never forgotten the scene in that cold night.
Just as someone puts it, "To someone, the name of father was another name for love".
My father is an ordinary man.
However, he has given me and his family the whole love he can give.
I have been surrounded by his endless love since I came the world.
Hello everybody,It's my time for introducing the acitvities of our family on New Year's Day which is the most important day in the year in China.I'm sure you will be very interested in it.
First of all,everybody get together on that day.so I usually go to my grandparent's home then we will have a family dinner which always makes me feel warm and happy.Then,the women in our home will wash the dishes and clean up the table which we have eaten up the dishes and at the same time some children will watch TV or play games,the others will play cards together.Third,when we feel excited we will go to sing Kara OK.When we meet the friends which we have long time haven't seen we will give him a hug to express our miss.If we can't see our friends we will send a card to send regards.
I think it is meaningful to spend this day with the people who are really important for us.We should treasure our happiness,exchange our happy,then we will get more happy.
I think we should keep the animals in zoos.
First, people can see the different kinds of animals in zoos like snakes, elephants and so on.
This is a way to help the people know more about the animals.
If you like the animals, you will not hurt them when you are seeing them.
Then, it is good for the animals to be kept in zoos because they will be taken good care of in zoos and don't need to worry about the food and the safety.
Although the animals in zoos lose their freedom, they are safe and will have a different life.
I think their safety is more important than the freedom and maybe they can live in zoos happily too.
It is important for us to protect the animals so let us go.
Don't remember not to eat the endangered animals and kill the little animals in our life.
According to the survey conducted by China Youth Daily,only 10 percent Chinese believe that houses have nothing to do with happiness.Frankly speaking,I am on the side of majority.
A house is not merely the cold space built of bricks,cement and reinforcing bars,it is home.Home is magic and wonderful,which is a word full of warmth,load with the power.It can heal the wounds of your soul,give you enough courage to live and lend you confidence to resolve difficulties etc..Owning a house is the premise of founding home.And when you have your own domain,your heart can get relaxed.
To a great extent,that people buy a house is not only want to buy a two-bedroom unit or three-bedroom unit,but to get a kind of happiness.If the house is rented,this happiness will be reduced terribly;what worse than this is that you may not feel it.So,buying a house is to invest in your own happiness,especially for women.Someone once said,"For men,the place where his lover stays is the home,while for women, the place with a house is home.Women's feeling of safety and dependency most comes from a bed of down.
"There are 67 percent female netizen who buy houses out of sense of belonging.At the same time,nearly 60 percent consider the houses as better quality of life.As a matter of fact,it is just the surface phenomenon that women want to have their own houses.In the final analysis,women want to give themselves the spiritual independent space.For those women,who have economic independence and personal independence,whether in love or disappointed in love,got married or still single,they all have a common idea that having their own living space and being free to do as they like.
With different size,the happiness that houses bring to people is the same.Maybe there are only a bed,a desk and a reading lamp in your little house,it is crowded but warm.You can lie on the bed when you feel tired;you can hide in the corner when you are sad;you can sing loudly when you are happy;moreover,you can dream whatever you dream in the little house.It doesn't matter that you live in a humble abode.Only when you adjust your attitude to love the house and create a good family atmosphere can you feel the happiness.
In short,I think houses have a lot to do with happiness,and I will definitely buy a house by myself in the future.
Nowadays, slenderness has become a symbol of beauty and fashion.
In order to catch up with that pace, people are crazy about losing weight with various methods.
Some choose to do physical exercise; some try to go on a diet.
However, there are a great number of people who use diet products.
It seems quite easy to lose weight when we use diet products.
We don't need to do the boring exercise and even we can eat whatever we want, including the high calories food.
We think that is a perfect way.
Nevertheless, we are wrong.
We don't realize what the diet products bring to us at all.
In my opinion, diet products not only fail to help people lose weight, but also may lead to side effect.
Firstly, it is just for a moment that diet products can control our weight not to gain.
However, once we don't use it, our weight will gain again, and may be heavier than before.
An American research shows that 61% of the people in the survey are fatter than they used to be.
It can be compared to the hypertension or hypercholesterolemia drugs.
We all know once the drugs are stopped, however, symptoms typically recur.
Secondly, using diet products constantly will cause damage to our body.
As the saying goes, "As the medicine, it is more or less toxic".
In fact, the diet product can't change our eating habits.
It makes people lose weight only to change our body's elements, the six categories of basic nutrients.
So the body will break down because it lacks necessary nutrients.
What we lose more than what we gain, which I think is a pity.
Last but not least, the failure of losing weight may let us lose heart.
If things go on like this, people will get a passive attitude towards life.
We often see that report in the newspaper that someone jumps from the building because of the failure of losing weight.
These people regard the good figure as the most important thing.
So when they get fat, they will lose the courage of living at the same time.
Thus people must be careful with losing weight, especially using diet products.
To sum up the foregoing, diet product isn't safe enough for people to use.
If we really want to have a perfect figure, we can try other ways, for example, doing the exercise.
"Haste makes waste" , which is the old saying.It means if you want to achieve the desired goal, it can not be too anxious,otherwise he will fail.
If one wants to be a scholar, he should make persistent efforts, burying himself in books.
If one wants to be president of a country, he should first display his remarkable ability in his routine work so that his ability will be recognized and accepted by others.
However, if he is impatient for success, he will never realize his goal.
If a man courts a woman, he should ry to win her love gradually.If he wants to take sa shortcut, he will never become a scholar He should not expect tto win her heart within a day, otherwise he will never get true love.
In conclusion, "Rome was not built in a day".
Many people consider money their entire life partner.
They ignored what books can bring them and the most precious thing one can ever have.
Reading makes a full man.
One can not reach one's goal without knowledge,because there have nothing to do with ambition or courage.
There is no denying that practice can help us gain more practical experience.
As the proverb going,only when we are using knowledge,do we find that we have not learned enough.
Reading exercises our brains and improves concentration.
When we are young,we read to learn about people,places and events outside our life.
This learning is important for us to build a store of background knowledge,then we have confidence and curiosity to experience the outside world.
Reading improves a child's vocabulary and leads to more highly-develop language skills,especially for us language majors.
We read though the new words and at the same time we unconsciously absorb information,like how to structure sentences and how to use words and language effectively.
In my opinion,one of the most important influences that books give us is reading develops a child's imagination.
This is because when we read,our brains translate the descriptions we read of people,places and things into pictures.
When we are engaged a story,we are also imagining how the characters are feeling.
We use our own experiences to imagine how we would feel in the same situation.
In my life, there is lot's of person worth me to admire, for instance: my parents, teachers or TV stars.
But my senior desk mate is the most admire for me.
Senior high school life is the impression for every college student, because the days of study hard is a good memory ,as well as the friendship.
My desk mate is my best friend, I learned lot's of things from his life.
However, I think the most important lessons is that how to encourage others.
At a time, I have a bad grade in my class and I was so depress that I have no heart to learn.
It is he's encourage that waken me up.
I was so appreciate he's encourage, at the same time, I learned that how to encourage others.
In the future .I will study hard ,Admitted to a good university in the future, my ideal is to test a second around the university, to learn more knowledge in the future, contribute to society, to be a useful person to society.
Don't let parents and teachers down .
I hope in the future, to your own business, strive for their future life.
With a piece of heaven and earth, and to support their parents, together happy life.
There is no trouble and sorrow.And after marriage, the family happy life together, such as a baby, the education of children in the first place .
We are glad to imform you that our sales confirmation No.J-29 ,the goods have been shipped by S.S. "pearl", "May flower" cargo ship in Hongkong.This contract is at cost price puls freight turnover.We have been send a fax for you on Mar.15.2013.so that you may arrange the insurance in time.
There are some different views on what the real happiness is.
Some people say that the real happiness depends on the money,the power,and everything about material,while the other person say that we can have happiness if we can do the things we like.
In my views, the real happiness not only depends on the money and material but also the things we like.
For example, traveling,shopping,having parties,joining the club is the happy thing many people like to relax and rest,but we can not do these things without money.Besides,in this world maybe we can not live without money.After all,money and material can give us more and more.
However,if we only chase the feeling of money we must not have the real happiness.
There are some rich people in this world but they are not happy,they live with sadness every day.
The reason is that they do not have happy things to do though they have much money.
In a word,we can not have the real happiness without money,but doing what we like is also important.
If we keep a proper balance between money and things we like,we will live more and more happily.
It is said that the world without love like the fish without water.
I suppose it.
Love is importance to us.
People not only needs love, but also should give others love.
light in the dark which can give us hope and competitiveness which can make us get out of the hard life.
As far as I am concerned love in our life is where and there.For incense,when a report about the person are survived form a strong earthquake who are suffering in the family"s death and needing help is reported .
Then many Relief supplies will be sent to the disaster area from all over the world.
In the case you can fall love abound in the magic power.
other people .
And if we are all full of love , I believe the world will be a better place for us to live in.
I'm glad to know that you're going to our school.
Our school although the traffic is not good,but in such a quiet place to study,our body and mind very comfortable.We have a good school environment.There are mountain water!
conditions.The abilities can reflect in every aspect.So we should enhance ourselves in all ways.
our inner quality,then we can make contributions to the society.
try my best to be a useful person.
With the booming of the economy and the remarkable of people's living standards,a lot of people like traveling on vacation.
Nowadays self-help traveling is gaining more popularity among college students.
The reasons why college students like self-help traveling can be listed as follows.First of all,self-help traveling can give young people more freedom and spaces.They can rang the travel route and go to the palces whatever they intend.Moreover ,self-help traveling is the chap-est way for traveling.Compared with the travel tour,self-help traveller can determined the food they eat and the place they sleep in.So it is the best choice for the college student who love traveling but with not much money.Laste but not least,self-help traveling can not only broanden travellers'horizon and open their eyes to the world but also improve their capbility of shoveling various problems by themselves.
As far as i am concerned,self-help traveling is a good way of traveling,especially for college students.
It can help me learn about the different culture with the lowest expense and ,at the same time,relieve my pressure.So when I want to travel,I will give top priority to self-help traveling.
Just as many people said that children are angels who are the precious crystallization of love.Nevertheless, it doesn't mean that they must live in greenhouses so as to lose the abilities to feed their own.
Nowadays,many parents try their best to prepare everything well for their children in order to make the road in front of them more smooth and glorious.What's the worse,some of them control their children's future and even substitute for them to finish dreams!How horrible it is!The parents must haven't thought the life their children would lead after their mother and father's leaving.As a result,more and more children are lack in capabilities for daily life.
Love shouldn't become the obstruction in the way of children's growing.What Parents should do is to help children to be independent.Telling children the key-point skills and let them have a dig at practising.Sometimes,parents can leave children alone to teach them how to work out problems on their own.Creating difficulties for them to settle is certainly a sensible choice which can provoke children to enrich their common sense and practical technologies.If you do these for your children instead of helping them with your own hand,I should say,you are a competent parent who is really responsible for your children's lives!Trust me,Love can be expressed in a more appropriate way......
It is obvious that many persons will not read a book unless it is borrowed .
Here comes my reasons.
I will state it from three aspects.
On the one hand, people turn to read a book he borrows because he is aware of the limitation of time, since he has to finish it before the deadline.
As the saying goes, "where there is pressure, there is impetus ".
A borrowed book gives us the pressure and impetus.
However, a book we buy will not give us the pressure we need since we know that we have a lot of time to finish it, so it is unnecessary for us to read in a hurry.
On the other hand, many people seem to hold a view that things of others are much better than those of our own.
You must have met such experience that you bought clothes on impulse just when you saw others wearing, or you tried something new as others were interested in.
Ultimately, most of them turned to be useless or bad.
So it is the same when comes to books.
Last but least, to read a book borrowed can help us solve the problem of selecting one in a pile of books easily.
That's why people always choose to read a book he borrowed.
To sum up, whatever the reasons they are, I think we should develop the habit of reading books, which will do us good, both mentally and physically.
So we should read both the book we borrow and the one we buy.
Here is my opinion.
First of all, it is true that a good education can improve our personal enrichment, for example, communication, study and so many ways.
We can also get much helpful knowledge from a good education.
Second, what can a good education give us is that we can get more job opportunity.
It is easy for us to get a good job if we had got a good education.
At the same time, good education can also bring much to our society.
It can make contribution to society; it can help people to make our society be better.
The U.S. has experienced steadily growing trade deficits and job losses for nearly three decades, and these deficits and losses have accelerated rapidly since the NAFTA took effect in 1994 and the WTO was created in 1995.
In order to solve these social problems, the Bush Administration is pressing Congress for "fast track" trade negotiating authority.
However, the dismal U.S. track record in negotiating trade agreements since the mid-1990s, as indicated by the nation's growing trade deficit and the attendant economic problems, suggests that a fast track is exactly what the nation does not need.
Therefore, more beneficial policies and agreements should be enacted by government and international organizations.
As is known to all,friends play an important role in everyone's life.we all have friends.They have various characteristics.As friends,in my opinion,the sincerity is the most important.
We often share happiness and sadness with our friends.In this way,we get relaxed and feel not lonely.But they who are not sincere do not care what we say to them at all.
They are not worth trusting.So I have never made friends with this kind of people.Intelligent friends often give us help.We learn a lot from them.But I want to say that we should not just ask for without any paying.Nobody tending to make friends with a selfish man.Humor friends make our life joyful.I like to stay with them.I forget all unhappiness the moment we talk together .
As my friends,to be sincere is the most important.Besides,it will be ideal if they are intelligent and humor.If you possess these characteristics,I would like to make friends with you.
With the development of modem society,people's living standards improved.So that online shopping became a fashion.
Online shopping has many advantages.It's very convenient for people to buy something what they need.So they needn't go out to shop .Also shopping rate is fast and cheap than those in physical store.
Every coin has two sides .Online shopping also has many problems.The quality of the Online shopping is not necessarily good .We often do not have to guarantee when we shopping online.And we are very easy to be cheated by merchants.Something like close,shoes and trousers are always not proper.
In my opinion,we should be reasonable and sensible.Online shopping can be but not ever consumption.We should take some measures to make it perfect.
A news a long time ago showed that an old man tumbled was lifted up by a foreign girl, while our Chinese turn a blind eye to him.
This is authentic in current society and numerous people tend to be very cautions of strangers of strangers, because we are filled with the dread of bringing undue troubles.
As far as I'm concerned, it's our obligation to do all we can to assist others and it will bring us large quantities of benefits.
On the one hand, we can take pleasures from helping others.
As the old saying goes,good-heartedness frequently meets with recompense.
What we can gain from supporting others is not only physical, but also more psychological, for instance, we will feel more comfortable and refreshing and we may even make some life- long acquaintances.
On the other hand, helping is also helping ourselves in some degree.
If we turn our back on others when they are in suffering, the same will ourselves be treated one day.
Such manners will also do good to public morals and alter current social situation.
It won't cost much and we do not hesitate to help strangers anymore.
The contradiction between friends is inevitable, we should stand in the other person's point of view thinking, always put yourself in for the sake of a friend, what will you do if you encounter such a thing, a conflict must be for a reason, in the event of conflict, don't get along with each other in the cold war, no one owes you anything, and good relationship with friends will make you feel on the physical and mental pleasure.
At the same time, lions also wake up from sleep.
The first thing is flashed in their mind that I must catch the fastest antelope, otherwise, I will starve to death.
So, almost the same time, antelopes and lions are jump together,and they are running to sun.
Life like this---Whatever you are antelope or lion, when the sun rising, you have to run far into the distance without hesitation.
The mid-autumn festival is celebrated on fifteenth, August, in lunar calendar.
Several days before the festival, relatives or friends have started to pay a visit mutually with some presents.It is quiet lively on that day, especially at dusk.
There is a fancy dinner, including many kinds of delicious food.
Families are all at table to eat happily, talking, and laughing.
After having dinner, people put some fruits like apples or pomegranates and moon-cakes on special places to worship their respectable ancestors.
When the moon rises highly illuminating the lovely yard, families are seated together, admiring the charming moon, eating the tasty moon-cakes which are special food for this festival, and talking about their lives.
In my opinion, it is the most holy moment that we all cherished.
I am terriblely sorry for the quality of the car that brings you something inconvenient.
Beyond our control , there are something engine problems in the car.
It seems to cause some small problems.However,they will bring deadly disaster to the car.
I think one of our production lines makes mistakes so that the car you bought has some problem.
We will offer free service for your car within 2 years.In other words,we will try our best to repair your car when it is break down.If you are satisfied with our decision ,please take in touch with us as soon as possible.
I hope you can understand my suitation and accept my apology.
In a constant and changing world, there are human beings and there is education.
On the other hand, education to human what sun is to the grand.
Education is a lifelong process beginning at birth.
And education should be an ongoing preparation for life and for living it to the fullest with a goal for the greater knowing about oneself and the world.
Firstly, education has a great effect in our society.
Education is the strong lever and the social productive forces to promote the construction of democracy, hence the key to improve the quality of the population and the social sustainable development impetus is education.
Obviously, the second man could do the great things for the society and could make the society full of energy.
That is to say education is good at society in some places.
Secondly, education is important to the country.
For a country, education is a national's hundred plan.
Fostering the talent to the nation makes the country strong and strong comprehensive national strength.
In order to make the national talent, the development of various undertakings prosperity, progress day by day, we must build good education.
Thirdly, the content of the education is the most important thing in human life, accompanied by people in all his or her life.
Generally speaking, education increases reserves of human knowledge and skill levels and improves work efficiency in the future.
Through the education, people could possess the professional knowledge and do the perfect work.
Shangzhong Yong who is a famous child with a great talent in ancient China, nevertheless, his talent became vanish when he grew up without education.
As a consequence, he was an ordinary man without any special talent.
Therefore, education is important for human life.
Education always shows its different functions in different ways.
I am a student from Henan province.In the first fall in LuoYang,my felling is dry and cold!
This may be a prelude to the arrivel of winter.The days are shorter and the night are longer.The leaves are turning yellow,and then slowly falling.In this time we have to do some exercises in the morning.
The weather here with the weather in my hometown are different.In my hometown the wind often blows strongly and it often rains before winter comes.But there is little wind and rain in Luoyang.It is said that the temprature can reach ten degrees blew zero in Luoyang.I cannot image how cold the weather!In my hometown the temperature rarely reached minus,so I could not adapted to the weather.I must learn to adapt.I can do it!
Before winter comes,I must prepare for the cold winter.
I think the discovery is very important in our life, we need it to find many things that we did not know it.So, internet is one of them.
Internet can help you to know some news quickly, Internet can help us to talk with friends and family more easily.
It is very helpful things in the world.
Internet often can give us some surprise.
So, Internet is good for our life.
There are lots of gentlemen in the past.
Athletes put a high value on the sportsmanship.
They want to have an impartial and moral circumstance.
Nevertheless, now some sportsmen lose the morality of sports competition.
Even some of them cheat so that they win all cost.
Sportsmanship is one of the most essential parts of human rules.
You have to treat your opponents with respect.
We may also gain the respect from them.
When we win, we should keep modest attitudes, then encourage others.
It is your professional literacy.
As the old saying, friendship is the first thing, and the competition is the second.
What is the purpose of the Olympic spirits is that peace, friendly, progress.
Good sportsmanship is also the model to learn from.
No matter what difficulty we meet, students should never give up.
Like a marathoner runner, we need more patient and determination.
In addition, we should learn to treat winning and losing with moderate attitudes.
It teaches us win without pride and lose with grace.
In a word, great sportsmanship is of vital importance.
It means the respect, also the morality.
With the development of the technology and society, GMF is greatly becoming a trend in our daily life, and with the appearance of GMF, we can insure that the quantity of the food is enough to satisfy our need because Genetic modification could increase the yield per unit area, meanwhile eat can reduce production costs and development time, which can increase the level of demand for living.
But when it comes to GMF, a number of studies have shown that genetic modification may destroy the structure of food, which could brake the balance of nutrition, even worse, it could lead to chronic illness.
But no one have found out these theories.
In my opinion, weather GMF is good or bad depends on out need about it, if it is not necessary, we could use common food to instead of it.
Hence, we can take advantage of these technology.
Nowadays college students are in hot pursuit of famous brands, which is an unquestionable phenomenon.
For example, Nike, Adidas, Apple becomes more and more popular among students.
First and foremost, college students are open-minded and are willing to accept new things, hence pursuing famous brands my well reflect their pioneering spirit.
besides, in modern society, famous brands mean fashion to some extent, which has drawn college students' attention.
What's more, parents' spoiling their children helps form their bad habit.
Form my point of view, the college students' love the famous brands is not a bad thing,but everything should be done in moderate degree.
Advertisements appear everywhere in modern society.
In the streets, in our house, even in elevators.The idea is simple,tell someone something long enough and they will believe it.When you turn on the TV, look through a newspaper, or surf on the internet, advertisements would immediately jump into our sight.
Some advertisements are so elegantly presented that we are inspired or even moved.Generally speaking advertisements become one of the most authoritative voices speaking to us today.Let us make our life easier by learning to choose real ads,and be the master of the advertisements,not their salve.
As far as I know,online reading is becoming a hot pursuit among people of all ages,ranging from students to adults.So keen is this tendency that it seems unstopped,which may challenge the domination of traditional reading that exists thousands of years,just taking how long the invention of painting helps the diffusion of learning into account.
Despide the convenience of online reading,I prefer the other more.Only when we slow down our paces and take our hearts into this new world consisted of pages after pages that are totally different from what it seems to be, will we have the chance of reexamining the deepest thoughts of human,nature,society,or even the universe,compared with online reading.
Please get your review back no sooner than reading this article.
Group cooperative learning is used in many schools.So from this term our Einglish teacher divides us into eight groups to let us study well.
In my opinion it is a good way that every one can help each other.Not only can wei lean more,but also can have a good communication.As we all new to each other,in the group,we can know more about your teammates and develope our friendships.
But if you want to get all above you should try your best to keep the groups on.Have a positive attitude and act.Action speaks louder than words.I thing it is good to us,so I will coordinate with our partners.
We welcome you for your enquiry of April 10 and thank you for your interest in our export commodities.
We are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.
As for the payment terms we usually require confirmed, irrevocable Letter of Credit payable by draft at sight.
We trust that when you see them you will agree that our products appeal to the most selective buyer.
We have already sold some of those fireworks and firecrackers to England.
I believe we can make delivery within a half month after receiving your order.
We think the firm may supply you with more details of our fireworks and firecrackers.
We feel confident that you will find the goods are both excellent in quality and very reasonable in price.
Thank you again for your interest in our products.
We are looking forward to your order and you may be assured that it will receive our prompt and careful attention.
This is L. I learned from your post that you want to improve your Mandarin.
I feel honored to have the chance to help you with your Mandarin learning and I am very happy to have you as my English teacher.
I'm good at speaking standard Mandarin.
I've been a broadcaster in the school's broadcasting station for years.
When it comes to how to speak fluent Mandarin, I suggest that you learn a bunch of pronunciation rules first, which are quite different from the English ones.
Another suggestion is to practice speaking.
As the saying goes, "Practice makes perfect".
However, my English is just OK and I have many problems with my study.
I really hope that you can give me good advice on how to study English well.
I believe we both can make much progress with each others' help.
Every has a lot of dream.Some people want to be a doctor.Some people want to be a teacher.Some people want to be rich.
I have a lot of dream,too.In the primary school.I want to be a pilot,but I am myopia.So I can not be a pilot.In the middle school.I want to be a doctor,because they can help people mend his ways to save him.I think they are greatness.So I want to be like with them.
I am a ordinary people,I have a ordinary dream:doctor.I believe that,will help people,own also to be able to obtain joyfully.
In order to save money,we collect all kinds of coupons.For the time being,many shops,restaurants and some companies give out many coupons and other things which can save consumers' money.In my view,neither group-buy deals nor coupons can make consumers smart.
First,they are all the companies which established for earning money,whatever they do,they are just for broadening their consumers and gaining more money.Then,all the coupons are used for the consumers to spend more money.Thirdly,we spend less money not because of we are smart but for may be the companies spend less on their cost.More and more companies use bad things in their products nowadays.Finally,no matter how much we spend,the companies can still earn a lot.
In my opinion that the cost is always lower than the price tag.No matter how we try,we'll never cleverer than the merchants.
In the last year.
It's a sunny day.
My father and my mother with I were going to the Yun Men mountain.
The Yun Men mountain was from Qingzhou in Shandong province.
It was 421 meters.
The mountain was famous for "Shou" .
The stone is 7.5 meters high and 3.7 meters wide.
There air were very fresh and there had many kids of trees and lots of birds.
We have a picnic in the mountain and I take some beautiful photos.
I felt really a nice day.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of my classmates think it necessary to get online.To their mind,the Internet can make it convient to study.Through the Internet,they have access to braoden their minds.Besides,they can wach movies.read novels.cheat with others and so on.So they don't think that it's bad for us to get online.
In others' opinions,the Internet isn't good for students.Beacuse of the attract of kinds of things in the Internet,we sometimes hardly restrain oyrselves.They think students should pay more attention to study.The information will make students lose themselves.
To my mind,getting online has both advantages and disanvantages.If we use the Internet correctly and don't depend too much on it,we will not be rapt in the Internet.
Hi, everyone, my name is lisa.
I have a good healthy eating.
Here are some suggetions about healthy eating.
Do you know an saying"an apple a day keep the doctor away"Eat a lot of vegetables and fruits are healthy for us, but junk food and snacks are not healthy.
At twelve, I usually eat lots of fruit and vegetables for lunch .
I always eat ice cream after dinner, I think eat it is not good, so I don't eat it now.
Meals is not good for us, so you'd don't eat it.
Also eat hamburgers and snacks are not good for us.
Have a good habits for us are very important.
I have a friend.His name is Liu Qinglei and he is twelve years old.He is from China.He is a student and he is in Class 5 Grade 1.He has a friend.Her name is Betty.Betty is English.She is thirteen years old and she is in Class 2.She is a beautiful girl.His teacher is Mrs Green.She is American.She is a good teacher.
Love is a beautiful feeling.Perhaps each of us is bathed in love.In life love is everywhere.
In my hometown,a boy is unfortunate adela.Because of his congenital defect.He is different to the childre that his is don't standing up and walking .Just sit here and don't move.Nonetheles his parents never gave up on his care and they taught the happy life.He parents taught practical thing and encourage boy go to school .In school teachers and students are taking care of him, whatever he to all help him, the students took turns to push the wheelchair to send him home.Everyone accompanying his growing up.Although he can't live the normal person that his is happy every day.Have minor groups of people for love.
Love can make a man strong and happy life.If everyone give a little love the world will become a Lineage.
reasons followed.
To begin with,the blood vessels might be other things.
organize.
vessels might be the reddish mineral .
remain iron and the dark red centers is questionable.
wrong evidence.
materials are not real origin to dinosaurs,it just from other courses.
salaries.
only way for student to abandon your resume.
several places.
Finally, a successful part-time job can build the students' confidence.
good at using money than others.
life.So school must offer the opportunity for the school students.
for school,but for student.
Television is an important medium of communication, however, my most favourite TV program is the Newsweek.
The TV program is hosted by Baiyansong, Although I love the show about the content, I more like the host.
First of all, The TV program is mainly about some sociology problems, and The host will talk some of the more objective and reasonable insightful opinion about these problems.
Secondly, The TV program is close to people's life, the awareness of these issues have a more proper guidance.
In addition, The TV program will also let us profound understanding of China to a certain extent.
At last, the TV program that I learn more knowledge outside the classroom too, and it can broaden my horizons, and enrich my thoughts.
On the other hand, I like the TV program's authenticity, because it gives great impact to me more than any other show.
In general, I so like the Newsweek of the TV program that I almost every week to see it.
The TV program is good for us, so we should see more programs like the Newsweek.
In modern society, most children are the single children in their families.
Single children enjoy their parents' whole love.
Parents give their children whatever they want.
Not only the single children but the chileren who have brothers or sisters can get the whole love from their parents.
Parents' love is unselfish.
As far as i am concerned, parents should have certain reservations in giving their children to their love so that their children can be independent.
If parents give their love to their children without certain reservations, their children may develop many bad habits.
Children are becoming selfish and self-centered because their parents spoil them.
They can get everything from their parents.
They are taken care by their parents all the time and their parents arrange everything well for them.
As a result, their children could seldom think about others.
They have been used to taken care by others.
At home, their parents can help them to solve all the problems which confuse them.
After children leave home, they may be at a loss what to do when they face some problems.
If parents give their love to their children without certain reservations, their children may become self-centered.
This can make it difficult for children to make friends with other.
It is hard for them to cooperate with others because they are self-centered.
They always think that they are right.
They cannot make a concession or reach consensus.
Sometimes, they cannot adopt other people's advice.
They began to rely on their parents when they were young.
After they enter society, they have to spend much time learning independence.
They have to change themselves to suit the society.
Parents should give their love to their children but they should give with certain reservations.
Things will develop in the opposite direction when they become extreme, so parents' love should have its limits.
Children cannot grow up healthily without their parents' love, however, they may also spoilled by their parents.
Parents should use correct ways to educate their children.
Certain reservation in giving their love to their children can make their children more independent and maturer and stronger.it is good for their children.
So I think parents should have certain reservations in giving their love to their children.
It's my pleasure to stand here to give you a brief introduction of my great country .
The Republic of France .
The Republic of France , referred to France , means bravery and freedom in Tectonic.
It covers an area of more than 550,000 square kilometres.It has a population of more than 63 million .and the capital of my country is parts.
I think you guys can't be more familiar with this .So today I'm not goon to talk about things that everybody knows Instead, I'm money to talk about things that people don't know ,or at least very few people knows.
It is well known that France is famous for its high-end apparel cosmetics,and its luxury .The image of French women is that they love dress very much .
I can't say it's not turn, actually,nowadays whereof walk on the streets ,except those white-collar who works in office, you rarely see people all dressed up like in fashion magazine .People are just wearing very casual dress.and stores in my country are not just selling famous brand ,most of them sell casual clothes.
That's because nowadays people in my country are advocating a thrifty life.
And because of thrifty, we not only wear casual clothes,but also have simple diet.
You all know that French cuisine is farmer,throughout the world and French people are very particles about eating .But these days, the time we spent on diet is becoming shower and shower.For example, usually, we just take some bread,some hot food with some salad and some dessert as our lunch ,and that's it , not so many materials to prepare or so many processes to go through as you may think.
Again ,because of thrifty.
Many people who first arrived in France may feel confused by the colour of its sidewalk ,as you can see in the picture some are dark and some are just lighter .And ,Why?Actually, this is because of dogs.We love them so much.Let me die you some numbers.The population in parts is about 2 million but the number of dog is more than half a million.that means almost every family in my country has a dog .When you ask people who just come from parts,what's the most unforgettable thing you see in parts?Instead of famous brands, perfume,beauties,he will tell you it's dog.So we here is the explanation for that picture,Those dark part are just for the dogs ,and the light part are for its longer.
Nor wander that people say that Paries is the heaven for dogs .And for we love dogs so much that some taxis in Paries have special seat just for dogs .and some of those seats are right next to the dirver's seat So next timing you want take a tail in Paries be careful.
The last thing I'm money to show you is perfume .Of course when mention parts,you can not mention perfume .Every woman in the word want a bottle of perfume from parts.
But if you were a man it is not such a wise choice for you to chose a perfume as a present for you female friend in my country .For in our place , unless you love her ,or you never ever give a woman perfume .
At last ,as there are so many presidents here ,I'd like to invite you to my country another to enhance multilateral relationships.
I had never thought about coming to the CUP before I received the letter of the admission which told me that I did really come here.Frustrated as I was,I knew nothing about my future.
My first pre-conception of my study was dim,for the majority I chose didn't suit me well.It requires rich imagination and sharp observation which I unfortunately have neither.I would have lost my hope and given up trying if I hadn't met the brilliant teachers and enthusiastic students who kept telling me to give a shot.
Since then,I have understood why people saying that the hardest part of ending is starting again.Only accumulating experiences constantly against failure and keeping on forward may you reach the goal you go after.
College life is like a star-crossed love in everyone's life.It is so precious,so god-given.
I should use it fully and value every opportunity given to me.
I have a plan to go abroad to study.
That means I need to double the effort for not only my schoolwork but also my experiences.
That is tough,I have to say.But you never know what the future store for you.
That is my plan.A plan which is bound to be a road full of thorns and flowers.
I would rather embrace the unknown than stop to be perplexed because I know that I have youth waiting to be wasted.
There are serious security problems in Brooklyn, New York.
Yesterday, an attack has happened in Brooklyn.
According to the report, a woman was attacked by a man.
The woman is Marissa Parry, on her way home in the evening.
When she walking through the parking lot toward the entrance of her apartment, a man rushed out and attacked her.
Of course,she shouted for help, but no one comes.
Which made the mod be more anger and crazy.
The result is that Miss Parry lying dead a few feet away from her apartment.
Based on this, we should protect ourselves.
If someone who wants to go out at night, must together with each other.
At the same time, the government should also dispatch police to strengthen Brooklyn security.
I believe that everything will be better.
Nowadays,as society developing,various methods can be choosing by a large number of employment companies.Nevertheless,it seems to be a tendency that when they assess applications,they not only pay close attention to their professional knowledge and specialized skills with exquisite,but their morality cultivation as well.
Therefore,under the employment situation,instead of strengthening learning skills simply,school educational system ought to particularly put quality-oriented education in the first position.At the same time,school must take measures to deal with it in every aspect.For instance,setting up a course of "Ideology and Morality Cultivation and legal Rudiments" can deepen their understanding of ideology culture.What's more,it can be a nice way to develop social activities so that students will increase a sense of responsibility.
According to the employment status recently,character education is of vital significance in the recruitment examinations.Reflecting one's basic quality,character education has gradually become an ultimate standard to assess candidates.He who is in a poor character can not live in society.Consequently,we are supposed to concentrate and focus on character education.
It's so excited to read such a speech with great passion .Yes , we're students representing the best hope.
After reading it , I realized we're now adults who should take primary responsibility for ourselves .We face the challenge of building the future world .
The college education is not only a way enabling us to acquire more knowledge and living skills , but also a transition in our lives.During this time ,we should equip ourselves with the ability to adapt ourselves to the society and learn how to appreciate the persons who have added help to us on our way to an university .
We represent the best hope , so we should not abandon ourselves to all kinds of enjoyment.
We should resume our normal hard-working.
For country.for family.for personal, Education is a essential and become more and more important.
No doubt, Teachers be giving high request.
There is a new way being popular to supervise teachers.
It is "students evaluation teachers".
The "students evaluation teachers" means give student a chance to say "which is you like, which is you hate" and take some acquires to teachers.
The "chance" may be just a task for some students.
Especially when they say a lot from heart, the result is teachers have no any change than before.
On the other hand, if teacher try to make everyone satisfy.
It is truly difficult..
Sometimes teachers will be hurt by a little part of students, because the opinion may involve personnel emotion and wrong judgment.
It is bad effect to class relationship.
according to this, many people think it is not ok..
I am student.
I like to take my advise to teachers by face to face.
we are one.
We are family.
S o, it is easy to communicate with teachers, with classmates.
If there is not build good cooperate relationship between teachers and students.
Do not need words to tells truth.
Teachers must know.
Maturity is not something to do with age, but it's more about one's mind.
A mature person is someone who can manage his own life independently, take responsibility for others and focus on the whole society rather than himself.
Managing his daily life independently is basic to be a mature person.
Always with his parents, teachers or friends around whom he can turn for help, a person can never become mature.
Only faced with various challenges and difficulties independently, a person has the chance to learn to deal with them by their own and improve himself.
It's an important way of maturity.
Managing daily life involves the ability of individuals to take care of practical and personal affairs which include handling finances, choosing their own wardrobes and determining their daily agenda, etc.
First, a mature person needs to know how to use his money properly.
Putting some money aside in case of an emergency, and getting rid of buying something unnecessary are two significant aspects .
Second, he also has to choose his clothes, buying what are suitable for him and appropriate for the environment.
Third, mature people need to decide their daily agenda independently so that they can finish doing what they should do on time.
It's essential to take responsibility for not only themselves but also others.
As a mature student, he should study hard and make most of the time to improve himself both physically and mentally.
And being a child, he must love, respect and care for his parents, and take care of parents when he can earn his own bread.
Living in the society, a mature person should obey the rules of it, focus more on others and endeavor to make it a better place to live.
Being the friend of others, he must be frank and sincere .
When friends are adopted, he needs to stand by them and encourage them to convince others.
While friends are trapped in difficulties, a mature person can give them a hand in time.
If friends have some wrongdoings, he should figure out as soon as possible and help them out.
Last but not least, focusing on the whole society instead of being limited to himself is indispensable.
A person who merely concerns about himself can not be mature.
He just pay attention to his own interest, and benefits himself in spite of others' feelings.
It's an obvious show of immaturity.
Mature people always pay close attention to others and the whole society and endeavor to widen their eyes so that they can have long sight and be more considerate.
Then, they will contribute to the development of the whole society other than benefits themselves.
In conclusion, a mature person needs to be independent, be responsible and be far sighted.
In this society there are many people like to buyings online .there are also a lot of websites that can make us choose now .online shopping has become a fashion.
A lot ofthings on the interent are wery pretty but not necessarily for themselves so we shoulf go shopping in real life.
With my years of experience in online shopping,we can buy online but don't rely too much on him.
With the growing awareness of conducting financial transactions,more and more people,especially students,are careful with money in daily life.They collect all kinds of coupons,look for group-buy deals for eating out and travelling,and buy clothes only on sale.Recently,however,there has been a heated debate on this seemingly smart way of consuming.From my pointy of view,this may not make us smart consumers.
Firstly,we easily tend to overbuy and consume blindly.We may consider that coupons and group-buy deals are favorable to help us save more money.As a result,we can't help purchasing a number of commodities which we don't really need.This will lead to a large waste of money and resources.Furthermore,in the long term,if we always consume in this way,we might form a habit of irrational consumption,and it might influence our way of thinking.For example,from intelligent and logical thinking to emotional thinking.We will constantly buy things just because of the discount price rather than measure their value or speculate whether they are really indispensable.This is not what a smart consumer do.
All in all,we should maintain a rational and logical mind when spending our money,and it doesn't merely mean buying cheap or discount merchandise.Let us deliberate what we authentically require.Only in this way can we become smart consumers.
As our school is selecting image ambassador on campus.
I want to introduce myself because I am good enough to be image ambassador on campus.
First,I think I am good at study not only in school but also in other aspects.
As the image ambassador is a student who can stand for our school,he or she should not be poor in academic.
I always get good grades in school and know a lot about other fields such as sports,history and geography.
Then, I think I am a community-minded girl and always ready to help our school.
An image ambassador should love school and always devote herself to school activities.
I used to arrange and take part in some school activities such as art festival.
I am always on the run of participating in teamwork.
I am a girl with energy,confidence and efficiency.
If I succeed this time, I will do all I can do for our school.
All in all,please give me a chance to display myself.I will prove that I am the image ambassador on campus.
In today's society, the equality between the sexes is always the commonplace topic.
In ancient times, the status of women is higher than the man.
Nevertheless soon, with the evolution of society, the man's status improving little by little.
The man is the head of the family.
Man can read books, but women can't.
Women lost many powers.
People prefer boys to girls.
The man has a lot of power, but a woman to abide by the three obedience and the four virtues.
Therefore, men and women always not equal.
In today's society, the impression of people tend to modernization.
So people advocates the equality between men and women.
Women and man can work and to go to school together.
But many feudal ideology still exists, the men and women inequality is still there.
In my opinion, men and women are all the same creature , should be equal.
Like the two eggs , we can't say the large one is superior to the insignificant one or the round one is nicer than the flat one.
So we should advocate the equality between the sexes.
Everyone has their own advantages, and we can't compare who is good.
In high school,we spend a lot of time and energy studying.Also we went through more stress from our parents and teachers.In our inner ear,the college ex trance examination was our dream,whereas the college study can be extremely relax.We have many alternatives to study by ourselves .There are many activities in universities which you can communicate with others.However,sometimes we didn't know what should we do to adapt to the college life.
When I became a freshman,I detected that there is always someone who is superior to you.In those days,I didn't intend to study.I supposed my classmates were more talent than me.Luckly, my classmates were kind to me.Nowadays,they become my best friends.
As far as I'm concerned,you should make a clear plan and take part in more activities.Where there is a will,there is a way.May you succeed in your college.
At the beginning of the story, Junie B. jones tell me why she has "B" in her name, and Junie B. jones went to kindergarten for a Meet the Teacher Day.
She went to kindergarten next morning, she met a little girl who had curly black hair--which is her favourite kind of head.
Junie B. wants to set by her, but the little girl declined.
And Junie B. had to set face to her.
As far as the ordinary vacation,I spent the time at home during the summer vacation.But it was different that I assited my mother do housework.Authough I had done some housework former,it was the first time I become a full-time "housewife".To most of my classmates,it was so boring.On the contrary,I felt extremely substantial.The first time,I realized I can make such an effect to our family.
My parents had not have regular job,so we had not have enough money.It was hard to them to sent my brother and I to go to school.When I grown up and went to university,I can considerate my parents' situation.And I want to do something for them.
My father is a driver.He gets up early and comes back late.When he comes home,he feels tired.So he likes drinking a little bit wine to ease.My mother goes to the cleaning company as a cleaner.She must clean the all the floor.So everyday I cook launch and dinner for them.I am very glad that they enjoy the meal.But my mother always gives me some advice to my cook,sometimes I am not so happy.To be honest,her advice is good.Under the family atmosphere,I have a wonderful vacation.
As far as I considered,with time passing by and we grow up,we have to take up the responsibility which we can or we should take.And we not only know how to study,but also should know what we can aid our parents do.And I cherish all the time with my families.
Nowadays it is a very common phenomenon that some students cheat on campus.
Someone does not go through until the exam coming.To get through the exam,they have to take some actions,such as cheating.Some of them copy from others, some used their textbooks, some copied from small pieces of paper on which they had prepared for the exam, even some used mobile phone.
Though a good score may lead to a good title,when we were young children,our teachers and parents told us to be honest people.We should far from cheating.
It is necessary for us to realize cheating is a shameful behavior.
There are some tips to solve this problem.In my opinion,on the one hand,the college should make rules to punish.In this way,can reduce this phenomenon.On the other way,the students should change their minds and resist cheating.We students should be honest and try to get a good score by studying hard instead of cheating in examinations.
What's more, we should get well prepared for examinations.
I like not only english but also art.
Last year ,in the school painting competition i won the first prize.
That something about me.thanks for your time again.
No issue is more important now than the one that we should have career plannings, which is commonly held by most people.
Different people have different plans.
My career planning is becoming a photographer, which is due to my father's influence on me.
At first, my father is an amateur photographer who regards photography as his only interest.He also told me that we should seek truth from the facts and don't let our eyes hoodwinked by lies.
Then, Photographers try their best to take a lot of photos and use them to report the news.
Finally, they can go any where they want to go and seek for what we don't know but intend to recognize.
It is easier to say than to do.
To be an excellent photographer is not easy.
In this case, the first step to do is that I should study well my professional course which I am studying now.
In addition, It is important that I should also study photography skills.
What's more, It is necessary for me to get a part-time job which is related to the photographer to improve my ability and increase my experience.
In one word,a good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.All I have to do is studying hard.I believe I can be an excellent photographer in the future.
I admit that I am a half-alive person due to my ambitions and some other emotions.
I have tons of things that I want to pursue.However,I do not think it is a bad or shameful thing that we live with some goals as well as desires.Everyone has and should have some hopes or wishes,in my eyes,Diogenes is no exception.At least you cannot deny that he wanted others to accept and recognize his doctrine.To be honest,I do not intend to be that kind of real person,because without any desires,I do not believe there have any attractions in the world.Yet,I hold that we should learn how to be easier to feel content so that wo do not have to live so tired and weary.We can have ambitions but do not let them influence us so readily and so much.
He wanted to take the clean metal of human life,to erase the old false conventional markings,and to imprint it with its true values.To some degree,he succeeded while to some extent,he failed and can never succeed.Diogenes's idea and doctrine do affect some people like Alexander and he many people's admiration and worship.His doctrine survived even thousands years have past away.However,as we all know,his idea cannot be accepted by everyone.His theory cannot be used in a society which develop so rapidly.
In spite of that Alexander can understand him,he cannot be another Diogenes.
I can understand Diogenes who is doubtless a great man of history.He was such a brave man who had true,lasting good.But I cannot be him,and I do not want to be a "citizen of the world".What we can learn from him is that how to cope with our emotions and to live a happier life.If we cannot procure a stuff even with lots of exertions,just let it go.
Nowadays more and more people use the internet and more and more jobs need the internet.But everything has a sword with two blades espacially internet.
On one hand,all of us can see that the internet makes our life more convenient,we can buy many things we want without out.
It's makes our communicate more easily,we can talk online with our friends even hang in the homework in my room.It also makes our space time more happily.the internet games make us relaxing.
On other hand,it also has the disadvantages.first,there are many trickster there,they use the internet to cheat the children.second,let's of student are carzy with the games so they even do not do their homework.Of course,there are also many bad advertisement or breeze message in the internet.
Above all,I think wo need use the internent in a proper way.Let the internet help us in our life and don't addicted yo it.Also we should watch out for the defraudation on the internet.
I am Li Jin in the early morning, my classmates Li Hua is currently experiencing difficulties in life, he and friend, Mary is the relationship broke down, feel very sad.
Li Jin wrote in enlighten Li Hua, and given on improving the relationship with friends suggestions.
Ask broke off relations with friends Mary reason.
Suppose you are Li Jin high school in the early morning, your classmates Li Hua is currently experiencing difficulties in life, he and friend, Mary is the relationship broke down, feel very sad.
Li Jin wrote in enlighten Li Hua, and given on improving the relationship with friends suggestions.
Ask broke off relations with friends Mary reason.
Increase the opportunity to communicate with friends, open heart knot.
In the future, we should considerate of each other, and to share their joys and sorrows.
I collected too many lovely birthday gift.
I like them.A bear,It is one of my favorites.On my seven's birthday party my father brought a birthday present for me.Although it is not very colorful,I love it very much than others.The bear has two big eyes,white ears a red mouth and a small nose.It in a brown coat.I love it because I love my father.It can represent my love for my father.I think it can accompany me.
The winter holiday just passed away, and I've done lots of meaningful things.
I always just stay at home, watch TV series and finish my homework, but this holiday seems special.
My friend have set up a running activity similar to the hot reality show called "Running Man" this holiday and I'm honoured to take part in.
The gist of the show is just running in order to keep our students, study in junior two, fit and make us hilarious and kinetic.
In fact, all the occupations in the show are all our students,such as directors, players and recorders.
What's more, we also get the help of our school leader, they all think it's a good idea because fitness and health is so important for students and this show makes efforts on it.
Nevertheless, the meaning of the show is not only to encourage students to do exercise, but let students try to broaden the horizon and create more shows like that.
In Christmas Day,kids will stay with family.They will change gifts and write new year wishes.Also,they will make a family meal.They will make gingerbread house,candy,ham for Christmas Day.They will make a Christmas tree and put wish for the New Year cards on the tree.And putting the gifts under the tree.
In different country,they eat different supper for Christmas Day.
In the United State,fanmily always eat roasted suckling pig,turkey,baked corn porridge and so on.
In the United Kingdom,they like eating turkey,roasted suckling pig, fruit pie and etc.
After supper,they will change gifts and read thier own wish for the New Year to each other.And they will say "Merry Christmas" loudly.Maybe,they will take a famliy photo in this day.
It surveyed that more than 7000,0000 of chinese people owned private cars.In big cities,for instance,Beijing and Shanghai, always have the traffic jam in the peak-our,which causes most people are late for work.What's more,the air is polluted seriously.The government take some measures in order to solve the problems,which include taxation.I strongly support the measure.
On the one hand,some people would take bus rather private car to avoid paying for taxation.And people will feel it is incumbent on them to protect the environment,which have great effect on decreasing the air pollution and the traffic jam.On the other hand,the decrease of the private car will contribute to the order of the country and help the country keep aloof from the traffic accident.
Although some private car owners pay for the taxation reluctantly,it is a good way to control the increase of the private cars.There is a saying goes:without discipline, there is no method.Only the government take strict measures,could they eliminate the worries.
With the whole world developing, there is such a great increase in population that adds to the stress of the nature.
Natural resources are overdeveloped to support the increasing population.
Besides, many countries are lacking in water resources, which makes it hard for people to have access to safe drinking water.
Moreover, the forests, which is called lung of the earth, are being cut down more and more.
The environmental problems are serious enough for us to do something about them, such as to stop the waste of the water and recycle everything that can be recycled.
In a word, we must pay attention to the health of the environment.
We have only one earth.
It is beyond doubt that we enjoy more free time in college than in middle school.
But as to how to make use of our spare time, different students hold sharply different views.
In order to earn money, a good number of undergraduates are busy doing part-time jobs.
In this way, they can relieve their families' financial burden to some extent.
Besides, they can achieve more independence through their work.
Others are confronted by countless exams and they frequently attend guidance lectures in the hope of improving their performance in these tests.
They believe that a record of good exam results will be useful when they look for jobs in the future.
As far as I am concerned, I will live my college life in a different way.
On the one hand, as a student, I will give priority to the development of my knowledge and skills, so I am determined to spend most of my spare time studying hard.
On the other hand, I think it is necessary for me to join one or more of the student associations.
These associations can provide chances to improve my communication skills and make my life colorful.
In conclusion, I do believe that my college life will turn out to be colorful as well as fruitful.
I live in China.To the northwest of my hometown.There is a beautiful and developed country---Switzerland.It is situated in the middle part of the Europe.It is a big country with a population of 7500000 people and a area of 41000 square kilometers.I have ever visited its capital Beme and famous city Geneva.Both of their scenery are very beautiful.I think that this country is more attractive than its neighbor countrys---Austria,France,Italy and Germany.It is said that people all over the world call Switzerland"the garden of the world".But I don't think so.I think it is the heaven of the world.Before I left Switzerland.I bought many watches and food there as gifts to my friends.Because the watch and food industry of Switzerland is as famous as its chemical industry.Through my description,do you want to visit this country.If you ant,don't wait,just go.
This is a bar chart regarding different modes of transport used to travel to and from work in one European city in 1950.1970 and 1990.we will find something special in this bar chart.
From the bar chart,we can see clearly that more and more people chose car as a mode of transport they liked.While the utilization of bike and foot began to slow down year by year.The statistics lead us to an interesting conclusion that most wen to work and travel by foot.On the contrary,hardly people used car to work and travel in 1950.After 40 years later,great changes have taken place .as we can see from the bar chart,the utilization of car speed up ,foot and bike has  replaced by car .From 1970,car has become the most popular mode of transport among all.Over the period from1950 to 1970,usage of foot slowed down sharply,while the utilization of car speed up dramatically.
In my opinion,the main reason of such phenomenon is the fast-developed economics.More and more people can afford a car.It takes less time for them to drive to work.However,harm comes with convenience,a large number of people can't have a balanced diet on account of bad lifestyle caused by car.The bad lifestyle brings illness to them like overweight.cancer and so on .Besides,car will result in air pollution .It's harmful for both city and citizens .In order to create a better environment to everyone,the actions took by authority concerned are essential.
