Finally, while the students enter college, they don't live in the shadow of parents.
Because the money is limited which is given by their parents, they have to study how to plan and use it.
The way that pupils can develop an independent habit through arranging themselves cost of living.
In conclusion, it is a benefit for pupils to have a credit card.
With the progress of society, we use the credit card getting a routine habit.
On the other hand, avoiding the risk, we use the credit card to do some things.
In a word, the students should have a credit card .
Nowadays, the interview has become indispensable in seeking a job.
Its success will determine whether or not you will get the job you applied.
There are many factors involved.
According to psychologists,it depends more on the first impression you leave which is half a battle: how you look, how you sound and what you say are of great importance.
In the first place, how you look makes up 55% of a first impression.
This includes facial expressions, body language, and eye contact, as well as clothing and general appearance.
Among those, clothing is the most important to show your respect to the interviewer and to leave the interviewer a good impression in the end.
In the second place, how you sound makes up 38% of the first impression.
This includes how fast or slowly, loudly or softly you speak.
So make sure that you sound friendly, interested, confident and happy in answering any inquires in the interview.
Finally, what you say counts for only 7% of the message.
Therefore, attach more importance to your appearance and expressions rather than your words.
To conclude, no one can escape from the interview.
Remember the above points, and you will succeed in the interview.
No one can deny that memories are everyone's unique treasure, whatever they are.
As the saying goes"Memories warm you up from the inside, but they also tear you apart" So how to treat them is rather important.
As for the warm memories, we would like to hold them longer usually and remind them of frequently.The reason why we do it is the warm memories often make us happy and satisfied.
So it is easy to recall the pleasant moment and the relevant people or place.
As a survey shows the more warm memories people have the longer he will live.
On the contrary, the dreadful memories are not good for the people's health.
Since they will produce some chemical elements that make people feel upset and depressed, so people prefer to forget them at once.
But in my opinion, no matter the memories are warm or unpleasant, all of them are the treasure only belong to ourselves and can help us with growth.
Nowadays, a number of teenagers who are still in school prefer to have part-time jobs to enrich their school life.
As the proverb goes, every coin has its two sides.
Teenagers are confronted with lots of problems brought by part-time jobs like influencing study.
However, as for me, teens should be encouraged to have a part-time job because it's of great benefits.
Firstly, that teenagers have jobs can reduce the burden of family.
We all can find that the tuition is increasingly higher these days and parents are working hard to earn money for their children.
Students who have part-time jobs are to help parents lift the financial burden because the wages of part-time jobs can contribute to daily costs.
In this way, teenagers can be more independent and mature than before.
Secondly, part-time jobs can improve teenagers' practical ability.
I want to take myself as an example.
My part-time job is to teach junior high school students English and I have benefited a lot from my experience.
Doing this job makes me take full use of my time to balance my study and work, and it opens my mind, broadens my horizon and enhance practical ability like how to teach.
I can accumulate some work experience and gain some knowledge about society for my future career, at the same time, laying foundation for my future.
In brief, it's evident that having part-time jobs do reap a lot of benefits.
Teenagers can make life more colorful and meaningful.
Nowadays,Our country's air pollution become more and more serious.Particularly,in some economy develop very quickly city.Such as Beijing .Guangzhou.In order to solve this problem,Beijing area take the measures limiting the use of private cars .
This measure is very useful.Firstly.to a certain extent ,it can solve the air pollution.It can reduce the automobie exhaust .Secondly,limiting the use of private cars also can relief the traffic jam,make the road is clear.
As far as I am concern ,limiting the use of private cars is a good method.It not only solve the environment problem,but also it promote the bus development.I think this measure should be popularize in our country,in this way ,our environment will become more and more clear.
On summer holiday my parents took me to Beijing .We stayed at Huabei Hotel .On the first day ,we went to the Great wall is very long and oal .It has millions of bricks.
Each brick is big and heavy .lolts of people from different countries like climbing the Great wall .We felt very tired when we climbed to the top of the Great wall.
We also went to the Palace Museun.
The palace museum has many palaces.
It has a very long history .I bought alot of souvenirs of the palaces these are.I visited the palace museum and felt excited .if you want to know more about the palace museum, you can go to Beijing and have a look.
Nowadays,all of People of China are worried about Food safety problem.Many unprincipled businessman produce unfavorable provisions and achieve advantage.
Many booth at roadside use illegal cooking oil,Their food is carcinogenic,shortly,market appear tainted milk.Their milk utilizes a lot of chemical additives like Melamine.It will contaminate many people when they were lovely baby.Not only milk but also shrimp,drink and Vegetable is used chemical additives.
In order to ensure Human health,I think the government should set up trade barriers for food and People don't buy anything from the booth at roadside.But the most crucial factor is businessman's moral.
That is the source to solve problem of food safety.
Hello , everyone .it's an honor for me to stand here giving you a lecture.
My name is T, a fresher in the university.
I believe in that all the students present have a really big dream in the life.
Some maybe want to be a lawyer , some maybe have interest in arts , and others may have a preference for being a doctor .
The fact is flowing in the wind most of you consider the university an important way to open up a door to your dreams.
Obviously ,you give yourself a hard try up to the key university.
Before I entered the college ,I had contributed all my imaginary to painting my college life.
I will lead a new life without a lot of pressure resulted from the score-orientated rank competition .
I won't need to do so much homework day and night.
I am able to do whatever I like.
What's more , college life means freedom and enjoyment .Look!
How wonderful my imagination is.
On August 29th ,2011,I got my wish to be a member in N University.
Everything was strange in my eyes:different location, different atmosphere, different people, different habits, which seemed to turn my life uneasy.To tell you the truth ,I did have cold feet at that moment .
I began to reminisce the beautiful days in middle school years , those teachers available whenever needed, those broad smiles on my friends' faces.
So many things are lying ahead of me to adapt to.
I had to adjust myself to welcome the challenges.
On the other side ,I didn't worry about consequence of examination any more and there were endless activities on their arrivals to wait for my participation .Freedom really exist .But at the same time we can easily be at sea.
Nobody will call you for having classes, in other word, you can choose not to go if you wake up late or you just reckon it too boring.
This time you have the whole power to deal with everything.
You know,I don't mean to disappoint you .what I want you know is that college also has its negative aspect.
Like us ,nobody is perfect and everyone has his shortcomings .
Behind my description , you can learn the first challenge you 'll meet is the adaptation .Faced with this problem ,we need to be properly confident .After all ,adaptation is a process,which needs long term of our effort.
Senior brothers and sisters are willing to give you a hand .You can inquire anything you are curious about and you want to learn.
Under no circumstances can you ignore the significance of friends.
Please keep it in mind : a good friend is just like a four- leaf clover, hard to find but lucky to have.
They are good listeners and also advisor ,never put the resources aside .Once your heart is touched by that person,never hesitate to catch him or her.
Together with someome ,you can rise or fall as one family ,as one team.Thanks to friends ,you can stay away from the negative feelings.
Now that the problem of adaptation is solved.
We should comtemplate how to survive the freshmen year more thought-provoking.
Previous to the college life ,we were always taught by the parents and teachers what to do and how to do the things.
When some trouble get in the way ,we used to expect some individuals like divine to shed the light for us.
As is known, it's not accepted by the wise person .So it's time for us to learn to be independent instead of being a bird in the nest surrounded by the mother-bird.
There are so many things we should pay attention to and it's a pity that I am not able to cover every small potatoes.
Last but not the least college life is full of twists and turns .
however,what we need to do is to add spices to the commonplaces.
That's all ,thank you .
I always spend my free time in some interesting ways.I've got a hobby that always makes me feel happy.I'm fond of drawing picture.I draw about the view of my city that I see outside the win dow.sometime I go out to a village to get some good ideas of drawing.Beside,I also hang out wiht some friends when I'm free.I always have a good time and the time flies away when you enjoy it.And that's my free time.
People face a lot of failure in their lives and it is a terrible thing to us.We often consider that if we can do it successfully or not.Especially,the closer we get to success,the fear we will worry about.In my opinion, failure is not a bad thing.
comfort each other.It was necessary that someone consecrated great intelligent to people who were poor and subjected to disease,gave them consolation and inspire as well.She said that diffusing light to the mind of others,one must have light in his mind.
On the contrary,some people hold a negative attitude towards failure.These people are given in when they are forced by poverty,pressure,failure and even made a little mistakes.For instance,if you work in a company,you could not finish your assignment on time.It may make you depress and embarrassed that your boss blame you in front of others colleges as well as making you feel your world fall apart.
Nevertheless,I still don't believe that failure is a bad thing.Success will be gained of failures so long as we need to how to learn the lesson from our failures.The bad thing is fearing failure and never try to get over it.
I'm looking forward to going to Switzerland,one of the developed countries in Europe.
Switzerland,situated in Central Europe,covers an area of forty-one thousands square kilometers.It has a population of 7.5 million.Berne is the capital of Switzerland and Geneva is the famous city of the world.Austria,France,Italy and Germany are neighboring countries of Switzerland.
It can be said with certainty that Switzerland has become a dream destination for everyday including me.
It was called"The garden of the world"because of its fascinating scenery.It is a popular starting point for many excursions.It was developed in watches,chemical and food industry,too.
All things considered,I'll go to Switzerland if I have free time.
Curiosity is very important in our daily life, whoever your are.
When your life lose curiosity , you will not find something funny to make you happy.
And that's so terrible for your life.
It seems you are a dead-alive person.
You never live once.
So, please keep you having curiosity, your life will be varied and graceful.
As for us college student.
we should choose a major what we are interested in and curios.
Because curiosity can let us finish the work quickly.
What's more, it can help us learn something easily and remember something firmly.
At he same time, finding a job is the same as study.
If you aren't curios of it, you will lose your mood to living.
And you will have pressure in you live and may want to give up your life..What a pity!
You can't enjoy your wonderful life when you lose curiosity.
Therefore, we couldn't lose our curiosity.
We will achieve a great success as long as we keep our curiosity on.
Nowadays, more and more strange things happened.
Sometimes we would receive anonymous calls or messages, but we did not know how these people get your name and phone number so I suggest we should protect our information by setting the password.
Why I said like this, that is because the advantage of setting the password that can protect your information from the stranger's stealing.
Another benefit is hindering the strangers easily to steal your personal information for other commercial purposes.
Many people stole other people's personal information in order to earn some money.
The personal information is in charge of the money.
So many people would rather steal to sell.
That is because this way is very easy to earn money to everyone.
To sum up, we must set a password to protect our personal information.
If like that, we will not be disturbed by anonymous.
And we will feel safety, even if many anonymous still did like that.
This is very important to us to protect our personal information.
So everyone should pay more attention to the strange calls, in case we will be cheated, even we will lost our money and our mind.
That is not safe to us.
With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers, shopping online has become a commonplace in our life.But you should pay attention to because every thing has two point,shopping online has advantages and disadvantages.
Shopping online has a lot of advantages, of which the most important is perhaps its convenience.
They just only need to click the mouses can sove everything.Next in important is cheap and fast.So people can save a lot of time and energy.However ,shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages.
Firstly,we can't be sure of the goods 'quality.Secondly,when we buy clothes,we can't try them on personally.So when you shopping online ,if you are careless,it will bring you some trouble and losses.
decide to buy.
work in the countryside.
Everyone look at the same thing in different it for granted.
themselves,to improve themselves,to learn more and do not go to school in the books.
relative ease.
It has been a long time since I left home.Now let me introduce my live in China.
In China,I studied with my Chinese friends and we always communicated with each other.We also took part in some sports activities together and we knew a lot about each other.In order to know more about Chinese culture,I visited some places of interest in Beijing which were really beautiful.I also watched Peking Opera which was really good.The traditional food in Beijing is very delicious and I like eating it very much.By doing these,I know more about Chinese history.During the Spring Festival,I celebrated the Chinese traditional festival in my friend's home and we ate the Chinese traditional food,dumplings.I was very happy.
I love the live I had here and I enjoyed myself.It is the most interesting festival I have ever had.
On this issue, we used a whole class to discuss.
There're 40% people think we should keep animals in zoos because keeping animals in the zoo can make people see different kinds of animals.
They also think animals in the zoo can be taken good care of by people.
The rest of the people thinking we shouldn't keep animals in zoos.
They think that animals like living in the natural environment.
If animals are caged, they will lose their freedom.
I think animals should be kept in zoos.
Animals always be killed by hunters, although animals like living in the nature.
There're many trees being cut by human beings so that animals in the wild lose their homes.
First, we shouldn't buy products made from endangered animals.
Besides, we should protect their home such as stop people from cutting trees.
What's more, we should set up some nature reserves.
Anyway, protecting animals is the important responsibility in our life.
We are one of the leading importers of fireworks and firecrackers in this city and shall be pleased to establish business relations with your corportion.
Accoring to your requirments, we will send a quotation to you.
We also can accept to give you firm offers of C.I.F UK together with our terms of payment and we are able to make delivery within a half month after receiving your order.
We know that you need for fireworks and firecrackers for UK festivals like Guy Fakes Day.
Our price is competitive and delivery date.
If you agree with our quotation, please order and open irrevocable L/C after orders.
Please give us your reply as soon as possible.
There are two opinion between them.Some of them think getting online can help them to get information and you can broaden your horizon.Sometimes,chatting with your friends is a good choice.On the other hand,it's a good way for you to relax yourself.
But some people don't agree with them.their views as follows:Firstly,it is bad for our eyes.Then,most of poor self-control children are addicted to chatting and playing games.It's bad for our studying.
What's more,it wastes our time and energy.All of these are bad for our bodies.
In my opinion,we should think it in two ways.If we use it correctly and properly,we can enjoy ourselves and learn a lot of things from the Internet,or we will not only lost ourselves but also hurt our bodies and hearts.
In a word,we should learn how to get online.Why not try to use it?I am sure you will make progress and have fun from getting online!
For my part, it is easy to plant a tree.
But when I was to put the thought of planting a tree in action, I found it was not an easy thing to plant a tree.
My mother is a farmer, she told me a lot about planting a tree.
Now, it is my pleasure to share the knowledge of planting a tree with you.
Firstly, select the right time of year for planting the tree.
Do not plant in late spring or summer because the heat will stress the plant and may cause it to die.
Then, Check to see if there are any local requirements concerning digging deep holes if you need to dig near telephone and other cables (for example, in urban areas).
At the same time, you should also Choose a suitable tree for the region, climate, and space.
Research local cultivars of species native to your area.
If you are willing plant a non-native species, consider carefully why.
Thirdly, Prepare the hole.
Take a suitable shovel and dig a hole that is 2-3 times the width of the root ball, just enough so it will fit.
This lets the roots ease in more easily and begin to grow outwards into the soil.
Forth, Use some compost or composted manure if needed.
If the soil that you currently have is not rich, has clay-like qualities or if it has the consistency of dust or sand, the addition of manure or compost will give the tree a great start in life.
The last but not least, Water the newly planted tree.
Allow settling, backfill the remaining soil, and water again.
This will eliminate air pockets.
Through my introduction you can know the steps of planting a tree.
Planting a tree is not an easy thing, but when we know about the basic information.
I think we do better than before.
It's clearly to see that we have an increase in 2012 sales and the number is $16,605million, which is more $1704 million than 2011 in the Line Graph.
In the Bar Graph, all data show we have a good sale in 2012.
In the Pie Chart, there are 48% Mature Markets, 37% in China and 15% emerging markets in 2012.
All of the listed data is present we will have a good prospect next year, so we have a thought to get more investment on next year marketing campaign in order to we will have a good sales grade.
More investment we have, more return we will get, only do we make everyone know and familiar with our products, they will buy.
Meanwhile, our VIP client Mr. Kolin wrote to claim a remedy of $1000 for the second shipment of 100 pieces of laptops, because no one that address accepts the shipment.
I think we should give him a remedy to have a long contract with him..
I am glad to have the honor to welcome you,representing the whole class.And I'll inform you the basic information.
As winter is approaching,the weather here becomes colder.So it's necessary to bring adequate warm clothes.I bet you will like Chinese food,which is recognized to be delicious worldwide.
Our class are composed of 42 adorable students,and soon you will be the 43rd.The harmonious environment will be easy to fit in for you.So don't afraid to bother us, we are always with you, happy to offer help.
We are looking forward to promoting the understanding between Amercian and Chinese culture.
It is a excellent opportunity for us to built profound friendship.
Except for an exchange student, you come as a friend.Sincerely wish you a good time.
In your life, you may experience many things,but just one thing you will never forget.Here I would say something about my experience,the most unforgettable experience.
In my first year of college,I found a part-time job.Everyday after class,I would go to the shop to help them sell drinks for two hours.At first,it was not easy for me since I had never done some extra jobs and had no experience.I had not sold a thing all week.Worse more,I started to complain about it and wanted to give it up.What I thought was that I could not do it well,and it was difficult to accomplish.When I talked about it to the manger,he said:one month later,you will think about it,and he also told me some experience.The next week,I tried to do what he had told me,gradually,there were some customers buying my drinks,day by day,it became so easy for me to do the job.I stopped complaining but started enjoying it.Lucklily,the customers were not so picky as before.At the end of the month,I got my first salary and received recognition from my colleagues,at that time,I was so proud of it.
No pains,no gains.Whatever you do,you should not give it up,just take it as a beautiful thing in your life.No experience,no growth.Maybe it seems unfinished,but if you put your heart into it,you can do it well.From this job,I have learned that how to communicate with others,how to improve your skills and how to change yourself to adjust the society.
In this complicated society, there are many college students face a lot of challenges.
Such as study the professional courses, through a variety of certificate and find a good job.
A series of challenges start from almost the beginning of our freshman year.
When a lot of students entering the university holding the mentality of " freshman and sophomore live a relax life, junior and senior study hard", lack of scientific planning for their future development, which often become feel overwhelmed when they face the employment pressure is an important reason.
The university is not the place to play but to learn.
Many students feel that the university has a lot of time to play games, actually, the time is very short and students need to be prepared for the future development.
For college students to learn their major well is the most important thing.
The course of college students many seem easy to learn, but it is not easy to get good grades, plus in recent years, college students' examination and grading system continuous reform, if you carelessness, it is easy to failed the exam, rebuild, serious situation, serious and even lead to cancel degree ordered to drop out of school.
Thus ensured that every exam smoothly for some classmate also caused a certain pressure.
Academic pressure is as the theme of the college students need to face forever, because of employment pressure caused by the new academic pressure also increased gradually.
College students in order to adapt to the demand of the society, turned himself into all-around talents, this needs to learn a lot of knowledge, to get all sorts of certificate to address employment.
The importance of learning a foreign language as well as the advantages benefiting from being bilingual, one should make an effort to be bilingual on the basis of owning the excellent major skills and a good comprehensive professional quality.
To have the command of a second foreign language gives you the decisive edge for competition.
Make use of your professional knowledge to find a suitable job.
With the progress of technology, the demand of labor force structure is not much change, namely to skilled workers, demand is increasing, especially a master craftsman and labor supply structure is to keep up with the situation, so that the lack of a certain skill of labor force is more and more difficult to find a job and an urgent need to mechanic especially skilled workers, and also can't find the right person.
For college students, is only the unilaterally with theoretical knowledge, lack of operation ability, it becomes difficult employment of college students.
Graduated from college students in the main areas of employment in the modern service industry.
If the rapid development of the tertiary industry can't.
Employment pressure is difficult to reduce.
Learn how to communicate with people is the first and most important step to enter society.
Modern college students' communicative difficulties main show is not an independent life, don't know how to communicate with people, don't understand as the principles and techniques.
In the face of setbacks and can not effectively adjust themselves to adapt to the new environment.
College students' social adaptation ability is low, school and society have differences, from graduation to employment, like baby weaning period.
In school by parents and teachers care and protection, while entering the workplace needs to be their own independent.
Some companies for new graduates show apathy, one of the important reasons is just graduated college students lack of work experience and life experience, role reversal is slow.
Want career development goes well, the need to constantly improve the good ability to adapt, such as establishment and strengthening their professional role consciousness, adjust life rule, improve the professional intelligent structure of as soon as possible, to establish a good interpersonal relationship, etc.
Face the challenge, must be comprehensively improve all aspects of contemporary college students comprehensive quality, especially ideological and moral qualities and legal quality, advancing with the times, to gain advantage in the fierce competition.
In a word, when college students after graduation, they should be responsible for themselves, moreover also should take the initiative to assume the responsibility of the family and society.
It is reported recently that two students who faked their ethnic identity to get bonus points in the college entrance exam has been punished.People's views about this phenomenon vary form one to another.Some people take it for granted since many people do so while some other people oppose.For me,I hold that integrity is a precious quality to pursue.
To begin with,the integrity is the basic principle for harmonious society.In today's society,integrity has been increasingly ignored by some dishonest people.So I think stressing the awareness of integrity in an urgent action.What's more,integrity is the key to get a long-term friendship.Everyone is eager to have a sincere friend and nobody likes dishonesty.People who are honest can always gain other's respect and friendship.Without integrity,we can't do anything.Moreover,the integrity is also one of our traditional virtues.As the old chinese saying,man cannot live without integrity.To be honest means that we should treat people heart and soul.In no case should we cheat other people.
All in all,integrity is to our life what blood is to our body.Integrity wins trust,respect and honor.So it is desirable that the government should take some immediate measures to punish the dishonest people.Only in this way can we live a better life.
Every one want to be triumphant,but only a few of them can make a great prosperity.Why?
Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.So of the greatest importance is your diligence.
When I was a middle school student,my study was so terrible that nobody intended to make friends with me.I was excessively lazy about the study.Then Mr Li who was my class teacher told me that the Senior Entrance Exam was critical to my success and if I was diligent ,the alternative were that I would do well.
Since then I got rid of the bad habit and learning more conscientious.From then on I was always wrapped in books,neglecting sleep and meals.Under the circumstances,I cannot learning unduly much.Because of this ,I was allowed to a vital school.
Lastly, I tend to tell you that if you are assiduous ,whatever you intend to do will be triumphant.
There's no doubt that,everyone has a dream,no matter it's small or big or even it's hard to be come true.As the saying goes,"Dream is the motivation for someone to go forward.
"Without dreams,your life may just like sailing without a campus.However, the fact is that many people will be defeated by the reality.As between the idea and reality,between the act and the motion,fall the shadow.Owing to this,many people having a dream always choose to accept the reality instead of insisting on their dream.As we all know,it's hard to combine their dream with reality well and make a balance between them.
From my perspective, what we should do the best is to try to narrow the gap between them.First ,we should never give up our dreams,because the process of struggling for our dream is so meaningful to our life.Furthermore,we need dreams,for they can give us a direction to find our way to success.More importantly ,being aware of the importance of the reality is of necessity.
Therefore, no matter how vague the dream is,the total hidden in our hearts,our feelings never be quiet,until the dream becomes a reality.
Dear friend.
Firstly,I'm pleased to see how honest you are.
The student who face the problem of a checkout assistant is the one who I want to talk with.The extra change does not belong to you,isn't it?I also think that woman is rude,but that's not the reason for you to take the money away.This ten-pound note belongs to the supermarket.In my opinion,if you are not pleased with the checkout assistant,you can find the manager first.Then give the money to him.And tell him your thoughts.That way is better than what you do,isn't it?Only get the things right to you.It's essential to taking only ten-pound note.
Yous sincerely.
Mr.Panda,Erick.
Without pain and struggle, life is never complete and successful.
It's widely acknowledged that Lu Xun is not only a writer, thinker, but also the fonder of Chinese literature.
favourite writer.
His success tells us we should struggle and work hard, that is very important for success.
Even if most of people don't understand when that time, he still chose going on his decision.
Lu XUn taught us we face with difficulty, doesn't easily gave up.
Only try, you can gain success.
Everyone wants to gain success, but they would not work hard and struggle, which impossible.
We have many difficulties, but we should look for true ways to solve it.
This example is educational, which is useful to us for our life.
All hard is valuable, so we should cherish.
Last, as long as striving and brave, difficulty is not a thing.
We hope everybody can come true dream.
As everyone knows, attitude is everything.
So, we should do with some problems with good mood or good attitude.
This week,students in our class discussed about the topic of"Should we keep animals in zoos".
Forty per cent of students thought that we should keep them in zoos.In their opinion,animals which were kept in zoos not only could be taken good care of but also could be visited by visitors.But the others sixty per cent of students had different thoughts.They thought that it's cruel of us to do so becauseanimal preferred to live in the wild rather than living in the zoos,although they would have shorter lives.What's more,animals which were trapped in cages would lose their freedoms.
I thinkwe should keep them in zoos,and it's neccessary forus to protect them ,for example,reporting any hurting of endangered animals is helpful.We also can protect their homes.
In our life,we must have many experiences that is unforgettable.As for me,I also had the experience.It occurred six years ago when I just was a little girl,I had to select a high school that is far away from my home,then I went to a strange place that was my first time I left my dear mother and father.
In my memory,the clear thing is the first day I went to a new school with my father,he was busy clearing my dormitory and making the bed.Finally,he must go home and let me stay the strange place alone,Especially,everything need to do by myself,so it made me worried and scared.
I chould have thought I was brave enough,but I was worry.when my father disappered at the gate of my dormitory,I was cried silently.At that time,maybe I just thought there was no sense of belonging.
After a month,the National day was coming,I can go home and see my mother and father.
I chatted with my mother about my school life at night and my mother told me a thing that made me change my mind about my father.She said that after my father went home,he also cried when they were eating food.I thought my father was worried about whether I was hungry.I could have thought father's love is deep and silent,so it does.Now I feel the love clearly,He likes a mountain to me,children also likes a crystal for parents.However,father just don't like to express his love.
From the experience,it gave me unforgettable memorise and moved me deeply,although it's a little thing.
I love my father as he loves me,he is my hero,Thanks for the love he gives me.At the same time,I hope my father will stay young forever and have a healthy body.
English as a lingua franca is used by many states in all the would.Under the globalization,every college students should learn English well.Now,let me tell you my English study plan.
First of all,to master a large number of words is the key to improve my English well.If I want to learn English well,I need recite words.So I plan to recite words every morning.Of course recite words are not enough,I think I also need to recite the grammar and phrases.Practice makes perfect.It is true in anything,so I plan to do a lot of English exercises.If I find I have something can't understand,I will ask my teacher for help.
Sometimes I think learning English is boring.So I plan to learn English from English songs.On the one hand,listening to music can make me feel relaxed.On the other hand,listening to English song can help me to learn English.In the same way, I will watch some English movies.I think in this way my spoken English will better and better.I also plan to find a friend who can speak English well.I want to make some dialogues with him.I think it is necessary for me to learn English.Of course if I can find a foreign friend,whose English is his mother tongue will be better.We can help each other.I can teach him Chinese.At the same time he can help me to learn English.
I think the most important things for me to learn English is working hard.
I will insist to learn English and I will make myself really love English.I believe if I study hard, my English will be improved.
It is more and more common that many cities are too crowded to have any space to live.
We can see many cars in the road, and many illegal buildings occupied the land.
But there are the phenomenon that living space is not enough.
As far as I'm concerned, what is the most important reason is the government doesn't establish some effective policies to make good use of land.
On the other hand, some companies didn't take their responsibility to use land reasonably.
Following it, the price of a house is higher and higher.
Many people have the heavy burden to pay for it.
So, the housing problem is severer.
To face this problem, it's necessary to depend on the government to make good policy.
And everyone need to protect our environment.
It was an evening in library that not breath was heard.
The great majority of students busy learning their own study.
Some are doing some hard thinking, some are taking the book from the bookshelf, and the others taking notes.
I was one of them.
After several minutes, a stream of light illuminates the window and then turns to the corner of my eyes.
It was too calm to hear the fire alarm from thousand kilometers away.
I cannot conceive of such a thing happening for the moment.
Presumably it would come near the library.
Although my eyes fell on the book, my mind was a million miles away.
I held my breath as heard carefully what happened next step was.
Some of student wasn't capable of commanding their mind to have a look.
Meanwhile, one of girl has ears which don't hear, a mouth which doesn't speak, and eyes that don't see.
She was silent that put heart and soul into the work.
After a while, I saw firemen run for the second floor with all their strength immediately.
I felt my heartbeat quicken as they approached.
I was still in a daze.
nevertheless my mind led me to go to the scene.
The fireman prepared for raising the man who is lying in the shelf unfortunately.
It was unclear whether there was any harm.
I can't go on, my mind tell me that it was not your business.
I was rigid with fear and was extremely stupefied standing several minutes just like a statue.
At first, I thought they were joking, but then I realized they were serious.
I fell through by this totally.
Nonetheless, my mind was in a whirl after all the scene.
Such scene makes me feel helpless indeed.
After such an experience, I learned a calm mind can win difficult.
We should remember the quietness is best.
The calmness is power.
The calmness is the result of long and patient effort in self -control.
Self -control is the competitiveness mastery.
Housework is so important that everyone did the housework.
Teenagers should help their parents do whatever you can.
At home,I often do housework.
First I always help my parents do the dishes after dinner.
Secondly my room is so messy that I have to clean my room.
Then I sometimes wash my clothes.
Last I even cook for my parents once in a while.
I am so happy that I don't feel tired.
Every family has a lot of housework.
I think it's our duty to help our parents do some housework and doing housework can not only learn new skills but also recognize the hard work of their parents.
The important that parents work so hard so we should help our parents do the housework so that they can have a good rest.
I am going to help my parents do the dishes and clean the room during the winter holiday and even cook for them.
At least I can lighten their burden.
With the development of economy , our government has an important thing is to develop our national's quality.
So more and more museums become free admission to people.
Museums is a place where recorded our national's and many technology products, even some things may be invented in the future.
So it is a good place for people to improve themselves.
But it would take some problems.
Such as thieves would break in and steal some important exhibits.
On the other hand, some business spy would steal our high technology products, or it is design.
There also have some people would break the exhibits.
In a word, free admission to museums has doubt qua-ll.
I think, if we can control our behave sand the museum can do the safety precaution better, may the problems would take place little.
And free admission to museums is really a good way for us to expend our horizon.
There is no denying that the symptoms of anxiety arouses wide students' concern.
Anxiety causes both physical and mental problem like dizzy,tired.
Tough tired,you can't fall asleep easily.
What's more,you will have a bad appetite,which make you more tired.
From my point of view,I have three methods to deal with this problem.
First,make a. approriate schedule of reviewing,in order to have a regular routine.
Second,sleep on time so that you can get up on time.
Last but not the least,taking a shower and drinking a glass of hot milk will be beneficial to sleeping.
My namd is Huang Yuqiao.I am 15 years old.
I graduated Bei Hai No.1 Middle School.
My favorites subject is Chinese.I think Chinese very much.And my English is not very good.I will do better.I like listen to music, i like read comics and novels.My hobby is painting and singing.I like watching TV.
I want to become a painter .I was wording hard for it.I want to make friends with some friendly and helpful people.I think play with them have fun.I think I will work hard in high school.Come on!
There is no denying that vehicles are a major source of urban air pollution.
Along with the increasing air pollution, various measures for dealing with the problem are widely taken around the world.
As far as I am concerned, it is a better way to use electricity, instead of petrol, as the source of power to make vehicles, because it will not increase the pressing air pollution.
As we all know, when burning petrol, it will release some poisonous gases.
Besides, carbon dioxide gas is the largest greenhouse gas.
For another, electricity is almost more available than petrol, because there are many ways to generate electricity, such as by harnessing water and converting mechanical or chemical energy.
Moreover, to use electricity as an alternative fuel will free us from the pressure of importing fossil fuels.
Accordingly, the cost of environmental protection as well as transportation will be lowered down.
In conclusion, it is an ideal way to deal with the problem of air pollution by using electricity as an alternative power .
With its widespread usage, the air pollution in our city will slowly weaken.
Madame-Madam , inclosed-enclosed , wich-which , recieved-received , infomation-information , quiet-quite , futher-further , produkts-products , cataloge-catalogue , availaible-available , diskount-discount , peices-pieces , compatable-compatible .
Frankenstein was a film that was directed by Kenneth Branagh.
The two main characters are Robert De Niro, played by monster, and Kenneth Branagh, played by monster.
Frankenstein is a young scientist from Geneva, in Switzerland, and his father is the most famous doctor in Geneva.
He discovered the secret that how to created life.
He trying to create life in his own house.
At a night, he created life, but that man looks like a monster, it is so ugly that nobody wants to be his friends, so the monster was revenged on Frankenstein.
He killed Frankenstein's brother and wife.
At last, Frankenstein and the monster are disappeared from the ice and snow to end his own life.
Frankenstein is a science fiction movie.
In my point of view, the monster is a nice person, but nobody wants to make friends with him, so he was very angry.
Hello, ladies and gentlemen .I am pleased to be able to thank you for listening to me.
My name is Z, a student from D university.
Today, I want to chat my career planning with you.
Since I was a child, I have seen a lot of stories about successful people.
The deepest memory is a pleasant boy called z.
He came to my school to do a speech during my senior year in high school.
He told us how he from an unimportant person struggled to Harvard.
Because of this speech, I read his book called "planning of life more exciting" and benefit a lot.
I find a universal truth that is in successful people's rules, there must be a plan.
Only have an exact plan, can you make your life more firm.
I am not a natural endowment student.
If I am, it would have entered the "985" prestigious universities.
But the failure in the college entrance examination did not put an end to my prestigious school feeling knot.
So I find I seem to have filled interest to English.
You know, excellent English level is the necessary condition of entering the famous university.
Then what I desire to do is how to learn it well.
I intend to spend two years passing the CET-4 and CET-6.
I will spare no effort in improving my English ability.
Another thing I insist is postgraduate entrance examination.
So, preparing for my plan is an indispensible job for me.
Take my classes for instances, I decide to pay more attention to my specialized course such as mechanics of materials.theoretical mechanics and higher mathematics, to make myself more outstanding.
As for my future, I am eager to join into a great automobile company and get my position.
By this token, my plan seems to be clear.
In fact, I have ever met so many bad phenomenon like lazy.
In the next time, I will adjust myself to hold on straight to the end.
We always do various plans to promote ourselves to succeed.
However, what we enjoy is not succeed, just the process to the victory.
I firmly believe planning of life more exciting.
And I trust I can go all out.
I'm now having the most important exam in my life.I can say nothing but thank to you both on this special occasion because words are failed when I think of the love you have shown on me.During the essential year,I spare every effort on study.So I get on well with the exam which I used to expected.I hope you can set your mind at rest.
After the exam,I will intend to do homework which I was seldom to do to help you.I would like to help cleaning first.What's more,it is cooking that I want to learn best.I mean to learn it and cook some great dishes for you.
Dear parents,everything is going on well.Don't be nervous about me!
Now, there are quite a few students being on hook to run away from the study.
The reasons are followed.
First, the class mostly take ours' precious sleeping time.
Second, the course is so single that students do not like to do this.
Finally, there are not teachers in the process of the class at all; it can give chance to some students to be on the hook.
Although being on the hook is convenient, it should also be banned.
This requires teachers check often and add some fun to the classes, so that students will love this course.
In this way, the problem of being on the hook can be solved completely.
There has appeared a boon of television PK shows these years.Television PK shows are often broadcast on special programs produced by various TV stations.
One of them, Super Girls, is reported to have generated more ratings than Spring Festival Eve Party of CCTV.
Television PK shows have caught sight of audience and there is a heated debate on this most eye-catching entertainment TV show with both hails and jeers.
Among the good words, quite a number of people hold that television PK shows provide a stage with equal opportunity for ordinary persons to display in public their talents in literature and art.
But some people argue that not all these shows produce a happy outcome.
Some mediums report that there are cheating in the course of assessment by some panel members.
A few candidates assaulted each others by unfair means in order to win.
What's worse, some crazy fans acted some uncivil behaviors.
Personally, I believe that the mainstream of television PK shows is good.
It cannot be denied that television PK shows have become a new form of entertainment and won certain popularity among audiences, though they have brought about some social issues.
Like any new social phenomenon, we should welcome and foster its good aspects and make efforts to solve the problems accompanied with them.
Many teachers more and more like to make their students study in groups.
Today we have a discussion about the question.
Some people think studying in groups is good with learning, because it can improve the ability about cooperating with others.
It can make us make progress together.
But others disagree with.They think it's may not good for us.
It isn't everyone can excrise for the students.
Even if some people who are lazy use the ready-made work.So it only can make the strong people stronger, make the inferior people less inferior.It's unfair.
In my opinion, groups cooperative learning can make us increase our friendship and make progress together.
It good for us at this point.But we should interest in studying,don't make the group cooperative learning become the way of the laziness.
A summer volunteer project will soon be started.
We are here today to recruit volunteers on the spot.
Our project aims at beautifying our environment and popularizing the notion of green.
The activity includes planting trees in the suburbs, watching the course of water-processing, making some leaflets on our own, and so on.
Bounded by the space, the poster can not give adequate coverage of the specific assignments but an outline.
We are here waiting for you in Room 211, Arts Building.
There are only one earth,so we must love her.But now,There are too much pollution on the earth,let me tell you something about it.
Everyday people throw away a lot of rubbishes into the sea and late.It kills the fish,there is fewer and fewer fish in the sea now.
There are many factories in our city,and there are lots of car.We burn things to make energy.And we cut done many trees,the forests are fewer and fewer.It pollutes the air.
There is only one earth,so we should stop doing the things to pollute her.I have some ways to protect our earth.
The first one,we can't catch lots of fish from the sea,and we can't cut done a lot of trees.But we can plant trees.The second,we can go out by bike or on foot.The third, we must take carefully to the water then we can't waste it.I am sure, if everyone try their best to protect the earth,the earth can be more beautiful than the earth now.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Fristly, learning English is our study duty.so we need to study English.
Secondly,we can know the history and development of English by studying English.
Finally.,we study English for communicating with people from all over the world better ,because English is the most famous language .
Recently some banks extend their business to university campus and offer credit cards to students.
The phenomena have aroused a heated debate on whether college students should use credit cards.
Some people claim that students can use the credit cards.
However, many other people argue that college students shouldn't use credit cards.
For my part, I support the second opinion.
First of all, I think that if university students have enough pocket money, they don't need to use credit cards.
As far as I am concerned, they don't have the ability to earn money on their own.
In case of that they make an overdraft, the affects will be very troublesome.
Then, under normal circumstances, their desire to purchase may be limited by their parents.
One day, they acquire a credit card which can allow them to draw several thousands of Yuan.
The situation is likely to lead to the vicious circle of consumption.
What's more, due to their age features, they don't think highly of personal credit.
As a result, the poor credit problem that owning to improper use of credit cards will appear very easily.
Furthermore, once the credit problem produces, they will have a shadow in the whole financial industry .Perhaps, they cannot handle any credit business (borrow a loan to buy house or car), and apply procedures of abroad study.
Especially in the future, China credit system will become more perfect, and credit problem will be particularly important.
Like abroad, it may result in cutting off of the water supply and electricity supply, and even bankruptcy.
In a word, I don't agree with the idea that advocating college students to use credit cards.
Also, I think it is inappropriate for college students to use credit cards.
Young Agam legs handicap, his mother to let him and the other children have what different, in his leg on a bracket.
In the face of passers-by to sneer, satire and puzzled, Agam's mother encouraged his son and others do not the same as what.
Agam's mother was a proud woman.
When Agam the school, mother wanted him to receive the best education, but because of Agam's IQ of only 75 points and must go to a special school.
His mother did not bow to fate, trying to get Agam to go to the best schools.
Agam has no father, but he has the best mother in the world.
His mother frequently encourages him not to lose confidence towards life.
Agam mother's encouragement to let Agam go forward the road in the future on the road of life, sincere face of life, suffering the optimistic processing.
Let him achieved many normal people have not reached the height.
Agam mother's practice greatly touched to me, every one of us should be positive and optimistic in the face of life.
When facing difficulty should persevere, responsible for their own lives.
It is considerable that people are not perfect and do make mistakes.
Nonetheless, when everyone makes a mistake, things will go wrong in a big scale.
In the same way, if one person holds a bad opinion and others are of the same view, the majority will have bad opinion.
In other words, the opinion of the majority sometimes might be a poor guide for us.
To begin with, the majority's opinion can be twisted by a singer person easily.
When a certain amount of people get together, a group is created.
And subsequently there comes the collective identity.
That is to say, the group will share the same thoughts and group members will support each other strongly.
For instance, Hitler planted seeds of hatred towards Jewish people due to his mother's death in his early age.
He also blamed Germany's defeat in World War One on Jews.
After he rose to the position of Chancellor, he convinced Nazi party that Jewish was a inferior race.
Since then, Jewish people faced inhumane persecution.
From the example, it is no doubt that a singer person's opinion can affect majority's opinion in a unimaginable powerful way.
Moreover, the group has formidable power and leads to unexpected consequences especially when the majority agree to each other.
A perfect example of this would be cyberbully.
Cyberbully often goes like this: someone said things that make a few people dissatisfied, then these people spread words and make anyone else resent the man.
And then a completely disaster follows.
The man will receive denouncement even including swear words from everyone on the Internet.
His or her privacy will be violated.
More often than not, cyberbully will end up with the man's breakdown.
Consequently, we should never disregard the power of a huge group of people and follow the crowd blindly.
The opinion of the majority may be twist by malicious man.
It will give rise to unexpected tragedies.
So the majority's opinion is a poor guide.
There's a proverb saying, golden time always flies quickly.
My senior school life is coming to an end.
At this very moment, i can't wait to express my gratitude to you from the bottom of my heart.
I can't thank you enough for the endless love and sacrifice for me, especially in Grant Three when I was burning the midnight oil.
I've always been fairly hard-working in return for your care, resulting in stable progress.
I bet it won't disappoint you that exams get on quite well due to my effort.
Last but not the least, I promise to help with housework to load your burdens.
Actions play louder than sound.
Trust me, I will spare no effort to live up to your anticipation.
There is a widespread saying that "the dream is a key to success" ,easiest as it is ,the saying ironically reflects the fact that strong will is the key to be a triumphant person who intent to achieve something , and it plays a vital role in our success.
Our life involves a great variety of obstacles and setbacks which may exhaust us .
What's more ,there are many temptation wait for us when we are striving for success in our way that is to tough dream .For example ,when we are doing our utmost to quit playing computer games ,our friends just play with great satisfaction.
Obviously, only with a strong will can we conquer ourselves and realize our goals and try our best on our dream way.
All in all , if you know your dream clearly ,you will have a direction to go ,then success will belong to you ,just as the popular saying goes :"where there is a will ,there is a way".
Dear little brothers and sisters,when you first stepped into our university,you must be excited about the new life and your bright future.Then always be positive and hopeful and remember that studying is the most reliable way which can lead you to your new life.
Initially,you must be clear of what you are going to learn.Not only should you have a good knowledge of your professional skills but you are supposed to be connected with other fields.
Secondly,the way of learning is also of great importance.In general,college study requires a sense of self-principle and self-control.Because now you are much more independent from your parents and teachers,there will be no one who is going to keep an eye on you,it is you who are going to be responsible for yourself.
Last but not least,to work out why you still have to study is quite significant.As a college student who is not mature and intellectual enough,you have to learn more to enrich yourself,broaden your horizon,promote your spiritual level and put your dreams into reality.In my opinion,what you learn decides who you are.
In all,I genuinely hope that you can take my advice and keep them in mind,living a meaningful and happy college life.
Since I've come into college, I feel different from high school.
Before we have fixed seat in the school, we don't feel bother.
Now that, we haven't fixed seat in college school, and before attend class, we must reserving a seat.
Then, on the hand, we can adjust to new environment, and also can improve our positivity and study consciousness.
But .on the other hand, this is bad for us.
Some students are late for class, and make oneself frustration.
Some students have no good self-control, it don't think that oneself seat.
Some students have disorder draw on the table and chair.
Sometimes, some students ruin table and chair, this cause don't attend class.
I think that oneself reserving a seat.
This is good for students, it's important that students must self-conscious.
We take good care of public property.
As more and more understanding about nature, environment protection becomes a hot topic.
So waste sorting is in the part of importance.
Nowadays, I will talk about the importance of waste sorting.
In fact, some people think it's unnecessary to sort waste, because they won't be affected at all.
They just move waste to dustbin from home.
However, they don't know that these wastes will be taken by truck and buried.
The problem is that some things of these wastes have more pollution.
For example, used batteries, kitchen refuse, plastics and so on.
Once all into the land, they will pollute the soil and the around water quality.
So some wastes can be degraded while others cannot.
Therefore, waste sorting is a must.
Then, we should keep our environment from pollution, and learn some knowledge about waste sorting so that we begin to sort waste when we take waste from home.
People throwing rubbish unsorted will bring some problems.
First of all, it causes a big waste of recyclable resources.
Second, rubbish should be recycled and reused but are mixed with degraded waste to buried, nor the land will be polluted.
It will add to the difficultly and cost of waste treatment.
For this purpose, we should pay attention to the importance of waste sorting and action right away.
Nowadays, the job market has a large competition.
Occupation searching becomes more and more difficult.
The future employment is worrying.
It is extremely significant to prepare for the future employment.
If we make no plans at present, we may be in a chaos in the future.
Later, facing different kinds of competition, we will be afraid to cope with problems in a calm mind.
As a college student, I think that we should make reasonable plans to brace for the future.
Studying professional knowledge is prime.
It is famous to us that character decides the fate, and knowledge changes our fate.
If a person has rich knowledge, the man will gain success in his values.
Apart from studying, having a good health is very necessary.
Moreover, employment pressure is so big that good health is basic.
Thus, we should exercise more and hold on it regularly.
Got along with others is very important.
In the society, the interpersonal relationship plays an important role.
Thus, we should exercise communication capacity more.
In the last, we must make analysis to current news so that we can make right decisions.
At the meanwhile, we should hold our plans in a firm faith.
As can be seen from the diagram, the past decade has dramatic changes in the percentage of college students taking part-time jobs between 1990 and 2010.
In 1990, no students take part-time jobs in the college.
In 2000, the percentage of students indicates a rise of 24%.
About 58% college students take part-time jobs in 2010.
As we can see, the percentage increased in past 20 years.
In my mind, the reasons why percentage of college students taking part-time jobs is rising are as follows.
First, more and more students think the part-time jobs experience is very fundamental for study.
Secondly, they take part-time jobs for living cost, because as adult they don't want to rely on family.
Finally, money is temptation, and students can make money from part-time jobs.
Now, many people give money to those who beg on the stressts.
Because they think this is a good thing to show their good and honest.
But in my opinion, I disagree this behavior.
In fact, It is right that help people who has truly difficult.
However, we can help them for the moment, but we can not help them forever.
So, they need to work.
If they have been to accept the help of the people, they will become lazy, greedy and unearned.
Besides, there are many fakers acted those beggers in the society.
They make use of people's compassion to give money.
It is very shameful.
Actually, I have a question why do they have to lie.
Maybe, this is a shortchu to make money.
But I think they can be completely self-reliant.
Either have their own dignity, and peace of mind to spend money .If people do not just give them money, then they will find their own work.
It is advantage of theirself and their family.
If they are really difficult, you can seek help from the government, or through the government to appeal to the people.
I think people should be careful to choose the people who really need help, rather than to help do not need.
Do not waste your kindness .
Listening plays an important role in our English study life.Or say,listening is the most important thing when we learn English.Just image,what would happen if you could not understand what people say?It must be that you can not do anything.Just like deaf.It's so terrible.You can not answer questions.You can not talk to others.All bacause of your poor listening ability.So we must take care of our listening ability and improve it.
Now,there is an another question.How to improve our listening ability?
First of all,doing listening exercises.This is the simplest and most effective way to improve listening ability.Second,you can listen English music and watch English movies.Learning in a relax environment can be more effective.If you can hold on to the last.You will be very good at listening.
According the story of A Rose for Emily, author wrote the story splitting into five different sections for Emily's life.
Emily is a member of a family in the antebellum Southern aristocracy; after the Civil War, the family has fallen on hard times.When Emily is about thirty years old, her father goes away but she don't accept it.After she understanding her father's death, she becomes friendly and then she meets up with her lover, Homer Barron.Although Emily is full of bright hope for marring him, Homer never thinks about marry with someone.In end,she eventually murders Homer and dies as recluse.Finally,her neighbors find that Emily has died for long time in her house.To make they amazed,Emily had bought for their wedding, lies the horribly decomposed corpse of Homer Barron on the bed; on the pillow beside him is the indentation of a head, and a single thread of Emily's now-gray hair.
Tess, the main character in Thomas Hardy's significant work Tess Of The D'Urbervilles, is a pure young woman with tragic life.
With the development of this novel, we learn about the aspects of Tess's life that inevitably lead to her tragic ending.
Totally speaking, Tess's death is due to her family backgrounds.her personalities and the moral root of society.
First of all, Tess's family backgrounds, in part, cause her tragic ending.
Tess's family lives a hard life.
Meanwhile, her father knows nothing but to drink.
What's worse, he just engrosses himself in the fact that he is the descendent of an ancient aristocratic family.
Moreover, Tess has six younger sisters and brothers.
Her mother just knows how to take care of the children.
As the oldest of the family, Tess must always take most responsibilities of caring for the family and bear the heavy burden.
Family backgrounds restrict Tess's choices, which is directly related to her later life.
Tess's personalities also lead to her death.
Tess is a very obedient girl.
She always follows her parents' advice.
Seduced by Alec, the master of the ranch, Tess doesn't marry him or live with him.
Even after giving birth to Alec's baby, Tess who is very self-respect and pure, doesn't ask any helps from him.
Even she suffers a lot from the poverty.
What's more, Tess is so loyal to her love.
Even Angel abandons her, she still insists on waiting for him.
With depression and no way out, Tess gets married with Alec, sacrificing her love for her family.
So Tess's personalities partially cause her own tragic ending.
Finally, the moral root of society gives deadly damage to Tess's life.
According to the conventional wisdom, Tess should become Alec's wife.
However, she chooses to leave him.
After Tess is seduced by Alec and has a baby, her neighbors don't show any sympathy for her.
Tess is always tormented by her sense of guilty.
What's more, because of the conventional moral root, Angel, Tess's true love who gives Tess sincere love first, chooses to leave Tess after knowing her past behavior.
The psychologies of the people include Tess herself basically cause Tess's miserable ending.
The combination of Tess's family background.her personalities and the moral root of society makes Tess's tragic ending.
In the end, she kills Alec and lives with Angel for several days, then accepts the punishment and ends her tragic life.
The first memory of my middle school is the fountain in the garden .
It is very big and beautiful .
When I finish my lunch , I always come there to have a relax .
I like dancing very much ,and It's my favourite activity when I was in my first grade .
I still remember my English teacher Ms.Tong .
She is so pretty that I can't help loviing her .
She is the best thacher who I have seen .She took us like her children and told us the knowledge .
My best friend in the middle school is Mengyu Zhang .We go angwhere together .
But she wasn't my Senior high school's classmate now .
Even though , she will always be my best friend forever .
And now , I even got a new friend Yuqian Li .
I promise that she will always with me in these three years and also forever too.
At present, Blog is a useful interface for people to release information, to communicate with others and to share her/his feelings with others.
As reported on China Daily, Blog has been used by more than 100 million people in China.
My school is very big.
There are lots of places.
Nonetheless my favourite is the classroom.
It is very big and bright.
There are also a lot of useful books.
Newspapers and magazines there.
Beacuse they not only give me much knowledge.
But alsoo help me learn a lot about what is happening around the word.
Sometime I feel.
I can also relax myself in the classroom.
When I feel tired and unhappy the classroom is the best place to go to.
My classroom is very nice.
Nowadays, there is a phenomenon that what relationship between teacher and student determines what effects of the student's study.
But in recent years, the relationship has changed.
Their way of getting along with is friendship.
If you ask me, I will support that friendship than traditional relationship.
First of all, the modern life has the modern human and students are even no exception.
At present, students are increasingly casual and they have their own thought so that they they will resist teacher's compulsory tasks.
In the next place, when teachers and students are talking like friends, students will tell more about their thoughts naturally and then teachers can help them by other means rather than talk to their parents.
At length, believe it or not, students have many stresses of study, not only from their parents'expectation but also for fear of their teachers.
If a teacher can make some topics that students are interested, their relationship will turn to friendship.
Friendship between teachers and students is good for students' study.
The more they believe each other, the more help the students can get.
When I was a little kid, I often imagine my future I really want to be a good teacher.
I think teachers are very kind who helps us study.
I think good with kids are very important.
I will hold a conversation, eye contact with my students.
Maybe they will think I am a good teacher.
I like to stay with kids.
They are so cute.
Working with kids won't waste much time, it is a happy thing but there are only a few teachers in China.
So many people do not want to be teachers.
Becuase teachers work hard and just have low income.
However, I decided to become a teacher.
PLSD to be advised that the cargo under Sales Confirmation NO J-29 has been shipped ,transport in HONGKONG by ship of "May flower".This appoitment deal by CFR.We have sent fax to you in March 15 2013 , so that you may arrange the insurance in time.
From the moment I saw your smile, as you opened the door and sat on the sofa, I knew that I wanted to share the rest of my life with you.
I still think how foolish I must have looked, as I gazed at you, that first time.
I remember watching you intently, as you took off your hat and loosely shook your dark hair with your fingers.
I felt myself becoming immersed in your every detail, as you placed your hat on the table and cupped your hands around the hot cup of tea, gently blowing the steam away with your pouted lips.
From that moment, everything seemed to make perfect sense to me.
The people in the restaurant and the busy street outside all disappeared into a hazy blur.
All I could see was you.
Then, after several months' observation and prying, your grace and your wisdom, your attitude to life and your aspiration for the future were all strongly impressed on my memory.
You were the glamorous and sunny girl whom I always dream of to share the rest of my life with.
Alas, actually you were far beyond my wildest dreams and I had no idea about how to bridge that gulf between you and me, so I just wait,wait,wait...
I have a friend, his name is Bob.Today is the birthday of his 13 years old.His favourite colour is green.His favorite sport is playing basketball.He went to play basketball after school every day.He likes the spring.Because he loved flowers so he likes flying kites.
It is quite important for us to do some exercise.
And now, person take part in a lot of sports.
Such as running jumping and swimming.
My favourite sport is playing tennis.
I often play tennis on sundays when I am free.
Sometimes I play with my friends after school.
Sometimes we play in the tennis club.
When I play tennis, I feel happy and relax.
It also makes me healthier and taller.
Nowadays,in our campus,we can see the phenomenon many students waste a large quantity of energy,water and other things.It's crucial to create a conservation-oriented campus.Here are some reasons.
Firstly,the society is a conservation-oriented society so we should save more resources as possible as we can.Secondly,the resources in our earth are becoming more ang more lacking of,we ought to leave some of them for our later generations.Thirdly,saving energy may reduce our expense.
As far as I'm concerned,we students ought to do something from ourselves.When we leave our classroom remember to turn off the lights and don't forget to turn off the tap after we use water.Besides,we'd better avoid using some disposable articles.All in all,we should cultivate good habits in our daily life.
In a taxi to school, I found no money with me .Doubtful ,I tried again,coat,pants .But still nothing.
"Poor guy" I grunted,noticing you were immersed in the joy of recalling the time.
An idea jumped out at my mind when I pretended to listen to you.
Once got off I would run away.
"The car stopped suddenly ,Considering you will capture me I decided to tell you the truth.
"Free, little girl "you said before I opened my mouth, "I said I was a skilled driver, so I knew what happened, but don't forget to check your pocket next time,and best wishes to your examination"then you drove away.
I am indebted to you ,my friend, but I believe the best way to pay you back is to pass your kindness on.
In 1963, human invented cloning.
Cloning technology has three stages, the microbial cloning, cloning and the cloning of animals.
Cloning is a new discovery.
I think cloning is good.
First, Cloneing can save endangered species.
We can use cloning technology to improve with diseases of animals.
Cloneing technology can help those animals which have something wrong that they born with.
Secondly, Cloneing technology will take people more advantage.
Cloning technology can save people's life.
And help people to live forever, cloning can help people to do some which people don't want to do.
Thirdly, cloning technology can make plants to provide more oxygen to human beings, cloning technology can offer people food.
Human need to eat meat, so we can use clone technology to make more meat.
In 1997, cloning sheep Dolly born, he proved the success of cloning technology.
So, I think cloning technology is correct cloning technology will make our life better.
Can we bring good effect, can improve the quality of the future life.
At contemporary society,compared with women ,men have a big advantage in job-interview in the fierce competition for talent.
As for the phenomenon,the factors that contribute to it can fall into three categories,which will be articulated in the following aspects.
First of all,when it comes to the physical labor,women have less power than men.
Second,most women are lately involved to the society and hence they have less experience than men.
Last but not the least,women need to pregnant in the beginning of their work.
That's to say,they may need a long rest .
Based on the factors referred above,I think a correct attitude is that whether to choose one or not depends on the ability to him rather than the sexism .Put another way,sexism is dispensable.
We should know every enterprise just need a talent rather than a man.
This summer vacation doesn't like usuai, I didn't go to the beach or other places.Because I have found more valuable thing to do-----learning dancing.
Dancing was tired especially sweating in summer.It's very uncomfortable.But I enjoyed it.I was so happy that I got great progress.It improved studing hard will bring payment.
There are many types of learning.
Way of Learing differs from man to a man.
Different people have different ways of learning.The study method has good and bad.
Learning what I like best is reading books and taking notes in class.
This includes remember words in morning .
I love this learning method is because I think it suitable for me.
On the one hand.According to reports this learning method can further understand of text meaning.This learning method can improve my level.
Make me quickly into the learning state.
I'm more easily understand the teacher's meaning and Mmake me in class has a high efficiency filter so as to achieve better results.On the other hand Reading requires a lot of time and effort.This may let us haven't enough time to play.Nevertheless.
i think is worth learning.
In conclusion.The correct learning methods are intensely essential to people.I hope people have the suitable learning method.
There are many reasons for it.
Firstly,English writing is a very efficient approach to communication.Communication at work occupy a vital initiative,no communication,no result.It's vital to use English writing to communicate with your boss when you work in a foreign company.
Secondly,it's one of the basic skills for an internationalized talent.If you are good at writing,you will benefit from it .
Last month, our school organizes an exam which has up to 100 students who participated in it.
To my disappointment, the day that announces the list of grades, I found that my grades were at the bottom of the report card.
However, my friend, Tom who always study hard, was at the top of all students who took part in the exam.
I felt frustrated deeply, at the moment, Tom who was a warm-hearted, suggested us should make progress together, and agreed to help me make up a missed lesson and moved out of the poverty.
In order to get better grades, I made up my mind to make efforts to study hard from that moment.
I decided to take measures to improve my grades that I can catch up with Tom and other students who are better than me in the next exam.
But the most important thing for me, Tom set a good example and perform an act of kindness for me, which encourages me to set a goal, I will do something hard to make sure that I could make progress.
The Spring Festival is approaching.It is one of the most important festival of China,which means familiers get together.
This year,my Spring Festival is fantastic as usual,however,it is meaning to me.
During the Spring Festival,I can relax myself by various activities,such as reading and playing games.If I want,I can also visit my grandparents who love me best and care me very much.
Of course,eating kinds of delicious food attracts me,as well.
The most exciting time is that when my family watch TV together.We watch CHUN WAN every year.Although many people think it is boring,I also like it,because it is a symbol of the Spring Festival.When it is twelve'o clock,we eat dumplings,which smells good.
This is my Spring Festival.It is common,but it is full of happiness,hope and love.
There are two main views on campus love.
That is against or accept .
Both of them have abundant reasons.
Some people are strongly against campus love.
Firstly, they think they will be apart some day.
Secondly, campus love is dependent on true emotions but we may have to take material basis into consideration instead of soul unison when we step on society.
Last but not the least, the university students are immature to step into marriage.
However, some hold the opinion that campus love is wonderful to perform.
Those who think so may focus on romantic love.
Moreover, they think it can overcome all the difficulties in life such as financial problems , family background, racial differences and so on.
In my opinion, campus love is so purity that it's worthy of experiencing due to its truthfulness.
If we can go further, we will build a happy family.
If we say goodbye to each other after graduation, this memorable period will also become perish in our life.
Some of us feel dizzy and weak,quite a few have a bad quality of sleep,some even have no appetite.
In order to get over all these sympathies ,I would love to share some methods with those students.First things first,make a suitable plan before the exam is of great importance.Besides,try to balance study and rest as usual,stay up too late does harm to our health.What more,taking a warm bath and drinking hot milk before go to bed,it can give you a sweet dream.Last but not least,why not listen to some soft music to relax our minds?
In my point of view,is the healthy of our bodies not the grade that matters,try to keep calm before exams and you are sure to get a ideal grade.
People are all different, after graduation from the University, some people choose to go to the big city of development, anther people choose to small and medium city development.
Living in a big city with convenient transportation, complete infrastructure, but the attendant is the work pressure, consumption level is higher; if in the small and medium-sized city life, the air is relatively good, small working pressure, opportunity.
Recently,it has been growing up to public focus whether Postponing retirement age is possible,although now men retire at 60.Late or early retirement age both have two sides.
Firstly,from a firm's perspective, it needs to get new blood, cultivate core talents to keep thriving.The high-level employees retiring earlier will free up the posts for young men with brain,passion and drive.
Secondly, from the social perspective,the high-level employees retiring at the age of 55 may reduce unemployment, helping for the social stability.The employment and the promotion have been two plights for the new generation.The unemployment rate is the barometer of social stability.The retirement of the elder implies the promotion of the younger,while some young employees promoting signifies the opportunities for the unemployed.It creates a virtuous circle.
Finally,retiring earlier is also benefit for these high level employees,who maintain a long status of spending little time on their families and doing what they like,except work.After retiring,they could redesign and enrich their left-time,such as enjoying family happiness,travelling,doing what they've been dreaming, entertainment and so on.
In a word,That companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 will probably achieve "triple win"----instilling energy into enterprises,making way of the young and taking a colorful and meaningful life for the retired.
Before people are connected by the way of writing.
Now, with the popularity of network connect people more convenient.
But through the network communication is good, or bad.
On the one hand, through the network can make many friends; on the contrary, the popularity of the network makes people reluctant to step out of the house, stay at home, make people become indifferent.
So I think the Internet is a good and bad things, can use, but can't completely depend on.We should get out of the house, to meet all kinds of people, not to indulge in the network.
From the picture,we can know a phenomenon,the number of college students taking part-time jobs is more and more from 1990s.The reason can be attributed to two general causes.
For one thing,many graduates are lack of working experice nowadays,so more and more students choose to do some part-time jobs when they are in the school,it can hlep them to stand steadly in the society,when someone has both threoy and practice,he will have bigger competition.
For the other thing,with the living standard improving,some students spend more money than their parents give,so their living expenses are not enough,they must take part-time jobs to regard as pin money.
Because of the two reasons,the pacentage of college students taking part-time jobs rising up so fast,and in the future, there will be more students taking part in it.
The falcon-wing doors, more than being called as a door, while definitely pursue aggressively an innovative style, do always lay stress on the importance of its Function even in the first place.
Not too much space is needed when the door opens, as a result, even if the narrowest parking lot can be easily coped with.
Furthermore, it's very convenient for you to get in the car instead of boring into.
Now you finally have a good access to enjoying your comfortable car life, not bothered by the gasoline pump.
Because not a single drop of petrol is necessary to energy the Model X. Tesla replaces gas guzzler and plays an important role in reducing exhaust emission.
To achieve an incredible driving distance only needs a 60 or 80 kWh battery which is absolutely in your choices.
Reading is one of the most important student's technology.
Students do it everyday.
the need a lot of knowleges.
are reading.Because that can make you brain exciting.You can do something more quickly.
But don't reading too much.Because you need to relax.Reading too much may make you tired.
make youself happy is to do something you like to do.
You should try your best to read.But don't do it only.You can also write something and listen to the tape at the same time.They can help you read better.
Nowadays,more and more serious environmental pollution.
Environmental pollution is one of my most concerned about social issues.I think person waste serious now.Environmental pollution in many aspects.For example:factory pollution,agriculture pollution,throw rubbish casually and automobile exhaust emissions and so on.
Environmental protection is our most important task at present.In order to reduce the pollution to the environmental,I think country should publish some policies.Reduce the number of large ractory.Less private cars and by bus or bike.Forbidden to dumping sewage and rubbish in the river.
Finally,I believe in our common efforts of environment will become better and better.Take action to protect our home.
Because of company has won a large export order,so i will organize foreign language training for some.6 person should attend it.There are Zhangxue,Liuying,Shangyuemei,Yangyuan,Zhangchuli and Sunnan.The training will hold in the next 5 p.m on Friday night.
Recent years, I have heard much news that about some college students try to commit suicide in their teens because of various mental diseases.
It's of great significance to solve this serious situation.
In my opinion, schools can make the most essential effect on college student's mental health.
Family's care is also very necessary.
A talent student is not only good at study, but also has a healthy mental.
So it's necessary for schools to offer some psychological courses for college school students.
From this class, students can learn how to control their bad emotions and how to be relaxed from their busy studying.
If the conditions exist, schools can invite an expert who is experienced at mental research.
So that students who have mental problems could ask him for help in time.
I think it can reduce the suicide rate efficaciously.
A harmonious family will influence students' thought at everything and give them psychological support.
We can't ignore families' influence.
Every one of us could be healthy and happy with the mental care of schools' and families'.
Youth is the best time of a person's life.
Treasure your young life and try your best to make it wealthier.
In China,many students never say "thank you" to their parents.
First, one kid only is very in common in most families.Sometimes they may thank others for little things,but take their parent's love for granted.Second,when they grow up and go to colleges,they may have many things to do for themselves.So they have little time to say thanks for their parents.On the other hand,even if they realized that they owe their parents a lot.They still don't know how to express their gratitude to their parents.They may think that it is a little strange.
First,parents shouldn't indulgence their kids.At the same time,parents could create the opportunities of saying thanks to them for their kids.Second, I advise that colleges should set some lessons to let they realize how hard their parents done for them.And they need to express their gratitude to their parents.last,as college students,should take a part-time job.It can let they learn a lot.And they should not only care about themselves,but also their parents.
At present, cellphones are widely used.
It is very popular among young persons.
Some people think students shouldn't be allowed to use cellphones at school while others disagree.
People who suppose students to use cellphones at school said that make it possible for parents to know more about students' school life.
They also think use cellphones won't have a serious influence on students.
Of course, not all people think so.
Most of people think students shouldn't be allowed to use cellphones at school.
In fact, many parents did so.
They are worried that students use cellphones to play games at school.
They even think the reason why students are weak in studying is that students use cellphones at school.
In a word, different people have different thoughts.
In my opinion, that all depends on students' self-control.
I think students shouldn't be allowed to use cellphones at school.
After all, we don't have enough abilities to control ourselves well at this age.
I was going over when my roommate watched the football match on the Internet.
He was very excited and cheer his favorite team.
Not only his but also the game's sound was so loud that I can't word.
So I was very angry.
I asked.
He agreed and said sorry to me.
In the recent years, the tourism has become more and more popular .more and more people enjoy spending time in travelling .especially teenagers and adults.
Because travelling nowadays is more and more cheaper.Moreover.it benefit people.
Not only make people cheerful and relax but also open peoples eyes.
Learn about the world.Thus.the government introduce a series of policies to courage people to be tourist.
Because the development of tourism can improve local economic growth.
In order to attract tourist, a lot of stores .hotels and restaurants will be built.
No doubt.
It brings the local people income.
Every coin has two sides.
There are a lot of disadvantage of tourism.
With the increasing of the tourist .Interest place has faced the worse and worse destruction.
It has a bad effect on the environment.
Visitor will leave the rubbish after hanging around the building.
Some of them does not know how to preserve the environment .Moreover, the increasing of tourist cause the traffic problem.
The more tourist .the more car.the more gas will be pulled out.
During this time, the policemen will have a difficult time to keep order.
However, its advantage is always overweighed to the disadvantage .I think, authority should balance this phenomemon,take some measure to deal with this problem.
For the first of all ,the number of visitor in one area should be limited properly .secondly, visitors awareness of protecting the environment should be developed .only by doing these, can we enjoy ourselves while build the friendly-environmental society.
Nowadays, millions of workers flock into cities in search of jobs and better living.
However, with the sharp rise in the population, many problems arise in the development of cities.
housing,education and so on.
Second, a growing number of cars produce huge carbon dioxide, leaving the air mercilessly polluted.
Third, it is important to deal with the rubbish properly in cities.Otherwise it may cause a lot of problems.
Fourth, the city is also threatened by rising crime.
Not a single day passes without the report of someone being robbed, kidnapped or murdered.
Last but not least, city-dwellers are not only separated from the natural world but also isolated from each other, even not knowing the name of their next-door neighbor.
All these problems have harmed the attractiveness of the city.
Unless there is some improvement, more and more people may seek to live in the suburbs.
My favorite person is the mother.First, she gave me life, I came into this world.From childhood, she taught me to Know - and how based on social.She is very warm to others.Therefore,Her popularity is particularly good, the people around all admire her, so she has always been my role model.She was very considerate of my father.
My mother is very good on my grandparents, I made a good example.So every time to go home I will chat late into the night.Between us there is no secret, the equivalent is a very good friend.
Each house guests, and she taught me how polite.Can reflect the tutor and the training is how some of the details?
Although she is only an ordinary kindergarten teacher, but in the ordinary post, he made extraordinary achievements.It is her usual strict asked me to develop good habits.
As I was walking into the lobby of the hotel, I noticed someone that really attracted me.
He was a tall western boy with towering blonde hair, which made him conspicuous among a group of Koreans.
He spoke in a exaggerated way with rich facial expressions; sometimes raised his eyebrows and lifted up his eyes, sometimes opened his mouth and lolled out his tongue.
He worn normal cloth but showed uncommon with his hip-hop jeans; he carried a large traveling bag, waiting in the lobby, exciting .
I did not travel in Korea or work in a hotel that time, actually, I served as a volunteer in IEF( International E-sports Festival ) to receive international players, he was one of them.
I walked towards him and asked whether he needed help, obviously he was waiting for someone helping him to check in.
As I was getting through the formalities, he asked me a number of questions in English.
', whereas some of them were quite difficult with English phrases I was not familiar, like 'When should us draw lots?'.
I had a really frustrating hard-time answering those difficult ones.
Few seconds later, a friend of him came, a cool western boy who opened his arms giving him an embrace.
What happened then made me speechless.
Those two western boys started to chat, with standard mandarin and uneasy Chinese phrases, they talk about the weather, they game they played and all topics that normal Chinese would have.
Noticed my embarrassed expression, he turned to me and said jokingly 'You speak like English, your cockney is really good, but, you did not know I can speak Chinese!'.
If you were the third party who stood with us, you might see that funny scene.
A Chinese girl was staring with poker-face at a western boy who was grinning like a Cheshire cat.
We have become friends since then.
Lawrence, a big boy from Wales, having been in China for 3 years.
He can speak pretty good Chinese but does not know even one Chinese characters; he always speak Chinese with his western friends, but only English with me.
We get in touch with each other pretty close, but one may get mad when reading our massages, usually half in English and half Pinyin.
However, I have to admit that his Pinyin is better than mine.
The latest example is that I texted him to 'let me know if you qi chang le (see, half Pinyin)'.
How can you teach me Chinese don't even know Pinyin'.
And that is not the only example though.
Among my several friends from Britain, he is the most quirky one.
I regard him as one of my most important friends because he makes me believe that 'culture' is the boundry that you can break by yourself.
Si Maguang is clever since he was young.
When he was seven years old, he saved his friend with his intelligence.
One day, Si Maguang played with his friends in a yard.
When they were playing hide-and-seek, a child fell into the tank suddenly.
Because he shouted fearfully, many children cried.
Some of them wanted to go out of help.
But they don't find any adult.
At that time, an idea came into Si Maguang's head.
He asked some children to find a big stone and then he used the stone hit the tank.
The tank was brokened, and the child who was in trouble became safe.
From the story we can know,Si Maguang is very clever.
But the most important thing is keeping chill when you in trouble.
There is a old saying,you are precious treasure when you have a mother.From this we can feel the greatness of love from mother.
She gives me a chance to see this wonderful world.She brings me up carefully.She teaches me a lot about how to deal with others and remain good relationship with them.Without mother I do not know what I will be like.Without mother my life would be in mass.Without mother my life would be different from today.
From mother I learnt a lot.Her diligence tought me that if I wanted something I shoud get it by my own hands.Her selfishlessness tought me that if I wanted love I should care about everyone.
Nowadays, university is a free and creative place where college students develop their talents.
So, I believe that college students should be optional courses.
Because it can make students study effectively, exercise ourselves take part in joining more practical activities and learn diversified courses.
Course selection guide our study efficiently.
Generally, students choose classes precisely and don't have problems of wasting time.
Like marxism-leninism, we can study after school or class.
Because there are few students listening to the teacher carefully in class.
Some are playing mobilephone, others are sleeping.
In addition, we are also an open-book exam.
I really think it's unnecessary.
We can use this time to have classes that we like.
Course selection can give us enough time to take part in more social activities.
Because we wouldn't like to have some courses, like non-professional courses, and some meaningful and interesting activities are held on campus.
Nevertheless we can't take part in the activity, just for marks.
So, I think select courses can make college students do a reasonable schedule, and take part in them in a reasonable time.
Course selection is diversified and we can learn different classes to enrich our knowledge.
Because we are according to our interests to select classes.
We also want to get more knowledge to prepare for our future job.
And we can also study other countries' culture and language to make more friends.
It is convenient for us to go abroad, too.
Besides, we can obtain more certificates by different learning.
In my view, I think we should select courses.
Because course selection has many great reasons, such as enriching our knowledge and visions and taking part in many social activities.
We should insist on our ideas about course selection.
If we want to be a successful preson,not only should we have abundant knowledge related to our major,but also we should cultivate several favourable personalities to promote our success.
Firstly,I should be more diligent.We all know the old saying that:Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.No one was born to be successful,what behinds the glory of success are always the perspiration and tears that person hasa devoted.For me,I was always afraid of piles of works and appears to be lazy.I can find a lot of excuses for my sloth.Now,if I want to be successful,to be diligent is teh first step.
Secondly,I should be brave.What I mean here is to overcome the timid and weak-willed nature.Life is always full of misery,no on can really make clear of what's going in the future.I'm young and energetic,I have the chance to experience failure and grow up.So I should build up my courge to face the hardship.
Thirdly,I should be modest.I'm a kind of person who enjoy the life we have now and feel satisfied of what I've already have.But teh fact is that there are many people who are more talent than you,what I can do is learning from everybody.Even though someone may not as excellent as you are,they must have some personalities that we don't have.Learning to listen to others rather than showing off yourselves.
I should say there are many personalities I should have if I want to succeed,but the above three are basic steps for me to begin my way of success.
My first day in Senior High school is wonderful.Although it's the same place with my Junior High,my feeling is different.
My first memory of school is the buildings.The shape of buildings looks like the letter "E".My first teacher is a conscientious woman called Ms Liu.Then she let us introduce ourselves to each other in the first lesson.It's my favourite activity when I was in first grade,because I can know about others easily and quickly.My first best friend is Li Yishu.She is enthusiastic and extroverted.I think she is always my best friend.
This is my first day at my new school.I maked many friends.And I like the school very much.
I'm interested in sales staff.I'm seventeen years old and i'm still at school now.So i can only work on the weekends.I don't have the experience in this job.But i believe i will do my best to do this job.I have lots of advantages to do this job.First of all,My mother is a businesswoman in clothes,and i learn a lot of things from her.Second,i'm very outgoing ,and i think i'm so easy to make friends with a stranger quickly.Third,my english is very good ,i think i have no difficulty in talking with others in english.
I look forward to getting this job cause i need the money to afford my study.Thank you so much.
My name is Z, I am not opposition to students bring mobile phone to school.
Because mobile phone is convenient that we can use it to make communication to our parents and friends, and it gives our great delight.
There are also having some problems when we bring mobile phone to school, we disturb teachers and students while we use mobile phone, chating and writing message in mobile phone wastes time and money, mobile phone is serious harmful to our when we playing games and cheating in examinations.
Fristly, if our bring mobile phone to school, we can't use it to play games or cheat in.
Secondly, when we are in class, we shouldn't use it.
Lastly, mobile phone is valuable and we must to gives it to ourselevs for safekeeping.
Tourism plays an important role in promoting the development of economy society.
Tourism as a smokeless industry, has its developing space, with the reform and opening up policy being carried out, tourism makes a great progress.
Tourism contributes to the increasing of the service industries, it also transforming the transportation, and encouraging the culture and the sport improves to a high level.in addition this, developing tourism needed more workers to provide their labor force, therefore, its great benefits to those people who do not have a job.
Tourism is of great help in reliving the pressure of employment.
As the increasing of the tourist, tourism gives rise to a number of problems.such as the nature environment was being polluted.
With the frequently using of the transportation, it discharging waste gas, which makes the air and water polluted.
What's worse, many tourist spit rubbish everywhere and touch some precious culture relics, those bad behaviors lead to the damage of these culture relics; it becomes a burden to our developing.
Everything has two sides, tourism has its advantages and disadvantages.
Therefore, we should balance the advancing and back.in my opinion, the government must take the lead in growing the economy.
It's necessary for them to absorb innovative talents and new technique.
What's more, it's also very important for us to prove our quality.
Only when we did this can we protect our environment.
The industries should change the way it developed, on one hand, transforming mode of economic growth; on the other hand, changing economic thought.no matter how we growing economy, we must put the environment at the first place.
Nowadays, air pollution has become one of the main environmental problems of the world.
It not only impacts on human health, but also does harm to plants and animals.
People all of the world will try their best to reduce air pollution.
The cause of air pollution is the burning of fossil fuels which produces large amounts of carbon dioxide and nitrogen oxides.
So, we can use clean energy to slow down the air pollution.
On the one hand, now, with the economic development, the number of private cars grow rapidly.
And it will emit large quantities of carbon dioxide.
We can use natural gas, solar energy, etc.
instead of gasoline to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
On the other hand, increased use of electrical appliances requires more fossil fuels, we can use solar energy, tidal energy and wind power generation in order to reduce the development and use of fossil fuels.
It is because fossil fuels are limited, but clean energy like wind power is infinite which can be a steady stream of use.
In a word, we should take effective measures to improve our air quality.
With the development of science and technology more and more students use mobile phones ,and the existing is becoming more and more popurlar.
There are sides of oppions about it.Some students who are in faror of using phone can get a mass of information by surfing the internet.What's more,the phone have played an important part in our daily life.
However,others think that it is bad for our study to use phones.If you love playing games.
Due to play games.As a result, you will waste a lot of time by playing games.
Maybe you don't want to study hard.
From that I said above,I think it is very convenient to call our friends and family to keep our relationship.We can listen to music to kill the time.
When we are very bored.
But just a popur saying goes:every coin has two sides.It's bad for our eyes or health.
The academic dishonesty on campus increasingly become a heated topic recently.The topic means a lot of college students copy papers from Internet to save the trouble of doing the assignments.
