What's more, the cultural value of the sites can't be reckoned as the number of money.
They cohere the wise of our ancestors and be worth for us to learn and memory them.
Lastly, travelers come to the sites during the peak travel seasons and the throngs would be harm to the tourist sites.
No matter it is the rubbish that tourists leave or the damage to the public installation even the historical relics, these will cost much to clean up and repair.
For this reason, it is necessary to charge higher entry fees during the rush time.
For those travelers who don't want to spend spare money, they could avoid the peak time to visit which not only save the money but also alleviate the crowd situation of the sites.
According to the above analysis, I argue that famous Chinese sites of historical interest should charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons.
However, there are still many points need to be made better.
I hope there is one day that once people mention the sites of historical interest, they would have the impression that those are the cultural wealth of our country while not the boring spots and high entry fees.
Stress is the body's reaction to a change that requires a physical,mental or emotional adjustment or response.
It is inevitable in everyone's daily life.
We may feel stressful from time to time.
Fierce competition,academic pressure,family troubles,they can all lead to stress.
The first thing we need to do is treating stress with lifestyles changes.
Reasonable lifestyle is the footing stone of health.
We can try exercising regularly.
Make a time schedule about what you must achieve every day.
For example,morning exercises from 6:30 a.m to 7:00 a.m, jogging or taking a walk for half an hour and ensuring noon break no matter what happens.
Apart from your work time,you ought to consider when to relax.
It would be quite helpful to practice yoga after long-hour tense work.
Forget anything that bothers you,take a deep breath.
Then have your heart unfolded with your body stretching.
You will feel absolutely relieved once you are lost in the slow pace of yoga.
In addition,find something that really interests you.
Develop it as a hobby,and do it frequently.
When you throw yourself fully into it,the so-called stress will never be a problem.
Experts who study stress also encourage to do some mental activities as stress comes from spiritual level to a great extent.
As the famous saying goes, "An optimist sees an opportunity in every calamity; A pessimist sees a calamity in every opportunity".
The essence of things is determined by people.
If you can think of them positively,you will successfully transform hardship into chances,so does the stress.
What's more,stop worrying about the things you cannot change.Take one of my classmates as an example.
He was always frowning whenever I saw him.
He would then list some trivial matters like being criticized by teachers,tumbling while on his way to school.
He might even complain about the bad weather that day.
If you don't want to resemble my classmate with miserable look on his face all day, just make changes as quickly as possible.
Last but not least,stand up for yourself.
Tell someone you trust about your stress.
Researchers in San Diego Medical Center once organized 50 retired soldiers and 36 medical workers to be involved in the research on the effects communication has on relieving stress.They find that almost everyone's pressure has been dispelled obviously.
So keep in mind that communication with your friends is always better than enduring alone.
Like an inflated balloon,if you are not willing find somewhere to leak the air,you will just become more and more afflictive.
Stress is not so terrible or invincible.
You had better take courage and confidence to deal with it rather than escaping from it.
So long as you succeed in handling it,you will find how smooth and happy life can be all of a sudden.
Mr.Smith is our new spoken English teacher.He comes from Canada.He is a enthusiastic man with glasses and is of medium height.He makes a deep impression on me.
We all like him because he is humorous and outgoing.When we have difficulty in speaking English.He will help us to solve them.He is strict with us though he is a easygoing man.
I believe I can make progress in speaking English.
Since we entered the 21st century,our economy rapidly developed and influenced the development of science and technique that we can easily come into contact with a great variety of digital products.
These products enrich our life, but also bring bad effects into our life.
It is saying goes:Children are the futures of a state.
In our society, it is very convenient for them to receive the best education through a great variety of digital products.
Nonetheless it also has some temptations on computer attracted them that it is one of the reasons they play computer every day.
In my eye, children use computer everyday not only does harm to their physical health but also has bad influences on their mental development.
Using computer everyday may hurt their eyes and children always full of curiosity about everything.
They are easily attracted by something on computer that does not suit them.
These things will take bad effects to them.
In my mind, children should not use computers every day and they should have more contact with their parents,contemporary and their friends.
It has more benefits on their growing.
Now,many problems about education were exposed to parents and students.Therefore,In recent years, a growing number of people have begun to challenge the reliability and feasibility of examinations.Because of the way of examination,students must study hard to pass the exam and achieve high grade.,which they have a chance access to go to colleage.
Some people hold the belief that we must follow this education which make a lot of students become better while others argue that the fashion of examinationsis wrong.However,I suppose the way of examinations have its advantage and disadvantage.And the education of china is a crame teaching.We should admit that there is a real limits to a lot of students to do their own things.They have to read books and take exams all the time.Furthermore,most of the students' health become poor and poor.They have no time to do exercise.As a result,Many students attend competition all over the world and achieve good performance.
The examinations of china is not wrong completely.However,some things should be correct.School should give students more time to do their favorite things.Theacher do teach their students how to study it not to what to study.I believe our students will become more excellent.
Although American venture capital firms have accumulated expertise over the years at home, they are facing obstacles in exploiting the European market.
The challenge mainly exists in combining US venture investing with local culture, which refers to the widespread entrepreneurship, regional opportunities, and forthcoming deregulation.
Despite the challenge, American VC firms remain optimistic and consider the market prospect in Europe as alluring and favorable.
It is obvious that there are lots of differences between college and high school study.
As we had become a college student for one and a half years.we should know more about that.
you should know at college we do not have an certain place providing for us to have classes.
Usually we should change our classroom in different time .that isquite difference from the way we study when we are in high school.
Maybe there is the biggest feature of our college life, therefore ,more students are crowded with a huge classroom.
Limitted teaching sources are occupied by more students.
because of this reason ,we have less time to communicate with professal which is rather different from high school .
Thatis the college life which we should adapt to .Secondly,nobody would force us to study.
we do everything just by our own will.
We dominate time all by ourselves.
Last but not least, we have more free time when we do not have classes.
In a word, there is no doubt that it is quite difference between college and high school study.
Only we deal with it well ,we can enjoy our life better.
I am a college student now.I think that having a meaningful college life is good and comfortable.It is good because we are very free to complete other things.It is comfortable because the college courses are rare so we can play happily.
Firstly,we should read books in the library and take part in some communities.Secondly,we should play games with students to develop our friendship,In the end,if we do like this,we will succeed.
In recent years,various environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the years.For example,cars have made a lot of poisonous gas into the air and the factories have poured waste straight into the river.What is worth mention:people pay more attention to low-carbon life to help our health.
The importance of low-carbon life is easy to be seen,children can grow up in a green environment without pollution,people have clean water and fresh air,and our later generation will possess more precious resource to use.
The Earth is our home and we have a duty to protect her.Measures must be taken before a thing goes worse:the government should make laws to limit the pollution,people are supposed to save our precious resource and the awareness of low-carbon should be planted deeply in everyone's mind.I sincerely hope the problem will be saved and a bright future is awaiting us.
I will study more and more knowledge in the future,so i have many knowledge and i will work in a place,where is beauitful place,i will be boss,who is run many people in my factory,i will work hard and be friend with everybody.
I will have a family in my future,have wife,children,i will have a happyness house,i will care of everybody and they will care of me,i will run in the morning ,i will watch TV with family at night.
It will be good,it is mylife in the future.
Among thousands of TV shows, a reality talent show, The Voice of China, stands out attracting millions of people.
It has become a widespread topic and has turned out to be an unexpected success.
The special selling point- blind auditions prepared for the audiences by the producers seems to be the main reason for its popularity.
In the process of the show, the judges do not appreciate the singers' performance face to face as usual, yet they have their whole attention focused on their vocal.
The judges will turn their chairs the moment they find the one they want to tutor.
And if more than one judges turn, the lucky singer will have the right to make the final decision based on his or her own interest.
In my point of view, apart from the especial way, what the show gives us is the optimistic lifestyle.
It focus on inspireing people and let them see the sunshine in life.
As we all know,all the new things will suffer from the arguments weather it is a right situation.In my opinion,cloining itself is technology of science,when the science is growing up,a lot of new things which good for us appeared,such as "cloining".Though there are lots of imperfection in it,but it can save people's lives as well.Maybe you are against it now for it is a freak,but when you are ill and nothing can help you but the cloining,I think you will change your mind at once.we should trust it because it has a friendly head,it will work for people.So there will be a great tomorrow about cloining.
I think it is important for us to listen to others.
When we listen to others, we show respect to others.
Litening can help us understand each other better and make better relationship because when we are listened to, we may feel a sense of satisfaction that we are of significance to others.
When parents listen to their children, they may enter their children's own world.
It helps them short the distance in their children's mind.
Thoughout listening, many problems can be solved.
When teachers become good listeners to their students, they can know students in a better way.
At the same time, student's own needs can be met.
When students listen to each other, their friendship can be better developed.
Then can help each other in lessons.
Then they will make progress together.
When listening, we should not only concentrate on speaker's words, but also their voice, behaviors.
We need to look at speakers to show our respect.
I'm L, the head of the student council.
Let me introduce some information about the competition.
This year, the topic of the competition is "The English Novel I like Best".
As we all know, reading is helpful in learning English.
Only if one reads as much as he can, will he be able to improve his ability in listening and speaking.
What's more, read novels can make us develop a habit of reading frequently.
The more we read, the wiser we will be.
Reading can broaden our horizons.
Then I'll tell something that competitors should be cautious about.
First, there is a limit that each speaker must finish his lecture in five minutes.
Second, competitors should be fluency in speaking and pronounce correctly and clearly as well.
At last, let me express my best wishes to the English speech competition.
Reading can not only bring many pleasures for us like other activities but also brings unique pleasures to us.
Everyone can be easy access to the wisdom of the ages and delighting stories though reading.
When we are free, reading is a good way for us to enrich ourselves because there are many excellent messages, elegant poems, news which we can gather from books or newspaper by reading.
Through reading, we can enhance the understanding of the world, we can enrich ourselves, also, we can bring many pleasures for ourselves or others.
As a student, I think that reading not only can improve our oral expression but also can make us more confident.
It does not seem that the carbon dioxide is a villiain in the atmosphere.It is not very poisonous in that it is present in so small a quantity-only 0.034 percent.
Also, it is essential for all of animal life to absorb and convert it into their own tissue.However,how does the carbon dioxied come about?
It begins with sunlight.
Sunlight ,striking the top of the atmosphere,travels right through miles of it to warm the earths surface.
Because of this, the sea level is rising very slowly from year to year.
In all likelihood,it will continue to rise.
In result of this ,not only will many cities be drowned,but much of the most productive farming areas of the world will be widespread and various structure may collapse under the pressure ...However, it is known to all that everthiing has two coins ,so this gas is worthy to be thanked that it is keeping us comforably warm.Nevertheless,something bad should be given out.
It is that the carbon dioxied in the atmosphere is rising steadily .Why is the concentration of it ?Two factors are to blame for .First, coal ,oil and natural gas have been burned much.
Second,forests are cut down to make various things at the high rate .What can be seen from this pheonmenona is that the carbon dioxied is not rising by itself.
On one hand ,we had better to save our orests,and even replant them.On the other hand ,it is essential to look after some alternatives instead of harmful gases.But the most important of all is time ,work and money.So should we spend more of them to save us all ?
My name is J. I am the head master of the Student Union of C jonior high school.
My school will give some books to your class.
Next, I will intruduce these books to you.
Some of these books are about history of China.
You and your classmates can read it to get some knoledge about Chinese history.
Some of these are about tourist.
It has all of interest of places in China.
If you want to come to China to have a trip, it can tell where should you go.
It can help you a lot.
Others are taik about weather in China.
It's very important if you want to come to China.
We will go to your school to take place the Summer ability with these books.
My name is X,aged eighteen-a sunshine period of my life.
I was born in a peaceful family.
I am a native of Beijing.
I have four cousins.
I think I am rather lucky to live in this family which is full of happiness everyday.
Acquaintances think I am a quiet girl .
Yes, sometimes I an a real lady.
I play the piano.
I draw comics.
So far, I have learnt many things but still not an expert in any aspects.
I always weep because of a moving love story or a touching song.
I really want to have a shoulder to cry on .But if some one is familiar with me ,he or she will believe I am a madwoman.
Sometimes I am a hoyden.
I love computer games.
I like doing sports very much except running.
I hate sitting at somewhere for a long time.
I dare to laugh loudly in the street with my rommates.
I eat a lot no matter what others think of me.
Look, that's me ,two different parts of me.
But I don't think it lead to conflict.
I believe there are always a little girl and a little boy in everyone's heart.
I have a gift for high jump.
I found it by chance.
I won the fourth prize when the first time I took part in the high jump competition.
Till now, I have won first prize and second prize.
It's because I have never learnt it before.
I think the vital reason is I am thin and tall.
My mother's stomach is not very well.
So, although I eat a lot everyday, because of heredity, I am still very thin.
This is why so many young girls are jealous of me.
Aha, that's a joke.
I have a lot of hobbies.
I like listening to music ,taking photoes and reading novels.
From my perspective, I think listening to music relax myself,taking photoes allows me to observe the world in a colourful way and reading novels can enlarge my knowledge.
My favourite country is German .
I am eager to travel there.Although it failed in the World War One and World War Two, now it is a rather developed country.
I can speak a little German,like Good morning or Goodbye.
I like German scenery very much.
The Swan Castle,the Rhine have a certain strange fascination for me.
Now I am here in CUMTB learning English.
I met a great many of friends here.
I feel happy and relaxed everyday.
I hope my life could be like this ever after.
A mobile phone is playing a very important role in our daily life .We can use it anytime and any where .It greatly improve the efficiency of people's communication.Mobile phones can make people keep in touch in spite of long distance.Moreover ,we can use it to listen to music and to chat in our spare time.In addition,Mobile phone also is a library.People can access the Internet whenever we use the mobile phones.when we meet some unclear problem.we can use it to get information from the Internet more conveniently.
Now there are often such a phenomenon: someone fall on the road, no one dared to help.
I think in today's society is becoming more and more indifference between people We should kind enthusiastic help when need our help.
The 21st century has witnessed the booming industry in China.
New companies spring up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain in motherland.
Against this background, the work performance of employees in a corporation related to its promotion.
There is a survey about two kinds of people, the young people and the middle scents,whose opinion towards the factors that affect work performance of employees.
On the one hand, it is not difficult to find that the young men are ambitious for the job market from the survey.
We can see the major factors among the young people include relaxed working environment and promotion prospects, especially the chance for personal development.
There is no denying that young people need more chance to obtain a better position after they graduated.
They believe the relaxed working environment will help them enhance their job opportunities and promotion opportunities.
For the majority of the, finding a part-time job after work will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skill, which may put them in a favorable position in the future job market.
On the other hand, the young people and the middle scents reach an absolute consensus on the primary factors are money, team spirit, and competent boss.
Nowadays, a growing number of people express a strong desire to take another job after work or spend more time on their job in order to get more money to support their family.
They claim that a high income that will make it easy for them to improve the living condition and even the social status.
Moreover, excellent teamwork and correct strategies lay a solid foundation for a promising corporation.
Compared with some big companies, like Coca Cola, not only the employers but also the employees can make joint effort for the company's interest in the long run.
On the contrary, people in some new companies may suffer from heavier work pressure from their boss or colleagues.
In this situation, the performance of employees will decline sharply.
As far as I am concerned, since we still young, it is worth struggling and competing with other talents to get high income and promising prospect.
Even the best possible graduate needs to continue learning after getting a good job.
Just as an old saying goes: It is never too late to learn.
It is necessary for them to think it over after getting a job, for people who want to adopt a comfortable and decent lifestyle.
What's more, a booming corporation is based on the unit among boss and staffs.
So boss ought to pay more attention to staffs, and communicate with their emotions as well as ideas.
Admittedly, an outstanding leader is committed to the interest of all staffs and the whole corporation.
Whereas a mature company exists more spare for the middle scents to have a chance to find a favorable position in daily working.
Based on this measure, both of the employers and the employees can stand on one side to reach a win-win situation.
With the development of the economic,most people have a good life.And there are all kinds of merchandise in our daily life.Whether food,toy,home electrical appliances or shoes,they all have different and beautiful packing-up.Even some merchandise have more packing-up.
To be honest ,more packing-up causes a very big waste.There are many companies producing the same merchandise,and their profits will decrease.They want to get more market share to earn more profits,so they make the product attractive by increase the beautiful packing-up.And the companies keep hot competition in business.
In the meanwhile,it wastes a lot resources.I think the government department should come into being a policy which abouts decreasing the surplus packing-up to decrease waste and protect the environment.
Currently, there is a widespread concern over hunting wild animals for meals.
A recent statistics shows that various kinds of mild animals have been decreasing sharply.
So the issues have become a hot topic how to protect those mild animals alive.
Many illegal hunters kill elephants for their tusks, catch sharks for their fins, and seize bears for their palms.
Many people convinced that eating mild animals can be helpful to their health.
However, more people eat those expensive dishes in high-grade restaurants just for showing others their high status and reputation they own.
In addition, with the rapid development of the consumption level in recent years, more and more salaried people are able to taste those costly dishes, so that the wild animals are at the edge of danger and extinction urgently.
In order to protect those endangered wild animals, the international organization promulgate many laws and decrees.
The laws have banned both hunting and trading endangered wild animals.However, there are also lots of people neglecting those laws when they are lured by the lust of money.
So from my point of view, drawing up the decrees can't work out the radical problems.
For my part, we should spare no pains to raise the aware of significance of protecting wildlife.
We can try to give out leaflets to ask people to save those animals.
So long as there are people who eat, there are some hunters killing the animals cruelly.
So long as there is a market for trading, it cannot avoid the death of those animals.
So it is not enough only to ban hunting or to forbid the restaurants and sidewalk snack booths to sell such dishes.
The most efficient and crucial way to protect the animals is to punish the ones who eat wild endangered animals.
Taking into account of all these factors, we may draw the conclusion that "No business, no killing.
"Animals and people are equal in the world.
We should be convinced that to save wildlife is to save ourselves.
Everyone has a dream,so do I.
When I was in a senior high school,one of my dream was being admitted by a college however,I failed in my college entrance examination.
I was very sad,felt my heart was broken into pieces and my future was full of darkness.
But I did not give up.Two month latter,I studied in a classroom again.I thought it is the power of dream gave me the couge to sit in a classroom again.
In the fouth year of my senior high shool life, I worked harder than ever before.Everyday,I got up at 5 am.After a rush clean,I walked to classroom to begun my morning reading.Because time was to early,the light of the classroom was still turned off by the manager.In that case, I had to take a flashlight to throw light on my book.Between the break of two class,I usually read some English words and keep them in mind.At night,after reviewed my lessons in class,I would read my notebook in dormitory till middle night.In fact,most night ,I would stay up all night.
Sometimes I was tired out and just wanted to give up,but I knew I could not.My dream had not come ture,I had to gone for it.No pians,no gains.I was sure that my sweat would be paid off.
The result as you have knew,I admitted by this school.I think I will never forget the time of pursuit my dream.
Most of people have a dream of becoming somebody or doing something.Some people want to become business ,others want to enter in NBA ,still others want to become doctors to save people's life .However ,many persons have a very high ambition but donce do anything for his aim and got nothing in the end.
Such as a student who want to go to a famous unversily,but he only have this goal and become lazier and lazier ,He never listen carefully in the class and never finish ,homework after school,Then it's not a bit possible for him to achieve his ambition.
So we chould establish an ambition first ,and then spare no effort to reach it .The more deligent we are ,the shorter the distance from us to success.
With the development of education,distance between students and teachers keep closer.No longer just a instructor to teaching students.
Many college require students' evaluation of teachers.Someone think that as a good teacher should be adepted to students,and could let teacher found what they should do better.In this way,students become the mine.
But someone disagree,they think as a teacher should needs its own style,shouldn't effect evaluation of others,And students did not evaluation of teacher thus affecting the quality of teaching.
In my opinion, teacher an student should be friend with each other.
"Forces Act is a mutual",teaching and be educated is also a mutual.Trust is the key point between teacher and student.Lost of trust,any evaluation would be useless,of crose it is bad for evaluation in college.If we believe each other, anything is possible.
Nowadays more and more colleges asked students to evaluate the teacher.
However , somebody opposed to this action .they thought that when the student evaluated the teachers ,they would involve they own emotions .It would make the instructors lack of objectively .Primarily ,because no matter the teacher do well or not at this time ,i believe everyone in them want to try their best to help the students ,and want to be better .If the student evaluated the teacher may be would let the profession lose activities .
In my opinion , I agreed with the way to evaluated the teacher .
In the long run,I thought the risk clearly outweighs any possible benefit.
At the best ,one is to improve the teachers' efficiency of work, and the other is the best way to promote the communication between students and tuters.
All in all, I tthought it's the best way to help faculties and students.
Nowadays, the group of the graduation becomes lager and lager, while the unemployment rate rises quickly.
It's easy to make sense this phenomenon.
Students on campus can't take lessons they intend, so they always give up going to classes.
Thoes who choose to cut a class.
So I believe that going to classes should be optional for students.
First of all, this is your own choice and nobody impose you to do that.
When we graduated from high school and broke away from the"requirement", "command"and so on.
We don't need teachers to supervise us and we just want to have an arrangement by ourselves.
All the coercive things are what we hate and relaxing atmosphere of study is what we need.
However, everyone knows that interest is the best teacher, which can lead us to the success.
You can look around your classroom now.
How many people are sleeping, how many people are playing with phone and how many of whole classmates are listening to what the teacher is teaching.
The data can improve everything.
We can recognise if we show our attendance to the class, we must like this subject.
Lastly, it's better to take full advantage of our knowledge to work in society.
Today's college students spend most of their time in school who takes in the theoretical knowledge all day.
They early to rise and late to bed, which just faces the books like the mountain.
Chairman Mao once said: genuine knowledge comes from practice.
So we need a great deal of time to practice.
When we need guidance, we will back to class and focus on some points what we are confused.
This is the efficient way to study, and as long as the classes can be optional for us.
As far as I'm concerned, students can totally decide to take lessons by themselves.
It's your right to choose a better to study instead of for anyone else.
We can't stay at school in the whole life and we have to take a step to our modern society.
Empty talking is useless, taking every chance to do everything use full for you rather than taking lessons you are required.
I have been a college student for nearly a month.
It's hard to express my feelings about my life in college.
It's new to me, and it's totally different from the life I had experienced before.
First of all, I left my home, and it's the first time I live alone.
I have to do everything on my own, my parents can't assist me, and no one else can do it for me.
I must learn to be independent.
On the other hand, it also means I have more freedom, I can make decisions by myself.
Maybe everyone had dreamed of this in childhood, but when it comes true, I find it not as easy as I pictured.
My parents and teachers are not here to remind me to do my homework or urge me to study, so I need more self-discipline.
And second, there are many opportunities in college.
Though the opportunities may seem to be endless, I find it not easy to catch.
When we come across an opportunity, we shouldn't hesitate.What we should do is catching it at once.I took part in several student organizations, because I think it is a good opportunity to improve my ability.
Thirdly, in college we can meet a lot of people from all over the world, and there are many chances we can make a conversation with a stranger.
About this I'd like to tell something interesting happened several days ago.
On that day, I went to supermarket with my roommate.
While we were shopping, we saw two foreigners expressing themselves difficultly.
So we walked towards them, and asked if we could help.
From their words, we knew what they would like to buy is lingerie for their sister.
It was so funny that everyone laughed besides himself.
Helping others made me happy, and it was also a good chance to practice my spoken English.
Last but not least, we need to be responsible.
Because we are going to be an adult, we should be responsible for ourselves, our future, and other people.
Only when we are responsible, we can become a real person.
Now my college life begins, and I believe that if I try my best to improve myself, sooner or later my dream will come true.
And I think that college is a place where can let me fly high.
Nowadays,more and more universities put their emphasis on the social practices of students.But,in reality, we can discover that most of the students are short of this part.Social practice is one of the most important parts before we step into society.
As college students,we should take part in more social practices.
In my opinion, in social practice,we can surely make progress in both knowledge and ability.We can prove our eloquence and lean how to exchange informations with others.Through organizing social practice activities,we can improve our cooperative consciousness.Moreover,social practice can offer experience we need when we work in the future,and so on.These are not all advantages of social practice.We can not realize that until we do take it ourselves.So,we should take more social practices in college.
For all staffs,our company set a special smoking room.The smokers want to smoke who can walk into the room at their rest time.It only can maintain staff's rights,but focus on theirs healthy.The non-smokers can live in fresh air to work and have fun.
Nowadays,the population growth in cities has accelerated,the population scale has been expanding continuously.It's going to cause us problems.Firstly,if there aren't enough public transport means to choose,more and more people choose to drive and it will add pollution.Secondly,it also brought environmental pollution,resource depletion and friction between cultures and so on.
More than this,Chinese Universities have been expand enrollment levels to meet the rising demand.However,every coin has two sides.On the one hand,more and more students are enrolled to Universities.It keeps up with the need of the job market.And most of all it can raise the intellectual standards of our nation.On the other hand,its shortcoming is also obvious that there are less educational resources on average.
In my opinion,the number of private cars should put under control and I believe building underground cities is a way to solve the problem of overcrowding.
In any case,I am still confident.The problem will be solved step by step as time goes on.
A little girl was taking a Chinese lesson in a classroom in primary school.
At the beginning, the teacher-Ms X showed some colorful pictures to the class including various animals as well as the beautiful scenery in the countryside.
Then Ms X recited a paragraph which came from the passage-Hometown, written by LuXun.The girl was attracted by this paragraph.
She read it again and again,until every word was kept in her mind.
Since then, she started to know the greatest writer--LuXun.
On weekends, she always spent a lot of time reading LuXun's novels in a bookstore.
One day,she lost herself in a novel called Village Opera in which LuXun introduced the happy life and innocent children in Lu town so that she missed the last bus.
Village Opera brought a lot of happiness to her as she could enjoy the pleasant moment in the countryside.
LuXun's works not only bring the unforgettable memories to her, but also show her people's tragic fate.
In high school, the girl started to read extensively and think about LuXun's implied meaning in his works.
After reading them, her eyes were full of tears and she expressed her sympathy to those people.Besides,she also understood the message Luxun conveyed: If there was no arranged marriage,the woman Ms XiangLin would not go to the heaven silently; if there was no superstition, a sick boy would not eat the blood bun; if there was no indifference, Kong Yiji would not die distressingly.
Just at that moment, she came to realize that why LuXun gave up medical science for literature and why LuXun showed his anger to people.
It was LuXun who changed her value, her thought, and her life.
LuXun is not only the greatest writer but the hero in her mind.
I'm in Chongqing Uniersity now.Since July,it seems that we have not been in touch for nearly 3 montns.I'm writing this letter to share some my experience and ideas with you.
As we all know,reading can benefit a lot.According reading,we can not only gain much knowledge,but also complete a progressive thinking process.In my opinion,we,university students,should grasp every opportunity to read,to think and to practise.Here,I will give a list of books that we should read in uniersity.
As a college student,I believe everyone of us should have a professional advantage over others.So,we should read some professional books in the field of our study.
What's more,some literary books are essential.They can broaden our horizons and richen our lives.It helps us know how to live better and how to become wiser.I want to recommend some classical books to you,such as "The Reader,Resurrection and Pickwick Papers ".
Last but not least,some practical books are also necessary.Nobody wants to become a bookworm.So,we should master some practical knowledge.And I think reading is a shortcut.
Well,finally,I'm waiting for your letters.
From the chart data can be seen :more and more college students take the part-time jobs in resent years.
Some students said that they decide to get a part-time jobs have three reason.Some students get part-time jobs are order to earn some money for themslves or their family.
Some students get part-time job for learn more social experience or skills.
Some students iare only hope them become more independence by practice themselves.
Perhaps because of infection, more and more students do part-time jobs .
But we hope they can plan their time reasonable, do not delay their school work and take care of themselves.
Nowadays,with the development of the information technology,an increasing number of people begain to use the mobile phone.The students' main goal was to pass along information in as little time,with as little small talk,as possible.In my opinion,mobile phone play a extremely important role in our daily life.
There are some important reasons to support my view.On the one hand,it is convenient.You can make a phone wherever you are.It makes our world small.We can contant people in far distant.If you have some urgent thing,you can make a call immediately.On the other hand,to send short messages is much cheaper than to make a phone call.It can save your money.What's more,people can relax themselves by playing mobile phone games or listening music.Last but not least,nowadays,mobile phone can bring many new things to us.It can help us to follow the fashion.
As far as I am concerned,it is convenient for people.After all,mobile phone bring lots of convenience and satisfied our need.Most important of all,mobile phone is very helpful,it can easily get on the internet,bring the useful information and people can know what they want to know through the internet.
University, a place described fulls of happiness and freedom by a lot of people.
Believing in that, I also have many wishes as a freshman.
Though life isn't always go as I want it to, and my college entrance examination score is much lower than I can imagine, I do know that I still have to go ahead anyway.
But studying is not everything, happiness is as important as it.
I'm fighting to join clubs and organizes to enrich my life.
I'm in favor of taking a part-time job.
Given a chance, I wouldn't hesitate a moment to get it in order to improve my communicative competence.
In many developed countries, There are many students live in school, In china, Then some people think that basic living skill should also be required for all chinese students.
However, Then some opponents think that student should be gradually learn basic living skill at home, From little things, For exsmple fold up a quit help your parents is important.
By the end in my part, I agree encouraging students to develop basic living skill is good choice, but the unsuitable educational environment in china has to be noticed.
Besides, the heavy study burden on student, Therefore, I don't think it's time to make basic living skill compuisory at school for the time being.
Thursday's writing class,left a deep impression for me.My teacher give me a draw drawing of a pig.The teacher will be in the middle of the drawing on the blackboard.Then tell us the rules of the game, we are very surprised, don't know how to dot.
But in this lesson, we gain to unity and the power infinite happiness.For we all have fond memories of special memories.
Believe or not, teachers play an essential part which we cannot ignore in the teaching.
A splendid teacher can stir the students' interests for study, especially English.
And, a responsible teacher will own the first-class respect from his or her students.
As a common lady, she loves to be pretty and shining.
She seldom wore the same clothes, though ponytail seems to be her eternal hair style.
We were remarkably willing to stay with her and asked her some unrelated questions since she was always fresh to us.
Let me tell you.
Miss Li, my senior high school teacher, is my favourite English teacher.
It seems that Miss Li has immortal vigour.
She used to be never tiresome to teach, no matter in the class or after the class.
Once upon she just came back after study for 3 days another city, which would make her in a low condition because she had to take a long train.
However, she still stand in the class, full of energy, giving the conscientious teaching to us.
Another time, I remember that she still cling to teach even though having a frog in her throat.
At that time, we just gasp in admiration, thinking she is strong.
But now, I understand that it dued to her responsibility.
Pay tribute to you, my lovely Miss Li.
Everyone has special characters, my father is the same to others.In my heart,he is a mildly and honest person.
My father has small eyes, looking more gently, the daddy's hair are not many, he said "he can have a clear impression in others' heart.daddy does the management, but daddy usually ever not talk bureaucratically to others, therefore his personal connection is specially good, is the same as me.
daddy speaks always extremely temperately, never say hit the person, curse at people are also few, calculated scolded people not to be big, although sometimes also can be angry for a longtime, but just only about one day, could no surpass in one day-long.
He usually educate me that the person must be honestly, friendly to other, and working diligently.
This is my father, I love him forever.He help me find the way to how to be a erson.
For me, reading is the only way out.
Only books can come out from the deep groove in the mountains.
Reading can not only increase their knowledge, but also in reading and learning in the process of the accumulation of contacts and the future work are of great help.
Really a lot of benefits of reading books.
For example, in the process of reading, can improve the quality of self-cultivation.
As an important way to improve the quality of reading, as Mr. Du Fu said, having read more than ten thousand books, writing if there is God.
But now teenagers to reading desire is low, treating learning's concept is weak, why on earth would become so that the problem to make it more.
I want to say that: energy-saving, white square regret later reading.
I have been reading and treating seriously, I don't think I'm old when to regret.
So now I like reading, reading books, because books can really learn a life philosophy.
I will study well, after he learned to the knowledge to return to the motherland and social returns.
It's our mother who gave birth to us and fostered us.
They went through hardships, and they might even sacrifice themselves.
Nevertheless, they had no complaints.
My mother, who is amiable and considerate, is in her forties.
She has a fine figure.
Her hair is long curly.
She also has a pair of big eyes.
Crow's feet gradually climb by her eyes as time goes by.
As far as I am concerned, my mother is always ready to oblige when neighbors come to her, which gains her honors in our neighborhood.
I remember one day I backed home in haste.
Only to find the front door locked, I felt a little puzzled.
Unfortunatelly, I hadn't taken the latchkey home.Therefore, I asked some neighbors that where my mother was.
What they told me was that my mother was looking after a little child whose mother was on business.Instantaneously, I stopped worrying whether I could enter my house.
There's my mother's opinion that only when the surroundings is harmonious and people help each other can we live and work happily.
In my memory, my mother always told me what I could do and what I couldn't do.
She could solve many problems which arisen from my life and study.
Furthermore; she would come to face the crucial moments of my life with me.
I remember my math was exactly bad when I had just entered my junior school.
I got low grades at first math test.
I felt sad and worried.
I always talked about my life with my mother at that time.
She looked at me and said,"Don't too much worried.
Being confidence in yourself is the first thing you have to do if you want to improve your math.
"Then, she patted on my back gently.
To appreciate what knowledge had been taught ,I took my math book home everyday just as what my mother had told me.
I began to learn math earnestly under my mother's guidance.
She would give me some suggestions when I encountered problems.
Sometimes, she would sit besides me and point out some formulas that I should keep in mind.
"You will feel easy to work out exercise by using them.
She said to me.Then, she went on helping me review .It is these scenes that always comes into my mind when I look back.
"The two words were what my mother always said when I made faults.Gradually, my interest to math was whipped up, and I also improved my math greatly.
Sometimes I was nearly to get full grades if it were not for few faults.
Hearing that, my mother smiled happily.
No matter what situation I was in, my mother was company with me all the time in the past few years.
Although I can't often see my mother now, I can still feel my mother's concern.
I thank my mother's thoughtful care in the past few years.
She becomes the meaning of my life.
Many people like Western fast food in the world.
And we can find Western fast food like McDonald's and Starbucks in many Chinese cities.
But in fact, we also have ourselves fast food what is the snacks.
On the one hand, snacks always make from flour,and put in more sold what likes pancake,fried dumpling and bread soaked in lamb soup in the north of China.
On the other hand, in the southern China,snack always makes from rice what likes rice cakes and rice noodles roll.
So the northern snack is more hardcore than the snacks of the southern China.
They are both delicious.
There's no doubt that many children likes to eat french fries and hamburgers of the Western fast food in China.
But the street food also have person who likes miss their past times and loves the taste of snack truly to purchase.
If you came to China,you would see a lot of people were surrounding of the store where sells the traditional snacks.
In the main street in my city, you can eat beef balls,spring rolls and foundry taro.
And Draw a conclusion, what people like most is the Chinese fast food.
Recently,I saw a very classic movie called Rain Man which was acted by Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise.It left a great impression on me.
Rain Man is an excellent movie about two brothers.One is a selfish yuppie named Charlie Babbit who only cares about money, and the other one is named Raymond who is autistic and know nothing about the importance of money.Charlie realizes that his father left three million dollars to Raymond and little to him.What a big surprise that Raymond should be his brother.Charlie takes Raymond away from the residential home and begins a long journey which will change both of their lives.
It is a completely moving and unforgettable film.I was totally touched by the two actor's performances.Not only did the brotherhood touch my heart,but also the feeling of love for the weak.
"One is for bad,two is for good.
"The words that Raymond often talks to himself.I couldn't understand it at first,but when I have seen the film again,I thought I could understand it.One is lonely,two is a family.What's more,Raymond is autistic who is the weak,and he needs love and care from others.There are many people who need help around us,please lend them a hand.
Overall,the film is a timeless classic that moves me in every aspect.
Hi , Jack.
I'm glad to you come to my hometown .
I'm bbelieve you will have a beautiful memory .
Firstly, I'll take you to see a century of pear trees.Dang Shan Pear is very famous .
Saying a soil and water nurture person .
Then,l'll take you to eat our local refection .
It's very appetizing and distinctive.I'm sure you unforgettable these foods.And, you can bring some specialties,when you go back.Finally, l'll take you to see plant .This also can let you feel yokels ' lifes.I'm sure you will be good, when yyou see a piece of ripe crops.
As far as l'm cconcerned, l hope can go to your place to sit.Hope you welcome my come.
I have become a student of college for nearly one year,I found there are many differences between college and high school study.
The study of high school is extremely boring,we have to much homework need to be down ,we have to hand in our homework in time,we feel intensely tired.In high school we study with other student in fixed classroom,we have fixed classmates,we can meet each other in every class ,the teacher always asks us to work hard,they are strict with our study and grow up,but they can help us in study and life.
.In college,no one asks you to study,you must to learn consciously,though you have more time.You don't have a fixed classroom and fixed classmates,you don't meet your classmates every day.In fact,you should study in college become more especially the social experience,we should study harder in this environment,in that, we will be face with bigger challenges.
We are glad to imform you that our goods of Sales Confirmation No.J-29 have been shipped per S.S. "Pearl", and transshiped per S.S. "May Flower" at HongKong.
This term is in accordance with the CIF price of the transaction.
We have sent you the fax on March.15,2013 so that you can make an insurance in time.
Louisa.
Nowadays people pay more and more attention to their own health in daily life.
At first,we should try to eat less food that have fat and suger,and try to eat more vegetables and fruit.we shuid a balanced diet.we also need some exercise to keep our good body.For eaxmple,we can paly basketball,vollyball or table tennis.Then wo shuid a healthy life style.We need to get into the habit of get up early.And reasonable meals and sleep on time.It will make us keep a good mental state.Finally,Good attitude will make us become healthier.
Do you think of you have a healthy life.If not.Please follow my steps.We will be better.
If you ask mewho is my love most,I will talk you that she is my mother at once.
She give me life and selfless motherhood .She attended meticulously and provide for when I came to the world the frist day.
She not scolded me whatever I made any mistook ,and she would taught me how to correct my mistook and changed my badly habit.When I fall ill,she wouldlook after me at my badside,and she wasnot complaining.
I have a young sister,she not only deflect sis for my older sis,but also very fond of me.In my flimy ,my father was perennially busy with job.She had to take on family matters.Because she scrupulous care for I could grown up happiy.
So my mather is my love most.
On my free time.I often do housework at home with my brother.Because my parents are very busy.
they're often work all day!and I think do chores help to develop my independence.But on the weekend.I have too much time to result.I usually go to the park play badminton or running with my brother.But sometimes it is raining.I have to do my homework or read some magazine.
In this modern society, people are always occupied by numerous of things both in family and work, therefore, the topic that how to take advantage of our leisure time has raised much concern nowadays.
Some people hold the opinion that we need to improve our quality by reading books in leisure time; however, others think that during leisure time we should rest the mind.
From my perspective, we can benefit a lot from improving our mind by reading books or dong word puzzles in leisure time.
Spending leisure time in improving the mind can be rewarding to us, and there're volumes of ways to enrich our life when we're free.
It's widely acknowledged that reading can increase our knowledge and promote our competence.
Besides, creativity and discernment also have something to do with literature.
Apart from reading, learning a foreign language is a marvelous choice, which can help us to form a more complete idea of the culture and history in the world.
It will be very warm-hearted if we can give favor to others in our space time.
During these meaningful experiences, we will be aware of the values of sympathy and magnanimity, so that our minds are improved subtly.
Nevertheless, it's essential for us to rest our minds properly.
For instance, we are supposed to be frequently exposed to nature to release ourselves.
In addition, chatting with our intimate friends and surfing online to rest our minds are inalienable in our leisure time.
What should we keep in mind is that we shouldn't waste plenty of time on that.
As far as I'm concerned, it's profitable for us to improve our minds in our leisure time, because it can make great con contribution to our future lives.
I think more than 90% of the youth who was born in 1990s would say "sure".
With a boom of the e-commerce,shopping on the Internet,especially Taobao,has been one of the most significant methods favored by mass.
However,as a consumer,plenty of advantages and disadvantages still need to be observed elaborately.
Taking the coat as an example,we would find a lot of them with different styles and and sizes which are from Korea or America or big or small.
At most times, Taobao is just like a small prosperous society which is filled with too much temptation and confuses.
Even though there are abundant choices for us,a majority of them own a bad quality,which is the biggest restriction and we have to concern whether it could satisfy our demand or not.
Referred to the quality,there is no doubt most of the commodities on Taobao are quite cheap so that it could grow into the popular method in nearly ten years.
Only with sixty yuan can I get a cowboy wear,but I need more than two hundred yuan in the market which occurred to me one month ago.
Most times,we can also hear that the voice that I really like that skirt or shirt,but I am worried about it doesn't suit me.
Certainly,with the exception of people possessing perfect figures,most of us would have the concerning just like that more or less.
I usually go to the stores to find the familiar clothes to have a try and then go back to shop on the Internet.
Of course,we can also choose to buy the freight insurance on the case the commodities really couldn't meet our demand.
What's more,it convenient for us to buy some small wares,such as mobile phone shell which is not easy for us to find in some shops.
On the other hand,the official Internet can help us know the real price,thus we can avoid cheating by some so called franchised stores.
Everything has two sizes.
It is absolutely not the occasion of the e-commerce to develop so fast in modern society.
All in all,the advantages are more obvious than the disadvantages for online shopping.
Personally,it will be more and more popular in future.
The Spring Festival of the Yang more to come later than usual years.It is already not very cold now.
My family prepared for our Spring Festival for many days.We went shopping to buy some seasonal fruits and vegetables of all kinds.We also bought red lanterns,colourful lights and Spring Festival scrolls.At last,the house is decorated with red things.The whole room is full of the happiness of the festival.
sofa and watching the Spring Festival TV gola.To be different from the annual Spring Festival TV gola times,we started to shake our telephone this year.Although we were not lucky enough to gain some Hongbao,we enjoyed ourselves when everyone in the house shook hands together.We were very excited during this night .And then,we we went out to shoot off firecrackers together.We believe that firecrackers will bring good fortune in the coming year.We stayed up late on this wonderful New Year's Eve.
need them to celebrate our festival.After all,setting off firecrackers and fireworks are our traditional,we can go out without driving car more often in the fature years to protect our air.
The Spring Festival comes from China but belongs to the world.Everyone can celebrate this festive festival and they will have fun.
Today is January 3rd in Chinese calendar.I hope to go to Beijing temple fair before start new term.It is very busy and I like it very much.
This is my Spring Festival,just enjoy yours and remember the memory that only belongs to yourself.
Hello everyone , now our school urgent require in the school hired a university student as English editor.
The work consists of two parts.
First: Choose paper suitable for students from the English newspapers and magazines and the Internet .Second : to select and edit the students' contributions .
I hope the students to satisfy the following requirements: 1. willing to devote some of your spare time to serve the students .
English and art are good ; proficiency in the use of computers.
Interested students please contact with students during the week .
Someone who will pay attention to the interests of the whole but not himself and throw himself into the breach calls collectivism.
Someone who likes being free and acting alone, doing anything with his mind calls individualism.
Collectivism, is the individual subordinate to society, personal interests should be subject to the group, nationality, class and national interests of a theory of mind.
Collective consciousness is a kind of honor.
The power of a drop of water is very small, but since a drop of water dropped into the river, its strength can't be measured.
It can impact on the mountain, destroy buildings, and even killed.
Individualism is a kind of moral, political, and social philosophy, emphasis on individual freedom and personal importance, and "independent ego virtue", "personal independence".
An individual as the center to treat social or other people's thoughts and theory viewpoint.
Western education, for example, less choice parents expectations of their children, this is caused by its advocating the concept of personal traits.
And westerners to personal privacy notice, between friends and rarely asked someone else too "personal" problems, such as age, salary and marital status.
The existence of individualism hindered the development of interpersonal relationships, is not conducive to the progress of society as a whole, we should abandon individualism, actively respond to collectivism.
One day there was a boy walking presently on the street.
He had gotten five hundred dollars for pocket money yesterday, and he wanted to buy a plenty of things, such as candy, a toy airplane, ice cream, an apple, French fries and a hamburger.
He was so exciting that he couldn't wait for those he wanted.
Therefore, he decided to spring into action going to the department store.
On the way to the department store, he saw there was an old woman sitting on the ground.
She seemed to be so poor and sick, so the boy had sympathy for the old woman.
Hence, he gave his money to the old woman without hesitation.
In the beginning, she felt surprise, not to mention confused.
But she accepted it eventually.
What's more, she was extremely grateful to the boy.
Since that day, the boy has made the decision to help those people who are in need.
He knew that there are a host of person live in a worse environment, and there are lack of commodities.
Furthermore, he hopes that everyone can have a good time and a present day in the world.
The aim of an exam is to test how much a student has mastered in his studies.
If we cheat in the exam,our teacher will nistake us for our required knowledge.Last final exam, my deskmate copied my English and got a high mark.our English teacher sang high praise for him,making him very pround,and didn't study hard in English.Then he played in class,and developed a habit of cheating in other subjects.
A month later he ended up with learning nothing.
we have received your letter of June 1,2014, in which you put in a claim for a short delivery of 120 M/TS subject goods.
As clearly indicated in the B/L, all the 120 M/TS goods were in good conditions when they left our port.
There is no doubt that the shortage must happened in transit and the shipping company who should be held responsible for your loss.
If necessary, we can send you evidence of the corrEct shipment so that you can take the matter up with them at your end.
Thank you for bring this to our attention.
The Spring Festival is very important for Chinese people because the Spring Festival means we can get together with our family.
People in China always go home before the Spring Festival so that we can reunion with our family.
My Spring Festival is very happy.
During the Spring Festival we make dumplings and usually we put a coin in one dumpling.
The man who can eat the dumpling with the coin is very lucky.
I like making dumplings because it's easy and I can enjoy myself.
And all the dumplings are very delicious so I like them a lot.
In the Spring Festival, setting off fireworks is my favourite.
But I set off less fireworks this year than last year so as to protect our environment.
China also have a tradition to put up some paper cuts on the windows and doors.
So I put up many red paper cuts to make a joyful celebration.
In a word, I feel very happy in the Spring Festival and my Spring Festival is rich.
According to the latest research,we can find that mang students are under pressure.Pressure has a good side, but also has a bad side.So we should treat the pressure correctly.
First,we should know where students' pressure come from.Pressure may comes from learning.On the one hand,we have lots of homework .On the other hand,we have to face the competition of students.Pressure also comes from parents.Parents had high expectations for us, hope we get a good secord.
To keep pressure under control,we should treat the pressure correctly.We should try our best to study,so we will have confident to face pressure.We should often communicate with our parents,they will understand us.
Many people think that AIDS is a terrible.So it is looked down upon them.but since my Eglish teacher let us watch the vadio about AIDS ,I find this people is sympathetic,I changed my opinions of them.
so he was born with AIDS.He is very thin, after the death of their parents and grandmother live together.He likes his grandmother holding him, because lie on grandma body is very comfortable.Look at his childhood will suffer the pain of torture, I really good sad.To think about the happiness of myself.
Although AIDS is very terrible, but we should also to ordinary people's attitude towards them.We should pay more attention to them, give them a lot of love.
Please love them!Let them in the rest of one's life is meaningful, help them to resist the strange eyes, equal to treat them.
Now,it is very impotent for us to learn English.
English is wildly used in many different ways.
when we study in the primary school ,we started learning English .
we have study for more ten years.
All of the studengts know it is useful for us to speak English well .
If you speak English well you will have more changes for jobs .
now we study in the shool we should spend more time to study English well .In the English class ,we should learn English carefully .After the class ,doing the English homework in time .
If you have question you should ask the English teacher .
Nowadays, practically everyone has cellphones and most of them would agree they are good.
Nevertheless of them think they are not good.
There are some advantages and disadvantages about this argument.
Many students depend on cellphones to call their parents and friends.
In fact, cellphones are very useful to talk to someone if you feel lonely.
Of course, if you have trouble-in your study, you can use the phone to look up on the Internet.
In terms of the disadvantages, many parents don't allow their children to use the phone and most of them said that if the students use the phone at school, their study will be down.
If that, they can't concentrate on study.
Therefore, they can get a bad effect by some bad news.
In my opinion, I don't think it's a good idea to allow student to use phones at school.
In conclusion, l don't hope our life ended up to use it.
As the saying goes,"The early bird catches the worm.
"In my opinion,hardworking plays a vital part in success.We may not very talented,nevertheless we must be industrious like an eager beaver meaning a person who is excited about doing what is expected of him.
When I was in junior high school,I performed bad on Math.My parents worried about me so much that they communicated with me about my study.As a result ,I took their advice.Since then,I spent every minute free doing Math problems.Due to my effort,my hard work paid off.I made great progress in the latter exam that I ranked first in the class.I was so excited that I told my parents the news at the first time.They all extremely delighted and they encouraged me to persist in working hard.
For my experience,I firmly believed that success depends ,to a great extent ,on whether we are hardworking.The more effort we make ,the more reward we will get back.
Since we finished the National College Eetrance Examination and came to the college,we should know the meaning of how can we have a meaningful and a colorful college life.
I don't know anything before I came to college.
And after I have some lessons,I find that I can't always play as usual,I must make my college life more colorful.
I believe that taking a part-time job certainly brings several advantages.
To begin with,students can learn how to get along with people and know the society better by taking a part-time job.
Furthermore, to take a part-time job provides the students with a valuable opportunity to put what he has learned from books into practice.
We all know,it is more important than books.Then , students can make some money, which helps to unload their families' financial burden.Finally,students can make a lot of friends so that we can enrich our usual life.So,we should take the part-time job without influencing our study.
This article is mainly about why the U.S. trade deficit and manufacturing decline have become more serious since the coming into force of NAFTA and the establishment of the WTO.
The reason is not the free trade caused by the trade policies, but the"fast track"trade negotiating authority.
The Bush Administration pressed the Congress for the authority by which the President could submit trade agreements to Congress without amendment.
The author is not objected to the free trade agreements.
His opinion is that the further trade liberalization should not stopped.
IWhat necessary is to pause and ask why the massive job losses have been caused before riding a fast track to further agreements.
Life isn't always easy,so each of us may encounter difficulty.
"Never give up",A person who believes in them it will achieve his goal no matter how many times he fails.Therefore,which is an important quality for us to success.
What I want to stress is the reason why we should not give up.
One reason is that we can learn from difficulties by overcoming them.
As the saying goes "Failure is the mother of success", another reason we can get confidence by trying reaching our goals and the confidence can help us succeed in other areas of our life, what's more,as adults, we must have a never give up position and believe that we will succeed through hard working.
In short, it is important that we should never-give-up when work out for our goals,and we will learn something and what we learn will help us to become better.
But in the face of the failure, different people have different opinion.
Some people think this is a challenge, while others believe this is a shock.
In my opinion, first of all, we should keep an ordinary heart.
Don't too think highly of the gain and loss.
Don't give ourselves too big pressure.
Second, we can do something to disperse the energy.
Don't think it always.
And above all, we can rest at home for several days.
Don't forget the home is best harbor.
The household can contain your all.
We can go to holiday with our family.
The failure isn't horrible.
How we should face the failure is key.
We must believe that we can succeed.
It is beyond my imagination that I have become a college student.
The first time I entranced the Northest Normal University,I was so happy and excited.All the things here appealed to me so much.What first caught my eye was the beautiful surroundings,compared with my high school,it was not only cleaner but also more significant.
The college life is filled with inactive sense.Immediately,I felt I was a bird fleeing from the cage,eventually I got rid of the dull and complicated high school life.I can arrange time by myself.I can fly in my own sky.How free I am!I do not need to care exams and grades.And every coin has two faces.Since I have left home I must be independent.Sometimes I feel alone and helpless,I have to study how to wash cloth,how to get along well with others and so on.Nevertheless I believe I will get used to the new college life.
On the whole the college life is delightful.I have tried a lot of new things which I have never devised.I took part in many organizations,though I was passed.It was still an important experience to me.
Well,I have said goodbye to my hard but happy high school life.Now I begin my new college life.No matter what will happen in the future I will smile to life all the time.It is certain that I will meet many difficulties,but I believe I can get over them.
As for the future,I intend to say the early bird catches the worm .
Today,I will introduce Switzerland,which is my dreaming destination in Europe.
Switzerland is in the middle of Europe,next to Austria,France,Italy and Germany.
The capital of Switzerland is Berne.Geneva,the famous city in the world,is in Switzerland,too.
Switzerland is famous for its scene and it is called the garden of the world.The flowers are everywhere and the air is clean.Millions of people visit Switzerland every year.The watches of Switzerland are nice,too.They are very expensive but popular among the rich.Switzerland's chemistry is developed and food is delicious.It's also the reason why I like it.
Nowadays, children spend much time on computer games.
This does more harm than good to children sine playing computer games is a waste of time, and children should not be allowed to play them.
First, playing computer games makes children have no time focussing on their study, so their grades become decreasing.
Children are too young to take control of their behavior, because of this, they should not be allowed to play computer games.
My little sister who is about to go to a primary school, she likes to play computer games since she has a mini Ipad which was a birthday gift from her parent and she started to play games on it when she was 3.
When she becomes a student, she still likes to play games, so she has no time to do her homework and always nap in the class, her teacher has called her parents for an inspection about her homework and exercise for several times.
It is not an isolate case, and my sister's example proves that children should not be allowed to play PC games.
Second, when young generations spend their time on computer games, they will not communicate with other person and will not do other things.
They may lack the ability of communicating and even the ability to live.
News report that a young child who had been forced by his parent to attend a camp with his teens, but he does not know how to live on himself.
He can not carry his own luggage since he never did exercise, what was worse, he even can not ask others for help because he doesn't know how to express his feelings.
All is because he puts too much time on computer games.
Therefore, children should be forbidden to play computer games.
All in all, playing computer games not only waste children's time to learn other things, but also waste their time to focusing on their life.
I think they should not be allowed to play them.
The next day I asked the last owner of the house,and he told me ten yeas ago there were a man and a woman living here happily.But the man fell in love with another girl.The woman was very sad and jumped off a high buiding on April 4th.So every April 4th the woman would come back and kill all the people in the house.Last night she searched the first floor,and there was no person.So tonight she would search all the place.But the owner also told me the way of escaping from this problem.That is to hide under the bed.Because the ghost can't bend the waist.
The midnight came.The strange noise appeared and Spider was flowing again.The noise was just like something jumped.But suddenly,it stoped flowing.The noise eccoed again.Then,the door opened.I was so frightened that I closed my eyes.And then I heared a frightening laughing.Then I opened my eye and saw a head.
It is because of while the woman was jumping,her head was bumping the ground first.So her left her body.
And twenty years later,a new was built there,and it is called Canbridge.So be careful every April 4th.
The Dragon Boat Festival, celebrated on the fifth day of the fifth month in the Chinese lunar calendar, is Chinese traditional festival.
It has a long history of more than 2000 years.
There are a lot of statements of Dragon Boat Festival's origins, but the most popular one is that the festival memorializes Chinese patriotic poet Qu Yuan, who suicided by drowning himself in a river.
In order to find him, the local resident threw food into the river.
Today, we like to race dragon boat to celebrate the Dragon Boat Festival, especially in the southern rivers, lakes and more places.
While rowing, people are fond of singing dragon boat songs to add to the fun.
In addition, people are accustomed to hanging Calamus and Moxa at the door.
According to the old legend, adorning spice bags which is made with red, yellow, green and blue silk can drive out evil spirits.
In the diet, people eat zongzi and drink realgar wine.
Recently, zongzi has a variety of tastes and sometimes people also call that day "Zongzi Festival".
Overall, the Dragon Boat Festival now is more and more popular, not only in China, but also in other eastern countries.
I particularly hope that this festival can be held immutably, because it is our country's treasure.
Nowadays,more and more needless slaughter happens.The needless slaughter on streets and highways can be attributed to three general causes.
This problem is partly caused by mechanical failures which include faulty brakes and bald tyres.In addition,anther important cause is environmental conditions.As we all know,the environmental conditions become more and more severe,for instance,the intermittent rain or snow,the heavy fog.Apart from this,the blind corners and the narrow streets also account for this.Last but not least,to stem from the fact that errors of human judgements is the most important reason,including excessive speed,drunken driving and momentary lapses and so on.
The problem becomes the hot topic in the world,and we should take it seriously.
Many people argue that weather students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teachers or not.
In my opinion, students should make comments on teaches certainly.
Previously, only the teacher spreads their thoughts to students, but the thoughts of students reflect back to them very few.
Thus the education becomes a unilateral activity.
With evaluation by students, the teacher can be informed of their deficiencies and improve their education skill from time to time.
Besides, being investors of education, students and their parents have rights to make comments on teaches.
And, weather the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear or not depends on the relations between teacher and students, I think.
I don't think so.
In classroom, teachers spread their thoughts to students.
And making comments on teaches can be regarded as students' communication with teachers.
By this communication each other, we can smoothly reach the final ends of education.
It is assumed that college is designed to be a time of personal growth and expansion,which includes three aspects.
First of all,while entering the college,you need to know who are you,that is to say, you are supposed to change your roles from adolescence to young adults.What's more,you should learn how to live without parents' accompany.For instance,you must learn how to do the laundry,how to take care of yourself,how to do housework on your own,which indicate that you must live an independent life.
Secondly,do not consider college to be a free time.Some college students spend too much time and money on the computer games,which is regarded as a wrong way to kill college time.You must take your majors seriously and then learn more knowledge about your majors that may relate to your future jobs.There are much study resource that you can make the most of in the college.
Thirdly,besides what your majors include,you need to expand the social circle.In that case,you should make more friends and communicate with each other as much as you can.In other words,college is another community,only you get on well with a group of people who you have met in college,can you deal with interpersonal relationship in the real society.
To sum up,you will become mature and independent both mentally and physically during your college years.What you need to do are daily skills,study skills and communication skills.
Nowadays, there are so many college students who hardly participate in social practice.
When the vocation is coming, they might find all kinds of reasons to refuse to take part in social practice.
But did nothing useful in their vocation.
As for college students, they should take part in social practice and accumulate experience, enrich and practice themselves.
Take part in social practice more often, they can get more from it.
As far as I'm concerned, now so many parents just have one child in their family, they spoiled their children and did everything for them.
From a little child to an adult, children just enjoy and do nothing by themselves.
When they grew older and older, they still do nothing.
Even in the school, they refuse to take part in social practice.
From my point of view, I think college students should take part in social practice as much as possible.
Joining social practice is a good way to get personal experiences and it is helpful for us to find a better job in the future.
My father has the pair of calm eyes under the thick heavy eyebrows.
The years have silvered his black hair.
Wearing clothes in dark colors, having medium height, with a protruding belly, he is not distinguished from other middle-aged men.
His nine fingers, industry and his lenience, a little stubbornness, humor and amiableness are his special characteristics.
When he was young, he was apprenticed to a carpenter.
During the process of sawing a log, he carelessly sawed his finger.
At that moment, he did not realize that his finger had left his body.
Nevertheless, he thought that he just hurt himself and stayed calm.
Unfortunately, his fingers cannot be connected because it was too late to be cured.
Although he just has nine fingers, he works hard for his family all the time like a normal man.
After muddling with washing his face, he grabs a quick breakfast and hurries to work just like most men of his generation who do not care much about trifles in daily life even their own appearance.
Sometimes I wonder whether my father pays attention to my study which I am so concerned with.
He never berates me for my bad grades and seldom speaks highly of my good grades.
Now and then I ask him about the reason, he just says, "It is your own business.
Gradually I understand it.
As an average person, he does not prefer putting excessive pressure on me and my brother.
All he wants is to offer us an unrestrained life and expect us to take a carefree attitude towards our future.
Although I or my brother make mistakes or offend him, he can only scold us in a few words.
He shows his hot temper in front of us scarcely ever.
My mother always complains my father's education principle because she regards his indulgence and lenience as a way of spoiling child.
However, he still insists in regardless of others opinion for he deems it is right.
My father loves to talk with me cheerfully and humorously, ranging from current news to his experience.
I remember on one occasion, we were talking about apparel and shoes in the past comparing with the present.
"I was the only one who owned a pair of leather shoes in our village when I was 15 years old.
He stated proudly as if he was so marvelous.
I asked with curiosity.
He raised his voice with proud expression on his face again.
Many people say that father is a symbol of majestic mountains, but fathers can be emotional too.
Getting drunk loosens the tongue.
I have ever seen my father cry when he was drunk.
There was worriment and complaint but what really touched me is the love for me and my brother.
We are always the essential part in his words.
my hometown and parents,I couldn't catch sight of any familiar faces and have to cultivate my independence..Also,living in a room with limited space,I shoud try my best to build a harmonious domitory life for the sake of good study and good life.Secondly,during high school,I had no choice but to bear excessively heavy study loads and stress.What's more,seldom did we have activities,especially when the college enterance examination was approaching,which made me feel rather bored.Things have changed since I entered the university.Teachers don't distribute too much homework.Besides,there are colorful activities such joining the student union,attending lectures,going to the library and so on,which I think are extremely beneficial to me all through my life.Last but not least,the teaching method at college differ from that in high school.I used to be engaged in doing things as teachers told me to passively.How unwilling I was!
At college,activity is the only road to knowledge.I'm not forced to do the things I don't really like.We have lively discussions ,comparing notes with each other freely,not just hear teachers say all through the class.This is really what I need.I can voice my opinions,which in fact makes me feel I really study for myself,not for anybody else.Apart from this ,with less strict discipline at college,self-control is of great significance.As a college student,I ought to spare no time to aquire knowledge as much as possible to achieve goals all by myself.
All in all,my college life is pretty different.Whatever I see on the compus enriches my mind and broadens my horizons.I realize that it's time to prepare myself for the future.Different from the life in high school,I'm energetic and passionate everyday,not just existing,but enjoying my life.
Nowadays,online shopping is a new shopping way.It is very simple and easy.But onlie shopping always has some flaws.For example,you can't face to face the goods.You do not know if the goods is nice.
Although,onlie shopping has some flaws.We have to think how to control this new way.I think that we must be get more and more experiences that onlie shopping.Or you can choose some famous online shopping company.
In this time,online shopping will be become a stronge shopping way.Because onlie shopping can save our time and money.We can't away from online shopping.
When I was 10 years old I always wanted to be a big boy.
And I can do anything by myself without my parents.
And I still remember that days.
One day my mom told me that she and my father will travel a few days,so I must take care of myself in these days and I was so excited at that time.
In the next day morning my parents have gone to the other place I feel so happy and I buy some my favorite foods for breakfast then I watch tv until the lunchtime but I don't feel hungry so I eat some snacks but the tvshows are so boring that I go to play basketballs with my friends until the dark then I go back to home and play the computer games but the time is too fast to me I play the game until the midnight then I sleep.
The second day I got up so late that I was late for school and without the breakfast but unluckily I felt so bad,a lesson later I found that I have got bad cold then I went back to home by myself have medicine by myself.
I feel lonely,cold and I miss my parents very much I want to see them now.
I call them and they come back in night they take care of me and finally I am fine.
This experience let me realize how important my parents are and they are the most person in my life,I love my parents.
Some times,I ask myself what I intend to do in the future.I have a dream in my childhood that I want to a nurse.In that Nightingale is my idol and she is my goddess .
In my opinion,to be a nurse is my happiness.The nurse is a noble occupation and as far as I am concerned the white uniform is extremely beautiful.The nurse is seen as help,assistance and selfless dedication.As far as I am concerned that to help others is a happy thing .
Nowadays,in my view,I should do something to go to realize the dream.To learn more knowledge to enrich myself .There is that old saying that knowledge is power.If I worked hard enough,my dream would come accurate.Only by these way can we have a bright future.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
A majority of students think that high school students should get online frequently .The reasons are as follow.
However,some students hold a different idea.They think it is bad for our eyes if we spend too much time on it.What is more,students may lost in chatting and playing computer games,as a result,we can not have enough time and energetic to study.
In my opinion,we had better get online properly so that we can not only study well but also have fun online.
Reading has an influence to our study, in my opinion ,learning by doing is important,because knowledge is fixed ,but reality is changeable .
I think, none of knowledge is absolutely right, if we learn by doing, we will get the best and rightist sense, for example, Marx never only learn in the desk, he made theory in combination with doing, as a result, he became one of the greatest thinkers in the history.
However, we also need to read many books.
There is lots of knowledge and thinking which the writer has in books.
They will increase our vision and make everything possible.
Reading is necessary,but learning by doing is more important.
Smoking on campus is very popularity ,more and more teenagers be gain to smoking.
Today many young people like smoking .Some teenagers had begun to smoke when they are at school.They may also feel upset about many things and they think it is very cool,but l think it is a bad behavior .First ,it is bad for our healthy ,now many people because of smoking get to illness.Second ,if you do it in public places,many people will feel uncomfortable ,and they might think you are a un-polite people .As l know ,today many women start smoking ,oh,it is scary .Last ,as we know ,there are much pollution on the earth ,the largest one is by smoking and the other bad thing for the sky .As you know,smoking is bad for our body ,just like our lung and our respiratory passage.When you smoke more and more, the function of you lung and your respiratory passage will not work effectively as usual.
Smoking is bad for our healthy ,we shall call for giving up smoking.As one can see it is not recommended for people to smoking on campus due to the effects it has on smokers as well as nonsmokers.
One morning,my mother and I had a quarrel.There was nothing happened but I said something made her angry.Maybe not my words but my attitude to her made her angry and sad.There was nothing predicting but we quarreled.
I supposed that it was my mistake,but I could't help quarreling with her.I didn't know why I became this.Maybe it was because of the generation gap.
Every morning when I get up I feel uncomfortable.Maybe it is because I get up early and I go to bed late.So I was angry that I couldn't help quarreling with others.
In my opinion,it is common to families that the generation gap causes quarrels.It will be better when the children grow up.
Teacher are very important to children,they must be rich in knawledge so that they can teaching us,and let us get more knawledge.I think a good teacher should like to give students a lot of tests and love to talk to students.
So they can better understand the weaknesses ofthe students.In the class,a good teacher need to be amusing and interesting and have favourite student's.
What's more,a good teacher must know that what he will teach and what he can teacher.I also think a good teacher should try to be one of us so that he can become a nice model to them and tell them how to be by acting himself.That's all what I think about a good teacher.What about you?
Everyone and everyone's ideas are not the same.
My answer is, respect everyone's choice.
When we are in a group, we should be responsible for the collective.
During class activities, is our collective is active, the opinions of the majority of people, even if not the best, also is not the worst.
If most people's opinion consistent, we should respect the idea of most people.
Remember once, the school sports meeting, I propose that dances, but most people say they are more willing to learn from the class and martial arts.
And I think dancing is more ornamental, so I put forward a proposal for dance performance better, but the classmates think martial arts is more beautiful, so I chose to obey the opinion of most people.
Facts have proven that they are right, more powerful martial arts, our performance is very perfect, won the applause of the whole.
Since the birth of "Dolly Goat" in 1997, people in the whole world have been against the clone of human being, Many scientists, for and against the clone, have begun their fierce discussion and debate around this issue.
I'm absolutely against human cloning.
Clone is wonderful but must be handled seriously.
As for human cloning, it must be prohibited.
First and foremost, human cloning may bring serious moral and ethical problems.
It may be hard to solve these problems.
Another problem may be that human cloning would cause unrest of social order.
When someone commits a crime, we are not able to identify who the criminal is.
Despite the great benefit that organ cloning would bring us, human cloning is likely to do far more harm than good.
I believe, and will insist that human cloning is wrong.
There are two men who shared the rain shelter walking in the rain.What's more,they are tightly shake hands with each other,in the meanwhile,looking with each other.All of which is touching.
A true friendship does not appear in the sunshine,but in the rain.I'll drink to that.For one thing the true friendship should give each other and for another when we thought back to the day we are together,which makes us feel warm.On the contrary,people who always play with you are stays away from you when you are in trouble.Obviously,there are not true friendship.
In any case,the real friends who won't stay away from you try to support you.
All in all,wherever we are,we need to the true friendship,of course,sharing with each other is crucial which can establish the bridge of friendship.What's more,true friendship which likes the sunshine makes us warm.
Last Wednesday was our Spring Festival.In the morning,my father ,my mother and I went to my grandmother's home.After us, my uncle,my aunt and my sister arrived.We talked a lot and said 'Happy new year!
'to each other.Of course,I got some 'red-pocket'.At noon,we ate delicious food which was cooked by my father and my uncle .
In the afternoon,we can hear the firecrackers clearly , it also means 'New Year is coming'.In the evening,we also ate dumplings as usual.
After supper,we watched TV to see the New Year performances.And I,looked through the window ,saw the fireworks outside.
Every one was happy,not only because New Year is coming,but also we got together.
Well,in the end.Happy New Year!
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.I also take part in some activities.
For example,I often take exercises after class.When I run on the playground,I aslo feel very tired.But I know I must go on running and never give up,because it's good for my body.As if I insist on taking exercises every day,I believe I will be very healthy.I think take part in your school community is also a good idea.
The community include all kinds of activies and you can choose one which you're like.In my spare time,I always search for some English flims to look, it's good for students to improve your English.
In my opinion, choosing the after-school activities is depend on yourself.If you like the things,just do it.
Now is a competition time, never less cooperation is also a sign of the times.
So what is the relationship between competition and cooperation.
In the first place ,competition is a common phenomenon in our school life ,which will appear in the company,school and so on.
Competition not only can stimulate the human creative spirt, but also make human body abundant and the thought agile.
In the second place, competition can improve one's ability while the same kind of cooperation can also.
Only the application of competition and cooperation together, can we make our life better and better.
At last ,while advocating competition, we mustn't forget cooperation.
If there is no competition, cooperation will lack vitality.
The competition lets us go forward unceasingly ,but cooperation lets us in the society the good life.
Above all,a full description of the importance of cooperation and competition.
I am totally agree with him.In my opinion,a lot of things we had done unconsciously do have great influence on the environment.
For a long time,we over explore our lands to have room for more and more people to live,which made grasslands and forests become deserts.We fell woods,exploit coal,oil to burn,which led to global warming.We use plenty of water to drink,to wash,to produce products,but at the same time,we poll the used water into rivers,causing water polluted.
To live a comfortable life,and with the technology developing,scientists had invented air-conditioner,refrigerator,whose material caused the damage of ionosphere.It is the same with battery,the one can pollute groundwater for hundreds years.
It is obvious that what we had done just for us benefit do harmful to our environment.But we did not realize it until recently.Those are good examples for ignorance in action.
To protect our earth,we have to know the influence of what we had done on environment.Only if we realize the significance of thinking before you leap can we do better on the environment protecting.
During the time, students are required to be evaluated teachers after pursue a college education.
In some cases it can be necessary.
For certain, it is a work that we have to do.
As far as I know, there is no doubt that some students think we have no need to evaluate teachers.
To a great extant, they have devoted to acquire knowledge instead of observing their teachers.
Unquestionably, they do not understand their teachers who meet with them only in class time at least some quantity of students.
In addition to academic work, they have no communicated with others.
In my opinion, I am firmly convinced that I disagree to evaluate teachers.
As is known to all, most of teachers face to us is only just like a teacher that we relate to others as polite as possible, but not friend show up the truth.
So I think it is redundant for me to do it.
However, it don not means we are not intend to get along with teachers, many people prefer to make friends with them.
To conclude, this is not a absolute question.
It has been estimated that smoker have made up half of the population in china .
And the smokers are becoming younger and younger , even including some middle school students .
Nowadays an increasingly number of people have realized smoking can do harm to people's health .
However , some people still enjoy smoking .
In that some of them think it is a kind of fashion , some think it is fun and others , think that smoking can refresh themselves.
In fact , smoking is a bad habit , It can cause a lot of diseases .
Meanwhile smoking is a waste of money .
Besides , careless smokers may cause dangerous fires .
Smoking is harmful and it is not only bad for smokers themselves , but also bad for non-smokers.
Therefore , I hope all the smokers can give up smoking for themselves and also for the people around them.
Nowadays,Online Shopping is becoming more and more popular.And more people like Online Shopping especially young people.
they can buy what they need on the Internet at home,and they can use the lower price,so it not only save the time and enery but also the money.For some retailor,it save the costs that are used to rent a store in the downtown.But some people think it has some disadvantages.On the one hand,the qualities of goods lack of guarantee.On the other hand,it is not safety,because our information maybe let out.
As far as I'm concerned,Online Shopping is a good way for us to go shopping.And itis unwise to refuse to eat for fear of choking.In order to make more people enjoy the convenience and pleasure of Online Shopping,we should carry out some laws to prevent some lawless conducts.Only in this way can we has a safety and harmonious Internet environment.
Recently, there's a common phenomenon that happens in many colleges, a great many freshmen can not adapt to the new college life.
They aren't able to deal with things independently or make up their own minds either.
When something happened to them, they may be always at a loss.
SoI am in the point of view that children should be allowed to make their own choice.
First of all, when children are young, they may develop lots of hobbies, however, each child has the nature to play, at this time, parents shouldn't force their children to do too many things such as making them study the courses which they don't like at all.
That'll push the infant staying away from a happy childhood.
They should be allowed to choose something for themselves.
Secondly, I think making a choice is a kind of ability that children should develop, including independent thinking as well as independent behaviours.
These are two important skills.
If they don't have these abilities they may lose many chances in the modern society.
Thirdly, learning to make their own choice also represents a kind of responsibility.
Chidren should be responsible for everything they did, before they do it they should have thought about the consequence.
If children always depend on their parents and their parents choose everything for them, they may go into some bad habits.
What's more, each child has great potential.
Parents should trust their children that they are independent enough to choose things for themselves.
Children can also learn a lot from the mistakes they make during this procedure so that they could make great progress.
Laet but not least, as far as I'm concerned, though children should be allowed to make their own choice, they shouldn't make choices at random.
There's a need for them to choose something under their parents guidance.
If they are too stubborn, they might choose something they'll regret.
My former schoolmate Anna will come today, but I have no time to meet her because of my exam.
She is a tall girl with straight black hair, carrying a red bag.
I would appreciate it if you can give me a hand.
I always think Living in the city is extremely hard.
Yes, because the bad environment, such as air pollution, water pollution and the most important topic I want to say is noise pollution.
Noise pollution gives us bad mood, and we even can't sleep, so, it's harmful to our health.
There are many cars driving on the road.The bus whistles frequently so that you tend to get bad feeling, and also you'd like to cover your ears.The government wants to manage this, but it didn't work.
So we have to stand that.
Not coming singly but in pairs, many factories make a noise, too.
You can make a noise during the daytime, but you should never make a noise at night.
Maybe we can't control the character of goods, but we can control our behavior.
Contact with many new things into the university,I participated in many activitie.
When I just entered the university ,I took part in the military training ,We will get up early to training .
Through the guidance of the coach ,Completed the last exercise .
Although very tired but very happy.
Through this training, I don't feel any impossible, as long as you stick to your dream, with perseverance, like soldiers will succeed .
As college students, I think we have more stamina than others ,dream ,And confidence .
Through this military training ,I know how strong as a soldier ,But we're good, every day in class ,Already forget to dream .
Therefore, I hope I can have a dream and stick to my dream.
Military training hone my will, strengthened my confidence ,I am very happy to study in the campaign .
I believe I can succeed.
Although only a few days of training, but let me grow up a lot,I won't retreat in case of difficulty,When I succeeded not proud ,I will study hard in the university ,In the future efforts into a useful man ,Return to society .
As a college student, I know I should strive to become a successful man.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
We always dream of having a good future.
This time I want to tell you my future.
We will certainly have our own family.
Ten years later, I have finished my study.
Maybe I have found a good husband and have a very cute baby.
I will take two years off in order to take care of my baby.
Then I will find a job that I like.
I remember that I have fallen in love with reporting since I was four.
It's my dream and it will never change.
I want to be a reporter so I have to work hard now.
I think I will play with my child most of the time.
Although I have not enough time to do the things I like, I will still feel happy.
Everyone has his own future.But the future is always up to now.We should work hard to better have a good future.Ten years later,I want to become better!
Univsity is our dreams.
our own culture.
In the university can leam knowledge and technology, this can be for us on the platform of society have a better future.
interpersonal relationship.
individuals to manage their own.
Because everyone has a dream since l was a child that as into the "university" reading.
The modern university requires students' Evaluation of Teachers,and more strictly to teachers.
This is a good way to improve teachers'level.But many people against this view,they thought it's impolite, lose the objective and notarized,sometimes,stuents'evaluation not proof the teaching level, but I think it's a good thing.
Promote the communication between teachers and students ,especially to some shy students,they never have a chance to talk their teachers,so they can use this chance to communicate with their teachers.And teachers will know more about their students.
At the same time,to learn some new things,improve them-self.So,they can do it better.
Students have right to evaluate their teachers,but this is not the only standard to assessment teachers.Students' evaluation is not comprehensive.Some students don't like this teacher,they will give some bad comments,maybe this will hit teacher's passion.However,as a teacher,most important thing is seriously teaching.
This is a new way in education,I think it's useful to their teaching,also help students.
So, this is my opinion.
Dormitory, a family of minor group.In the family, a warm, happy, complain, there is sadness.
During the university time, we most of the time living in the small collective.
In the small collective, we will have a sour, sweet, bitter, hot.
We would sit together watching comedy and laughter.
We will be excellent quarters honor and excited.
But we also because of some small and large noise disturb, blaming each other, causing different quarters.
Everyone in the same life, harmony is very important.
The dormitory is not harmonious, what outstanding title is not, anything will do no good.
As with the boards of different lengths making barrels, will never fill water.
So we must be harmonious dormitory.
The establishment of harmonious dormitory.we need to do what a happy thing or fun things with roommate to share.
Encounter problems, we make concerted efforts to solve the.
Make all-out efforts, not return to dormitory makes contribution.
Such a harmonious dormitory will be established.
The Spring Festival is our traditional festival, is the day of reunion.
Every Chinese New Year we usually eat dumplings.
Now it's time to learn how to make dumplings.
And the first step: Put some salt in a glass of warm water, put the eggs into the flour.
Water will be slowly into the pelvic floor, stir with chopsticks, feel no dry flour,all in dough ball can laid hands on him and, dough strength, knead until the surface is very smooth and good, then face basin light hand light is the best state.
Note: live in advance, because want to have "wake up" process, it is best to live well in the morning, afternoon package.
Surface pot cover, prevent moisture to evaporate.
In the second step mixing paste: paste salt, gourmet powder, ginger foam, soy sauce, cooking wine, sesame oil and water.
You can also add some pepper.
Clockwise agitation, feel all the things together.
Step 3 chop vegetables: choose your favorite vegetables, usually I use Chinese cabbage and leek.
Chinese chives, cut into small pieces cabbage to chop, finally feel dish very dilute the appearance of the call, and then with gauze, drain the water.
With leek and stir in the meat, it is better to have a taste recorded, if add some more salt, dumpling stuffing is done.
Step 4 pull the dough: take out dough is awake, roughly divided into four, so that we can avoid the process of package surface dry.
Take a first, basin, the rest of the back cover, or cover with a towel, also prevent moisture to evaporate.
Will this small portion of the dough, knead slits, cut into small pieces with a knife.
Step 5 rolling skin: at this time the table there is a lot of cut into small sections, hand rub into flat, look like flying saucers.
With a rolling pin roll, pay attention to the middle thick edge thin and middle thick prevent filling leakage, edge thin taste good.
Note: the wrappers don't rolling lot, or a long time the skin did not good package.
Step 6: making dumpling stuffing into the skin of the central, don't put too much stuffing.
Pinch the central, and then knead on both sides, then from middle to both sides will squeeze the wrappers edge, so dumplings will not leak when the pot to boil the soup.
And then find a big plate, northerners generally use cutting board, neatly packed in it.
Note: each dumpling do, want to touch a little surface at the bottom of the dumplings, prevent the dumplings in the plate.
Step 7 boiled dumplings: burn a pot of boiling water, when the water boils, put dumplings in, and promptly agitation (clockwise), to prevent dumplings together in the water.
After three times of cold water poured, cooked dumplings.
Affix a cook; wait until plump dumplings float on the surface of the water.
Open to eat at this moment, hot dumplings the most delicious, add some mature vinegar, and add some chili oil, for its freshness.
Notice also that the dumplings on the plate, to make a flip, lest stuck on the plate, dumpling is broken is not good.
Spring Festival is coming soon.
traditional festival.
Spring Festival counts for every Chinaese.
hometown to get together with their relatives.
days.
prepare.
forward to getting money which is given as a lunar New Year gift.
the New Year's coming.
Now,I hope you have some idea of chinese Spring Festival.
primary school and junior middle school.It was not until senior middle school did I realized how unreal my dream was and I felt funny when I recalled my dream.
In senior middle school ,the only dream in everyone's heart was able to attend college including me.Thought we didn't know the result ,we all expanded much and we were willing to do so.Fortunately,I achieved my first dream and went to university,though it took me twice chance,I was very happy all the time.
Now I have finished college study and become a postgraduate .Then I face that question again.Of course,this time I will answer carefully.After thinking over,I decide my dream is able to find a good job,take good care of my family and this dream will go with me all my life.In order to reach my dream ,I will study professional knowledge well and even to be a specialist of my field.Now I will work hard ,do my utmost and take action immediately.I wish my dream will come true ,your'too.Thank you.
I feel honoured to deliver a speech as the organizer of this competition.Taking part in this competition is essential to English learners at different levels.Not only can you improve your oral English and listening ability,but also it will contribute to helping you form a good habit of reading.Besides,there are some rules that participants should pay attention to.First,the time of the speech will be limited within five minutes.Second,every participant should be skilled at speak English fluently.Only by this waycanyou express yourself better and leave a good impression on the audience.Finally,everyone is required to pronounce as precisely as possible.
Yesterday,I met a hassle about my roomate.
My roomate watched the football match on the Internet.
He cheered his favourite team when he watched the match.At that time,I was went over my lessons.Not only the voice of the football match but also his sound was too loud and influenced me.I was so angry and I could not bear it.I told him that he shall turn the TV down and did not be noisy.He was very ashamed of that.He took my advice and said sorry to me.I forgave him .
So I could go over my lessons at a quiet night.
Nowadays,a reality talent show,The Vocie of China,has entered people's vision .It attracts a large number of TV audience and turns out to be unexpected success overnight.
This program offers a new audition .In this audition,judges are not able to listen the singers singing face to face .They can just turn their chairs back to show the interest in the singers whom they want to teach and sing together.What's more,if more tham one judge turns back,the singer has an opportunity to choose one of them.
In my point of view,what impressed me most is there is no fake.Everything is true.I think that's why so many audiences enjoy the show.It also impressed the importance of dream and spread the positive energy!
The different person has quite different views on dividing into groups.They also have different reasons.
Some person suppose that we should divide into groups.
Nonetheless others have different views.
The reason that those who think we should divide into groups thinking are good to ourselves.
Admittedly, we can assist each other.
But those who hold the opposite views think that if we divide into groups we will talk with teammates.
If we do that, we can't study well.Furthermore, it would be bad for our study.
In conclusion,as far as I am concerned we should divide into groups.
I think we should learn to command ourselves.
If we can control ourselves, we must get well.
Therefore I think we should divide into groups.
Most children stay home lonely.
Of course,I stay at home lonely,too.
My parents always order me to do something.
I am very bored with them although they love me very much.
And they would be on business in two days.
They told me a lot of things.
However,I couldn't hear them.
After they setting out,I started playing the computer games.
The game is so cool that I had played it for four hours.
And I went to the playground to play basketball with Russell.
Two hours later,I felt very tired and hungry.
So I had some bread.
However,it couldn't be filled with my abdomen.
So I wanted to cook some rice,but I burnt it so it tasted very terrible.
One day later,my parents came back.
They cooked a meal for me.
I thought it was very nice.
In fact,I think that staying at home lonely isn't very great.
In recent years, hunters of thousands of people in china take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.So, this contribute to the civil service exam fever.
In my opinion, A lot of collage students because their parents force was forced to take an examination of civil servants.This will lead to a lot of collage students lose their dreams into the civil service to society at the same time.Many people think that take an examination of the civil servants in this life is carefree, it really is not a good one million.And I think this is not a perfect system of civil servants if not in time management, this will lead to the following official corruption.
The last, I hope you don't rush to enter oneself for an examination of civil servants, find a suitable development path is very important.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switerland which belongs to central European area.It covers a area of forty-one square metres.On the other hand,it has a tiny population of 7,500 thousand people.Berne is the capital city of the country.What's more,Geneva is also a famous city.
