No person is perfect.
When you complain you company, you tend to focus more on what they like about each other than on what they do not like.
Secondly, express your appreciation.
If we do so, love is gone gradually.
Love needs nurturing.
We must show our appreciation, say, "This is great" or "I love you".
Thirdly, take time to talk.
Talk about your feelings and needs, not about judgements and criticisms.
If you want to be happy, you should talk to each other " all the time " about " absolutely everything".
When in doubt about whether to say what's on your mind in the words that are forming on the tip of your tongue, consider how you would feel if your spouse said that to you.
If the tension between you is just too thick, write your concerns in a love letter.
If you keep doing this, love may be alive.
Love needs nurturing.
We should not be just interested in giving and receiving love.
We need to learn to how to keep love and make love alive.
There has existed the death penalty all around the world since thousands of years ago.
If one killed another or committed other crimes,he would be sentenced to death .In order to deter crimes, the death penalty has a long history.With the progress and development of society, human civilization has got to such a high point that people begin to pay more and more attention to the death penalty.Every country has made strict law about what kind of crimes deserve it.And some countries even has called off the death penalty by making law,some states of America,for example.
In the recent years, the death penalty has been getting much more attention than ever before from people all over the world.Whether it is a step back or not has been a hot issue.Some people believe that the death penalty is a step back and should be abolished.They don't suppose that the death penalty will deter the crimes;and will bring more pain to the families of offenders.While others oppose it.They claim that it will take effects on decreasing the rate of crimes.As far as I am concerned, I'm in favor of the former one.I don't think the death penalty can completely get rid of crimes.
If one murdered another ,the one wouldn't come up to life again even if the other is sentenced to death.Furthermore,it will cause more tragedies .And if one committed other crimes,what has done cannot be undone,so his death would not change anything.On the contrary,if we can help him change his mind to be good -by education or labor,there will follow another happy family.
I admit that the death penalty will deter crimes in some way,but it is too cruel for the criminals'family.And it can't deter the crimes wholly,what'more,,it will bring more sorrows to the society.Though it is a must to punish the evils,I think that there are more ways other than the death penalty,however.Personally,moral education will be a better way to give criminals and their family more hope of life.
I hope that the death penalty can be abolished in the near future.
Nowadays,the Internet has spread ed all across the world.
It has provided us with great convenience,such as online shopping.
As a matter of fact,online shopping has become a modern part of our life.
In the first place, a lot of people buy commodity on the Internet every day.
Bacause it saves both time and money as well as offers more choices for us.
Furthermore,we can catch the fashion tendency without stepping outside as various clothes are on the Internet.
At last,online shopping not only can get goods quickly but get more relax compared with shopping in the street.
On the other hand,there are so many traps that we ignored.
A great deal of junk information spread through the Internet which clouds our judgment and leads to choose the fake and shoddy products.
In addition,as for the goods we cannot touch,smell,taste.
So we have no idea if the quality is really well.
Generally speaking, online shopping is a double-edged sword.
We should enhance the capability of judgment,and pay more attention to the goods, the comments from other people, and the reputation of the businessman.
If we careful enough we can get our life more convenience.
As far as we can know, Every year hundreds of thousands of people in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.Why the reason makes the civil servants exam so "Hot ".
In my opinion, I think it have many reasons for this phenomenon.The phenomenon should be attributed to following impacts.Firstly supervisor sounds like pretty job.Conventional wisdom is that working for all citizens is respectable.If one is a citizen servant, all his relatives may feel pround in our country.Secondly, it is believed that supervisor has good job condition and fascinating salaries.The permanent job makes people feel security especially in this new, diverse, competitive society.The last but not the least, as a civil servant, there will be perfect welfare.
Form my opinion, national civil servants can be an appealing career out of question, but everyone should make their choices by considerate thoughts, rather than go with the stream.I insist that, in any profession, there is someone excels all the rest.Had one devoted himself to this interests, he would make a breakthrough.
I am writing to agree with the view that Mr Andrews expressed last week.
In my oppinion,circuses should be banned in our city.Like Andrews said in the letter,wild animals have the right to be free in the world.They also have the feeling about the environment around.I think they also like freedom,enjoy the time playing with their friends,want to live with their family happily but not live in small cages,full of training everyday...Nowadays more and more people become care about animals,we should also care about animals in hundreds and thousands of circuses,some of them may be old,some of them may be sick...I think it is time for us to let them be free and we should say sorry to them.
If the aspects of life in cities cause so much more violence than elsewhere, the situation seems to be hopeless.
Moving from one city to another does not work at all like the new town of Milton Keyness.
It is easy to understand for the planners did nothing to disturb the urban pattern of specialization and impersonality, especially in Milton Keyness.
The only way to escape from this vicious circle is to create circumstances like communes where people feel more in control of their life.
So far, they had no effect of solving the problem, but they are a step in the right direction.
As for government, all that they can do is to grasp every opportunity to foster a sense of community of people's.
Evidence that improvements are possible comes from the establishment of neighborhood councils which were set up by voluntary action.
The suggestions made above for solving the problem of urban violence conspicuously cannot make a difference immediately, for urban violence results from a mental attitude gradually by circumstances, which means if the circumstance are changed, the violence will only gradually disappear.
In recent years,many social networks gradually into the people lines of sight,for example,QQ,MSN,RenRen,and it extremely popular.
QQ most wo konw,and many people have QQnumber,accord to me,most student have QQnumber,and them very like it,not only that,some old peopel have QQnumber,and I think the old people is very fashion.So,we can konw how to QQ with great charm.For the RenRen,I think most student know it,RenRen is a website,people can use own true information registration,so,most primary school student and old people haven't RenRen account,but RenRen still very hot,because people can speak freely and make friendship with another.Today,social networks is developing very fast,people should learn to adapt to,but some people think social networks is good,because it can make it easier for people to communicate with each oher;some people think it bad for teenagers,because them think it is easier to make teenagers crime.
At last,I think everyting have two sides,and look at the phenomenon we need to dialactically,we should take long to avoid short.
My hometown is Q county of G province.
Today, I would like to talk about it.
Q is in the northeastern of G, and it's adjacent to Hu Nan province.
It's 125 KS away from Gui Lin.
It is also one of the 12 counties around Gui Lin.
The land area is 4021.19 squares KS and the population is 778000.
It's the widest land area and the most population county of Gui Lin.
The climate zone is subtropical monsoon climate.
It's full of rainfall, sunshine, and the land is fertile.
It's suitable for crop growth, development of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery industries.
Territory is rich in rice, wheat, corn.
It's known as the "land of fish and rice","granary of northern G".
At present, the state industry has formed to building materials, paper making, food processing, machinery parts, chemical these five pillar industries.
It has had complete financial, commercial and cultural system.
In recent years, the meteoric rise of township enterprises.
Commercial activity, market prosperity, is xiang-gui corridor on the eye.
The state has a long history of culture.
The emperor yuan ding six years organizational system.
The taiping heavenly kingdom movement with the army in the coir cross a bloody battle, the red army long march to loss during more than half of it.
There are many places of interest, such as drink rainbow bridge, the bird's nest floor, xiang ShanSi, miaoming tower, Kong's YaKe, etc.
An ancient celebrities, records of the Ming dynasty Jiang Mian, the master of shi tao, and so on.
Now,jiang shuyu, pan wenbo, jiang qinhui,etc.
The state's education are among the best in GuangXi.
As the county only a key middle school, Quan Zhou Gao Zhong has made remarkable achievements, and it has prepared a large number of talents for the society.
The state has characteristics of products.
The famous "three hot":ginger, garlic, chili whose production among the top of G. Orange, red melon seeds, peanuts, tea leaves, ginkgo, such as great, for the traditional export products.
Especially the grain fish, recorded for the imperial tribute.
The grain fish's output can reach 1000 tons a year.
In addition, it is rich in plum, water chestnut, grape, jujube quality, sweet pear, etc.
Besides, xiangshanjiu and red oil noodles are also worth mentioning.
There are many tourist attractions.
I intend to introduce for you the tianhu and the hot spring of daxijiang.
Tianhu is a hydropower station which has a wide area on the top of it.
Like a prairie, and like a flower bed.
Growing on the lush grass and colorful flowers.
It is said that there is a waterfall hanging down from above, like a tape water.
It is extremely spectacular.
The scenery of tianhu is pleasant all the year.
Likewise, the hot spring of daxijiang is also keeping the same temperature all the year.
When you feel tired, you might go look at the spa.
This is my hometown Quan Zhou, a rich and beautiful place.
As a person of Quan Zhou, I feel proud and happy.
I sincerely hope that the development of Quan Zhou is better and better and attract more and more people to visit it.
With the development of our society, the kinds of people's entertainment have become more and more multifarious.
Among these various activities, the roller skating appears very frequent.
Because of its entertainment, environmental conservation, health building and thrill, it has been received as a popular and fashion sports.
However, in order to play a wonderful roller skating show, we have to make great efforts.
As to it, I want to give some basic information .Obviously, the choice about the shoes and field, the warming-up exercise and the most fundamental element- roller skating skill are just the steps to make it.
As we all know, the appropriate field and comfortable shoes are the necessary conditions for skating.
In terms of the people who play the slalom-skating, they always play the different actions accompanied by the music, which seems highly entertaining.
They choose the shoes that its tool post is low with the four different sizes wheels.
But for speed skating, it's a sport to challenge the limitations of human beings, so we should choose the higher tool post and bigger wheels than the former.
And the shoes are made of carbon for reducing the weight.
As to the field, we can play the skating on the capacious and flat ground, such as the volleyball court and basketball court, which can makes some aids for taking beautiful actions.
Next, the warming-up exercise is also the indispensable step for this sport.
It can give our brain some stimulate and avoid the sudden exercise to pull a muscle.
Thus before playing, we have to do some exercise aimed at stretch our legs.
Trying to sit on the ground, keeping two feet close to each other, letting the knees towards outside to the ground as close as possible, and handing the ankles, we just keep this posture ten seconds and repeats three times.
After these actions, we also do some slight activity in place.
Then the sport just begins.
Finally, mastering the roller skating skill is the most important step to show an exciting skating.
The first lesson is to learn how to tumble.
We need to wear the protective clothing for elbow, wrist and knee.
When falling down, we should throw ourselves to the ground on our whole power and disperse the impact force by the protective clothing.
Besides, we also need avoid falling backward or the simple part to bear the force.
Then learning to walk is the basic step.
Keep the balance and catch force, drew close the heel, lower the force, walk as the splayfoot state, and keep the every step and the force at the same pace.
Now the basic points have been introduced and next what we should do is the diligent practice.
On campus or in the streets, we often see many cool roller skating players with our envious expression.
And we also know every success has to pay so much that few people can insist on till the end, just like skating.
Every pretty action must pay much sweat and tear.
With the repeat practices and the spirit of never giving up, we also will be the enviable person.
Nowadays, most college graduates confront with the problem of employment press.
As we know, the competition in the job market is fiercer and fiercer.
To achieve a job, people make a variety of preparations.
Some of them choose to attain some certificates to prove their strength by their hard work.
Others choose to take lessons for professional training.
Besides, there are also some people choosing to go abroad for further study to achieve the higher degree.
People think these can help them win in the job interview.
As far as I am concerned, to get a job, you should realize what you want to do first.
Many people merely follow the trend blindly to pursuit decent jobs.
For such a problem, firstly, we should be clear of what we really like and set a clear goal.
Secondly, we should spare above-mentioned efforts.
Only in this way can we succeed in the future employment.
I want to travel , I decide to go to Paris.Paris is a city with love, a great cuisine , and famous architecture.
This place is very beautiful.
I am looking forward to go there.
The climate in Paris is mild and comfortable.
Precipitation is uniform , carrying an umbrella is necessary.
I like the weather.
Paris is the largest city on the European continent , but also the world's most prosperous cities in the world .
French fashion in the world is very famous, a rich choice of materials , excellent , bold design , superb production technology ,make the French fashion has always lead the world in fashion trends.
Go to France I will take some toothpaste, toothbrush and other daily necessities.
I'll bring an umbrella camera.
I will wear new forms of dress.
When I go to Paris , I will go to Paris nightclub.I think It is very interesting.
In my opinion, university life is colorful.But I don't feel happy.
because I feel unhappy, I do not like the city of Hohhot.Every day in the school repeated 3.1 life, feel boring.
Remember to attend college entrance examination when the university is like a dream, but now expectations are far greater than the disappointment.In addition to every class is dwelling in the dormitory, slowly lost interest in learning.Gradually life also lost direction.
Time in a hurry.
I think we should read more books now.
Multiple travel.
Hope for the future.Have a plan to live.
Everyday life is full of energy.
Study hard make progress every day.On time to learn every day, go to the library to read books, listen to English radio.
More friends, actively participate in various activities and community.Go to bed and get up early to exercise, life is full of positive energy.
Do things with a positive attitude to face, seriously do everything,To take part in some part time at the weekend.
I think it's good for me.To have a life of their own.I believe in active college life.
Will bring us a lot of useful things.So we want to be full of hope for life.
I'm L,a middle school student from China and I'm study in London now.I'm writing this letter to tell you I want to live in a host family.
My suggestions are as follows.Firstly,the hoster of the house must be enthusiastic and he can speak English fluently,so it's easy for me to communicate with him.Secondly,I hope the hoster can offer me to free wash my clothes and I can cook by myself.Finally,it's better that my host family is in the center of the city and it's convenient for me to take the subway to my school.I believe I can get along well with other people in the host family.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
The Social Network Sites are so popular in present society.Why social network sites are so popular?In my opinion,many people are not good at communication,and they like keep indoors all day,so they like the Internet,making friends on the Internet,That is why the Social Network Sites popular.
What is you opinion about Social Network Sites?There are many different views on this,someone think Social Network Sites is good for us,because we can making many friends in that and can enrich our leisure time,The Social Network Sites to provide a plat form for the exchange.but someone don t agree with them,they think that not good for us,because there are a lot of false information on the internet,you cannot distinguish between right and wrong quickly.
In my opinion,Social Network Sites have advantages and disadvantages,If you can correct the understanding of this,there will give you a lot of good.
We are pleased to inform you that under our sales confirmation No.J - 29 of the goods shipped S.S."Pearl" , was transfered by S.S."May Flower" in Hongkong .
This series in cost and freight price .
We are sent a fax to you on March 15 , 2013 , in order to your prompt insure .
We are looking forward your reply .
Nowadays,making a conservation-oriented campus is extremely crucial.And the conception of conservation-oriented campus is economical and harmonious.Life's environment would get great.I suppose it is every student's duty to work hard to achieve this goal.
What's the reason for creating a conservation-oriented campus?Briefly speaking,economy makes life more nice.The conservation-oriented is a new and faddish topic .For us,we don't have a sense of the economy.It's exceedingly terrible.We should know that waste is shameful.
As a student,we should regard school as home.In other word,'love me ,love my dog'.On the one hand,consevation-oriented campus help students gain resources and energy.On the other hand,a conservation-oriented campus makes people have a positive habit.
In order to create a conservation-oriented campus,and taking action is best way.Frist of all,we must have a habit.We have a deep-entrenched misconception prevalent among college students.On the contrary,the economy is a kind of virtue .Then I could suggest and influence others.There are some positive suggestions.Saving water is a meaningful thing.Saving water is to cherish life.Schools ask students to save water.We should take advantage of electricity.Do never make the light on in all daytime if undue.It isn't easy.Students should reduce to use disposable things.Students could recycle whatever we can lay hands on.And so on.We must recognize that the minor efforts by a single individual may make a tremendous difference.What's more, we should offer to recommend our relatives and friends to save energy.
From my point of view,one of most essential aspects is the patient.Great campus is our home where we live in.Let go to create a conservation-oriented campus.Last but not least,weather we take part in the active,we would play an essential role in our campus.In a word,we have a dream that one day we will make our campus a pleasurable place to live.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.They are both tall and have straight hair,but Wang Mingling's hair is longer than Liu Lili's.They also have different things they like to do.Wang Mingling likes reading very much,but Liu Lili likes sports.They are popular,too.Is Liu Lili more outgoing than Wang Lingling?No,she isn't.Wang Lingling is as outgoing as Liu Lili.Wang Lingling is serious to her classes,and she's a hard-working girl.She always gets better grades.Liu Lili is not as serious as Wang Lingling,but she is funnier than Wang Lingling.And she is smarter than Wang Lingling.What a pair of different friends make.
College study is great transition compared to the high school study in that college study has many great differences.
Firstly, in high school ,teachers can help you solve any problem and you can also ask teachers for help to deal with all study problems.
You can gain many theory knowledge by high school study.nevertheless in college, there is little time meeting teachers.
What is more, college teachers can not help you solve study problems if you do not ask to them.
In addition, College study aims to develop students' critical thinking ability and practical skills.
Secondly, by high school study can help me be admitted into a good university.
However, college study in order to get a good job.
Thirdly, in high school, you can only to gain theory knowledge it can not help do something,nevertheless in college you can gain practical ability to achieve oneself dream.
Ms Bai is our incumbent math teacher.
She leave an impression on me during these days of starting school.She is carefully with her work ,she finds the mistakes of our homework and teaches our unclear knowledge one by one.
My mathematics isn't very goodat first,and I made much progress with her helps.
Her teaching methods is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.She makes difficult questions and give us instructions.
We worked by ourselves.
So we can understand better.But we didn't review the notes again.So we forget the knowledge somedays later.
But she taughts again.
She is patient with every students.We all love her!
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
Nowadays,with the widely use of the Internet,people are becoming increasingly aware of the significance of the Internet will not isolate us from ne another.From my point of view,the Internet will not isolate us from one anther.There are numerous reasons to support my point of view,and I would explore only a few of the most important ones here.
One of the primary causes is that the Internet can give us more information and latest news.
Since in this real world, information, technology, knowledge and things like that vary day by day, and the Internet is the most convenient and quickest way to communicate the latest information, the Internet, I think, will not isolate us from one another, but bring us to the latest and ever-changing world.
Another reason that can be seen by every person is that the Internet can get us more intimate with our old classmates and old friends.
Though by phone and letter, we can also keep in touch with one another, yet by phone it is impossible for us to talk too long with each other and it takes too much time to write and send a letter.
At any rate, communicating by e-mail is both more convenient and less time-consuming and the Internet will get us much closer to our old friends.
Taking into account of all these factors,we may draw the conclusion that the Internet makes it easier for us to make new friends.
In the real world, not all of us are bold enough to make friends with strangers.
However, it isn't a problem at all in the virtual world where you can 'talk' and make friends with strangers without knowing anything, even whether the stranger is a male or a female, but then we've made friends.
I'm L.I am so pleased to tell you about my high school life.First,my teachers and classmates in my high school were very friendly and enthusiastic.
I got on well with them.They always help me when I felt a sense of loss.Then,I had the courage and determination when I ran into one difficulty after another.
In addition,I studied hard in my high school and English is my favorite subject.I made efforts to improve myself.Luckily, I made steady progress in my study.sometimes,we took part in extracurricular activities.for example:dance,sing and help others.It's very interesting.
In my opinion,my high school life is wonderful.
When we enter the gate of college, we should recognize that our duty and identity may change a lot, which may change our way to study a lot.
First, we cannot depend on our teacher fully.
Therefore, we must learn to study by ourselves.
And the most important thing teacher will teach in class is not the knowledge from our books but the means of assembling and processing information of knowledge.
And then, we must learn to make full of our spare time.
We can do many things in our spare time: studying, having a rest or doing some sports.
Next, as a freshman, you should not join too many Student's Associations, which will waste you a lot of time to study.
Of course, it does not mean you cannot do such things.
After all, it will improve the ability to organize.
At last, do not think the knowledge we gain in our books is the only knowledge we should acquire in college life.
and so many other questions.
We have only one Earth,so please protect it.But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.
Now,let's talk about people who are doing some unfavorable things to the Earth.
Firstly,people catch a lot of fish and put dirty water into the river.It pollutes the water and kills a lot of fish.Without clean water,we can't keep healthy.So for ourselves,we shouldn't do it any more.
Finally,people cut down many trees.This destroys forests and animals' homes.Without forests,there will be many hurricanes in the future.Do you like hurricanes?Of course not.
So if we want to prove these problems and have a beautiful Earth.We should wake up people who are still hurt the Earth.When the Earth becomes a place we can't live any more,it's too late for us.So,we should do it from now.
We have only one Earth.I think everyone wants to live on a beautiful planet not a dirty one.So we should take care of it.If we can't live on the Earth any more,where can we go to?
We often divided into many groups when we are in school.
Such as the experiment of biology.
One side thinks that group cooperative learning is good.
Because when we are in the group, we can expand our horizon due to absorbing other's ideas.
So that we can improve our abilities of expression.
Because we often communicate with others when we change our ideas.
But on the other side, they think it is a waste of time.
Because they think when the students are learning together, they will chat or play.
In addition, they think they will have arguments when they hold different ideas.
So they can't finish the project well.
In my opinion,I think everything has its two sides.
But if we can make full use of the group cooperative learning, it would reward us.
No pains, no gains.
A listener is an important person in our life.
Without them, no one will know what we talk about and our opinions will not be understood.
Each of us should be a good listener.
People should listen to each other .
parents listen to their children , so they will know what their children think about.
On the one hand, Parents can learn what their children like and dislike.
On the other hand, this is will help eliminate the generation gap.
Teachers should listen to their students.
So that they will demand their students' requirements.
Teachers can help students study well.
Students could listen to each other to enhance the friendship, teach and learn from one another .
They will study happily together.
Being a good listener needs to be patient.
When someone is talking about their thoughts, we should listen carefully.
Most important, we should not interrupt the people at will.
If we disagree with him, just be silent and express our opinions after he finish his talk.
It is important for us to show respect for the one who talks to you.
If someone talks to you face to face, you can nod from time to time or repeat the key words.
What you do shows that you are concerning with his talk.
This is a good manner to show your personal quality, even though you do not agree with him at all.
This will help establish a good interpersonal relationship between others.
Sometimes listener also plays an important role as well as speakers in a speech.
We can learn a lot more from listening.
At college, the top student is admirable.
The teacher prefer them than other poor students, and give them more assistance.
The other students take them as an exampleare.
And then, they could get schoolship every year.
In a word, they were always surrounded by flowers and applauses.
The top student may has some common points.
For example, they must achieve high grades.
And they should have good interpersonal relationship.
They always take pleasure in helping people.
Not only do they enjoy learning, but also they like help others solve problem.
That's the top student, high-achieving and generous.
Don't want to be a general soldiers isn't a good soldiers.
As a college student, of course, I'll try my best to become a top student.
In the coming days, I'll make myself fall in love with learning and improve my communicative competence as far as possible.
I firmly believe that I'll become a high-achieving student.
I'm L, I will plan to stay the Double Ninth Festivel with olds in the nursing house.
I hope you can stay the Double Nith Festival with us.
We at school gate together.
At10.
We have lots of active.
Such as making dumplings and watching.
I hope you can take part in it.
It's good for you and you can have a good time.
I believe that you can join it.
You should eat dumpling so that you don't forget it's delicious.
You are able to watch good too.
Welcome to nursing house.I'm happy.
Nowadays cars more and more important in our life.
The number of cars is improving which not only make the traffic jams and pollute the environment but also damage people health and so on.
As far as l am concerned l think the goverment should take the measures that we should limite cars number to reduce air pollution.
As we all know every coin has two sides .
we should improve cars'advantage and indrease environment's pollution.
Environment is to us what water is to fish.
In recent years, Ningbo's catering services is developing rapidly, whose turnover reaches 83 billions.
What amazes us most is there are 10% of provisious that about 8billions are misused.
what an ironical scene it is.
The primary reasons of waste can be shown in the following aspects.
To begin with, objectively speaking , it's direct result of rapid urbanization .
Most of people don't understand that food is hard-earned.
They don't need to worry that they will be nothing to eat .
Besides, most squanderers lack of saving awareness and the sense of responsibility.They also order too much beyond the scope of they intake .
Last but not least , government today seldom pay muc attention to education of save food.
From the analyses made above, solving this phenomenon is imminent.
Firstly, we customers should form the habit of saving, it is not wise for us to order too much .
Furthermore, the way i see it is that as a government , to give publicity to the knowledge of releasing is absolutely.
Controning this phenomenon is a long process , it needs the effort of everyone.
In most western's festival, I'm interested in Mother's Day.
Because of my mother brought up when I was young that I think she is essential hard.
I want to make cards and help her do housework so that pay back her.
I look forward to leading own Mother's Day.
And we should set up national holiday.
My hometown, Qingdao is a beautiful harbour, you can swim in the sea here, here is a developed economy, good urban traffic, the weather is very good, warm in winter and cool in summer, is very attractive, is the leading city of the ShanDong peninsula blue economic zone, I feel fortunate to live in Qingdao, has a long history and it approach the yellow sea, this is a gorgeous city, the area of Qingdao, the beautiful and rich, there is a lot of nice little fish restaurant in the seaside, or bistro, oh, when it comes to wine, will have to carry our Qingdao beer, this is Qingdao tasty.
There are many scenic spots, magnificent architecture, all my family are living here, as a tourist, you will be amazed by this beautiful place,you have to contact someone else to look at.
It's a fascinating city.
Animals are our friends which live with us under the same sky in the world country.They could have enjoyed themselves joyously,but the human beings are seized with crazy ideas,people make their money by killing the animals.
They kill the elephants for elephants' tusk;they kill the rhinoceros for rhinoceros' horn;they kill the tigers for tiger skin as well as tiger-bone;they kill bears for bears'-paws;they kill the sea turtles for turtle shell;they kill.......They kill the animals just for money,just for their own benefits.Just the greedy of the human beings,our friends even boards on exterminates step by step.
In this mercenary world,it should be have someone to wake up the conscience and the duty of human beings.To keep our child away from lonely in the future,we must take actions,for the beautiful blue planet shouldn't be lived only by the human,but also by the animals.When the buying stops,the killing can too.
As a consequence,we should protect the wild animals.The man of insight try their best to safeguard the animals.As well as the international conventions are established one after another.
Ban the business of elephants' tusk protect the elephants,ban the business of tiger skin or tiger-bone protect the tigers,ban the business of rhinoceros horn protect the rhinoceros,ban the business of bears'-paws protect the bears,and ban the business of turtle shell protect the sea turtles.
In 1980s,China declared that we used other things instead of using the rhinoceros horn or the tiger-bone.And this action gained a lot of praise.
It appeals we should live with wild animals in harmonious,because nature is our common home.
A ball is a part of a bat,a bat is a part of hand,hand is a part of a man;so a fin is a part of a fish fin,a fish fin is a part of a shark.Please not to eat fim.On the whole,that is,no business,no killing.
Nowadays,online shopping has become a fashion.
More and more consumers are interested in online shopping.
Online shopping has many advantages.
What makes a great difference is that it is extremely convenient for customers.
Consumers can buy whatever they tend to buy only in front of the computer and do not need to go to market.
In addition, people are likely to spend a lot of time going shopping because of the traffic jam or plenty of people in a market.
Nevertheless, online shopping can help you save much time to do other things.
Finally, what you buy online is relatively cheap.
However,just as every coin has two sides.
Online shopping also has many disadvantages.
First of all, there are so many fraudsters online recently so that consumers doubt whether it is safe to purchase something in terms of the net.
Besides, there are some differences between what you see and what you get usually, such as colour, style or quality.
In my opinion, I think a market shopping is superior to an online shopping, in that not only the former offer people an opportunity to relax but also consumers can buy what they are really fond of.
I'm a sophomore year of college.From now on,we should to go to the optional courses.
On the one hand,I think the optional courses are advantage to us,because it is can broaden and enrich our knowledge,soar experience and improve our generalizing power.In the optional courses teaching,in addition to learn the technical expertise,we also can learn cross disciplines.It is very important to persuade the public in the future.
On the other hand,I think the optional courses are not conducive to the students,because it will take up our too much free time,lead to we have no plenty of time to rest,and influence our knowledge society.
But,personally I think the optional courses is important to us,because I mind thirsted after more knowledge.Then,I will become a person who have mang skills and experiences.My father of tells me that knowledge is power ,I believe that I will be succeed in the near future.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.Let me explain my choice and express my real thoughts on it.
Switzerland is a developed country which is situated in the middle of Europe and next to Austria,France,Italian and German.Besides it is a peaceful and convenient country covering an area of 41 thousand square kilometers with an large population of 7.5 million.
It's generally agreed that Berne,the capital of Switzerland,plays an important part in terms of politics and economy.And Geneva is known to all the world as a bustling and crowded city as well.
What's more,Switzerland actually has a number of rarely tourism resources and its natural sightseeing is indeed beautiful and unforgettable.As a result,it is considered the garden of the world.This is the point that most attracts me.
As far as I know Switzerland's watch,chemistry as well as food industry are also very popular and developed.
My description may have a brief impression on you,if you acquire more details just go off and enjoy Switzerland yourself.
Spring Festival is one of the most important festival in China and I had a wonderful Spring Festival this year.
Long before,a monster took away lots of children from many families every year so everyone was afraid of him.But once someone found that he fears the loudness so that people used firecrackers to keep him away.
As a result,the monster didn't come any more.So every Spring Festival people will set off firecrackers in order to keep their children safety.
A good teacher are very important to children.I think a good teacher should king and patient.She avoids making you feel stupid!And making mistakes she just smiles.Teaching is so well organised and clear.And students liking her.A good teacher can take care of students and students will grow up healthily and happily.Students going to make gropress with her.
Immediately I saw your advertisement in the paper for clerk.
I felt it was just the kind of post for which I have the qualifications and for which I have been looking for some time.
I graduated from Jiang Shu city vocational college.
I'm majoring in Logistics, the kind of work in which your company is engaged particularly interests me.
I feel I have the necessary qualifications and experience needed for the position of clerk.
I have passed CET4, I am able to use English fluently.
My computer cotrol is very well.
I have a good communication, and I'm a warm-harted woman and I am very responsible.
Your prompt response will be much appreciated.
The Great Wall, which is built by ancient Chinese and is one of the seven wonders of the world, is extremely distinguished.
Today, I visited it with my friends.
Facing The Great Wall, we were entirely shocked for its magnificent momentum.
It looks like a long and tremendous the Chinese dragon with silently lying on the ridge of mountains and is full of mysterious breath.
When we stood on it, we could clearly see a large number of quadrel, which is made of stones and is polished smoothly.
The main body of The Great Wall, which extends to the place where we could not overlook, consists of those rectangular bricks on which we step.
And there are many bastions on it, they are arranged according to certain distance.
At the moment, I suddenly understood why The Great Wall is called as the miracle in the world.
Because it not only has great momentum, but also innumerable the wisdom of ancient folk.
Of course,when we were on national day holiday.
The other view that was worth noticing was the stream of people, which is too long to see the head.
Nevertheless, the face of everyone was filled with smiles.
One who fails to reach the Great Wall is not a hero is a saying that is known very well by people.
I hold the view that they were intensely proud at that moment.
Spring Festival is a traditional festival of China.
It's on Jun.1st.
Peaple often celebrates Spring Festival in many ways, such as setting off firecrackers,eating dumplings and eating fish.
Spring Festival is one of the most famous holidays of China, because it's the beginning of a new year.
In China,fish means rich,so that people eat fish in the Spring Festival.
I think that Spring Festival is important for every Chinese,because it means you can get together with your family.
of virtue.
Because they feel that help strangers is our motherland"s culture.
with me.
In my daily life.
other people but you have to responsible.
so this opinions have some truth.
 in my opinion, I am in favor of the former point of view.
mind, the advantages far overweig the drawbacks.
should help strangers in my daily life.
Nowadays.the number of private car has increased sharply in the past decade .for a developing country .it is an obvious great interpretation for its powerful economic basis .but some serious consequences are followed .pollution of environment !
In order to solve this problem, government agencies in some big cities recently suggested that a "pollution tax" should be put on private cars in order to control the number of cars and reduce pollution in the city.
To begin with, cars contribute to the environmental pollution.
Then it is the responsibility of these private car owners to pay tax for the pollution .
The purpose of pollution tax for private car owners is to raise the money and donate some organizations to protect our environment.
Secondly, it is a good way to raise people's environmental awareness by putting a pollution tax on private cars.
If people suffer from the financial loss when making a decision, they will think more about their decision.
Then they will consider more when deciding to buy a private car.
Consequently, the increase rate of the number of the private cars can be controlled.
From the foregoing .a clear conclusion can be gained that it is a very good and necessary action to use the means of taxing to treat the pollution.
Of course, it must be kept in mind that all people, including the private car owners that we should try ou best to protect the environment.
In our daily life, it is easy to see or hear something about someone.
However in my view I support that we should not jump to conclusions upon those, it is unwise.
In our times, it is not useful.
For example, we cannot avoid hurting by others, someone always talked with others about something to abuse us which not existed actually.
If these people believe it but to prove whether is wrong or not, they would conclude a false result.
It is not fair to the hurting people.
Similarly, if we come to conclude in a hurry what we have been seen, which is also unwise.
For instance, we could not believe what we are seeing from the computer, such as the picture and the information.
In the modern times, it is possible that everything is fake.
Thus, we should not jump to conclusions upon seeing and hearing.
All in all, when we are known something, we must prove it and decide what should we do.
If we come to a conclusion in a hurry, it is unwise.
English is more and more significant to exchange,including lisening and writing.But many students pay little attention to spelling,so they have many mistakes.
A number of reasons may explain the phenomenon.Frist of all,a lot of students think speaking is more important than writing.They can use English to exchange is enough.what's more,students become more and more lazy.They don't want to spend much time in reciting words.Last but not least,students is puzzle about many similarly words.They can't distinguish them clearly,and writing is worse.
To deal with this problem successfully,school can have English speech,and have some measures to let students know it.At the same time, teachers should emphsise the importance of spelling.If do this,I think it will be better.
recetently,more and more people prefer to go shopping on the net,developed area in particular.It seems that shopping on the net is one of the most popular things all over the woard.
As is known to us all,different people have different thoughs.Some people like shopping on the net.They think it's a convenient thing for them to find the producs they like.What's more,it's a trend for young people.While others don't think so.Because of many false corns appaered,they doubt the authenticity about this.And many people complian that it's kind of difficult to shopping on the net because sometimes they don't know what to do next.
In my opinion,shopping on the net is a good thing because it conbines technique and sopping,giving people conveniency.But we can't relay on it too much.After all,seeing is believing.
You should ask she to know you are hard.
The Dr.Alice Green says "Kids should have time to relax and think for themselves,too.Although it's normal to want successful children,it's even more important to have happy children.
"So don't wrong.
With the development of society, the progress of science.
The way we live compared to previously produced very big change.
In old China,people eat potatos,,wild vegetable and so on, only can barely fill the stomach ,most people are malnourished.
Nowadays,people can eat great varity of food.The problem of eating and the clothing has been solved.People no longer worry about eating problems.
Next,traffic has changed.
In the past ,most people goes to work on foot,very little traffic jam.
Now,people are riding or driving to work, changed the traffic conggestion.
Last,entertainment has changed.
With the development of economic,the rich people's entertainment.
In the past, people always sit together to talking and taking joke.
Now,people earn more and more money,and they enjoy their life .
They go to KTVs,cinemas,Internet Bars and so on.
These entertainments rich people's spare time.
Aside from these changes,there are many changes around us.We should adpat to these,and we'll find our life colorful.
I love my father most.
Not because his love is stronger than mother's love,but the way he expresses his love is special.
In my childhood,my Dad made a severe impression on me.I often got beaten by him,so I have to say I'm afraid of him.however, in my living and my studies he had big effects on me,especially in my studies.
From child to now,he paid close attention to my grades,,also,sometimes I was beaten because of bad grades.but,in my senior,even if I got grades badly,he never quarreled me.From then on,I have to improve my self-consciousness,and the habits lead me have gone to this place.
From him,I think I would use the same way to love my children.I love him.
What I lean from this chapter is that selecting a good book, absorbing it, and reading what you like.
You cannot just read for entertaining or diverting yourself from boredom, or for getting information, it is easy to inhibit people from thinking, so we need to select a good book to guide us.
Speaking of the standard, different persons have different preference, the point is that finding a good one for yourself.
After selecting a good book, you read it, and absorb it, you will get far more than simply read.I suppose that absorbing a book is the man point of reading, if not, you have nothing, and it can be called destroy the meaning of the book, and it also hurts the writer indirectly.
To read what you like.
The whole book cannot content your needs, and what impressed you most is just a part of it, after reading, what exist in your mind is a paragraph, a sentence, or even some words, so you do not need to read the whole book, just pick up the one you like.
Harvard University is my dream university.It is the longest one of the first-class academic institutions in U.S. history and it is located in Cambridge.From 1869 to 1909 ,president Elliott used the elective system to make sure students can pursue their professional interest.
When I was a little child ,elders often took Harvard University as an excellent example to encourage me to study harder.However,I haven't know something about it until now.From books,I know that since its inception, Harvard has nurtured many U.S. politicians,scientists,entrepreneurs,writers,scholars.
So many achievements make Harvard University well-known in each family of the world.
Whats more, Harvard University has nine museums ,which are facing the public.
People in Harvard advocate "Veritas"as their mottoes.
Whatever they do is to reach the truth of the matter.
That is why Harvard University can become one of the most famous universities in the world.
Strolling along the boulevard of Harvard ,you will find that anything is peaceful.
Creating a conservation-oriented campus is equal to sustainable development campus.we know that creating a conservation-oriented campus is extremely important for our study and lives.
A conservation-oriented campus not only makes us develop a good habit conservation-oriented habit,but also it can save lots of money and other resources.Meanwhile it can make us environment clean and comfortable.we are teenagers and we will go to work after several years,we will and need develop his kind of habit as an extra advantage in the competition.It is a property that we graduate form university to enter this competed society.
In order to create a conservation-oriented campus,we should keep this good kind of habit that not throwing papers and plastics,and we need often keep our campus clean and tidy.We should save water when we use water after dinner.A good habit may determine our future ,so we should try our best to creating a conservation-oriented campus.Furthermore ,for those who have no interest in such activity,we should educate them positive to creatE this kind of campus.
We are unwilling to accept the fact that the air pollution is inevitable to do harm to our health because we can't breathe without air.
The air pollution results from many causes.
For example, many trees are cut down, coal-burning, the huge amount of dirty gas released by cars, and with the increasing use of cars, which make the air pollution worse.
Therefore, promoting supervision and support to factories in environmental protection is both badly required for government.
We all know what most enterprisers pursue most are just profits.
So, it's hard to avoid that many factories are not concerned about polluting environment in order to increase their profits through the refusal to buy exhaust gas treatment equipment.
Or, it's hoped that the government to speed up to publish policy that provides allowance for those factories to buy exhaust gas treatment equipment.
In addition, engineers should also be encouraged to design new power plants and find more clean energy to do minimum damage to the environment.
The earth is our home and we have the responsibilities to protect it.
And I believe that our sky will turn to blue again if the government accelerate the process having a full supervision and support on factories.
My first english writing class is difficult .
A lot of words i don't understand.
Alot of grammar idon't understand.
It's too late sleep leads to dad spirit lead to doze off in class.
we are very glad to tell you that the good NO.J-29 under our sales comfirmation have been shipped by S.S."Pearl"and make a partial shippments in HongKong by S.S."Mayflower".
The contract according to the cost of the freight price clinch a deal.
we have faxed to you in March15th,2013 so that you can cover in time.
We expect your prompt reply.
It can be noticed that there are some unhealthy living habits among young people, especially college students.
Typical examples include staying up late, being addicted to games, consuming in an inappropriate way.
Thus, due lateshould be paid to students' daily habits.
Apparently, these bad inflguences may generate negative impacts.
To begin with, they may impair students' physical health and inflguences fitness.
In addition, what worries many teachers is that they may also exert negative awareness tences on students' lateperformance.
To conclude, never can we turn a blind eye to these .
In view of the seriousness of in issue, it awareness time that we took effective measure.
Firstly, it is suggested that universities or colleges awareness cultivate students' awareness of healthy living.
Secondly, students themselves are well-in to learn lateenjoy regulate and control their own life appropriately.
Only by doing so, can we hope to see the ideal scenes in which awareness their colorful and healthy life in Ivory Tower.
My aunt is an elder member of a family,but as for me,she is my dear friend.It is hard to sum up my aunt with a few word.
the school life,aunt did many part-time jobs to make enough money.After graduation,she found a good job in hospital.
Besides parents,I like to tell aunt everything that happened at school.Aunt listened carefully and smiled happily.Inspired by aunt,now,I have made up my mind to study harder and harder.
When the first drunken driver was sentenced to death in Chengdu city, 2009, China had another step backwards because of a way of dealing with evil in our society.
Ridiculously, the purpose of our capital justice making the criminal law is to protect society,to lead a harmonious and to stabilize our society .
Obviously , the death penalty is just against with the idea of our criminal law ,it is unable to solve society problems .
In contrast, it is possible for someone to take advantage of our law to inflict cruel retributions .
Yuan dynasty had a particular striking example for us.
The thought of criminal law had a very clearly and vividly introductions.
King should treasure masses ' life.
Especially, when he governed his state.
No matter who had done evil deed, capital justice officers should consider carefully and repeatedly ,punished them from taking serious consequences after testifying truth .In the ensuring years ,he emphasized that life is more crucial than everything , nobody could punish homicides to die without knowing fact in details .
The criminal laws have amended from generation to generation.
The process of lay-outing death penalty had got the great progress in Yuan dynasty laws , especially on morality and human rights .
This is more than modernists can achieve.
It is very essential for one state to flourish and prosperity.
We can make a conclusion from our history.
Abolishing the death penalty is in line with our history and become the main trend.
First, capital punishment makes irrevocable possible miscarriage of justice.
Mistakenly convinced people being put to death in the name of Chinese criminal justice.
For instance ,Sun Weiming was one of technical company who drove his car, BUICK, knocking 4 person down after drunk without driving license .
Surprised, we have heard a lot of cases the same as this drunk driving, but he was sentenced to death because of that reason , which we first heard of .
Secondly, the death penalty ignore the human right .many who live deserve death, but many who die deserve life, who can we give it to them?
Further more, many countries exaggerate the power of human right.
Modality is our determination principle, Confucian thought supported the power of morality in our life, and lead us to live in Datong society in the future.
As his statements, people should love each other and keep good relationship with each other .everybody should trust and kindness and helpful without stealing, without murdering.
the death penalty is against with the Confucian thoughts .As far as I am concern , killing is wrong ,no matter who does the killing , individual can't ,our country can not ,too.
Murdering by the country is no different from murdering by individual.
Such as a Christian country, not a very Christian attitude.
Third, the death penalty is in equitable.
A corrupt official corruption 100 million was sentenced to death, compare with a rural person robbed 100yuan .if the same place the death penalty.
so I think Chinese have no such full-law system to weight the different cases.
After all, the world must go on - and we should improve our moral quality and sense of law .our government can not prevent but can release the rate of happening step by step .the capital justice should improve and perfect the criminal laws .and then making our dreams come true little by little.
In a word, the death of penalty is a mistaken action in our modality and a step back of our society.
In recent years there have a lot of students graduated from college, every one want get a good job from company.
How to get a good job for college students had been a difficult question.
What cause this question.
First of all,because of the company don't have to much stations for college students.
Besides with the development of our country, college students have high demand on their remuneration., they also need to survives in this society, but the company don't want to payment it.
What's more, may be the company don't have the appropriate job for them.
College students' professional don't be equal to work.
As far as I can see, I think we should find a job that really suits us, and we should love this job.
The company should hold training courses for intern.
If our government can publish some policy, I think college student will have a bright future.
I'm LiHua who is your penfriend.I had a good new to tell you,I know you want to go to China to teach English.Now,the middle school of QIANJIN need an English teacher.
I have some information about this school and I hope this information can help you.Working time is a term,and teach two class oral English and have ten classes every week.
Every week you are responsible for after class English activity of school.When you become this school English teacher you will have this treatment every month you will get 4000 yuan and school's will offer come and go the air ticket and offer room for free.
Today, universities have provided so many elective courses to broaden students' horizon and make students' capabilities excellent, and at the same time, the trouble is coming-----what to choose.
The students have different reasons.
Some of them think that it can be helpful with future to get a better job.
Others will take the electives which are called for academic study.
And sometimes they may choose it just for interests.
There are also other reasons for students to choose electives such as for credit.spending free time and so on.
I have chosen two electives this year.
One is speaking and speech, I think it can helpful to my future life.
At the same time, I take the new Medias just for it can broaden my mind.
At last, I want to say the electives fulfill our college life.
In modern society, more and more college students want to take part in social practice and become volunteer.
With the development of technology and science, the majority of companies need technical personnel.
so in order to adapt to era, we should manage to improve ourselves ability, which is contribute to obtain experience.
Above all , there are many opportunities to contact the real world that can deal with various problems.
concerning these factors, I think social practice is play an important role in our whole life.
but some people say: "College students are too young to adapt our society ".
Eventually, we will become an adult.
One day , we must earn money to support our family, more chances you get, more success you will.
In all, we can get more social practice to promote our capacity.
The setback is an indispensable part of life, because the setbacks can make us grow, and the more strong, make our life more rich rich and colorful.
The students to the frustration of ability is poorer.
For example, in the university life inside, some classmates home is not rich, but in the school to see many students in the school spend money like water, no considered what want to buy what all can slowly, and he began to feel oneself very poor, thus has the inferiority mentality, even with the drop out from school thought, this is all setbacks coping ability of poor performance.
So face the situation, the school can please some teachers to give students lectures, to teach students how to better to deal with setbacks, and we also should improve ourselves more to the frustration of ability, make us very good enhance their own, grow stronger because of it.
Standing in the east of Hangzhou, the West Park is one of the most important national scenic area and histories site in China.
The West Park covers an area of 6.39 square kilometers.
Not only is the West Lake rich in beautiful sights, it also is well-know for its silk culture.
A lot of tourists come to enjoy its unique charm every year.
The most popular attraction of the West Lake is the Leifeng Pagoda.
The Leifeng Pagoda is 71.679 meters high.
There is home to spectacular Buddhist culture and poetry culture.
Many tourists are also attracted by its beauty.
Leifeng Pagoda also becomes famous by its romantic and sad love stories.
One of the most famous is about White Lady and Xu Xian.
White Lady was a beautiful lady.
But she was a snake when she was young.
She fell in love with Xu Xian and they finally got married.
But White Lady was caught by Fahai because she was thought as a monster.
And she was locked by Fahai in the Leifeng Pagoda.
Tough had seen White Lady's true look, he still loved her so much.
So he swept the Leifeng Pagoda in his whole life.
Because of this moving end, there also becomes a place to tourists to make a wish to guarantee their love.
The first time I saw my college,the beautiful scenery made a good impression on me.Walking on the track ,I felt very happy.Everything seemed interesting.
Owing to living with others for the first time,I couldn't adapt to my new life at first.Fortunately,I have kind roommates who help me a lot in my life.Accompanied with them,I live a happy life.The first challenge I met in college is military training.Because most of these days were cool,the military training wasn't as hard as I thought.On the contrary,we had shows in the evening and the drillmaster was humorous when we were trained.All in all,we had a good time in the military training.
After that,the beginning of my college life is coming.What I find is that college is different from high school.We have all kinds of activities to choose from and so many different people to meet.Everyday is full of surprises.And we can allocate our time to accomplish what we want to do in the college.We are the host of our life.As for my daily schedule,I get up early at 6:00 am by my alarm clock.Because I have to do morning exercises at 6:40 am,which makes me depressed.Then I would have breakfast and begin my new day.In my spare time,I prefer to stay in the library rather than surf the internet.
As is known to us, college life is precious in everyone's life.I will try my best to make my college life more meaningful.
Where we got knowledge we knew curiosity is very crucial.
Einstein told us the important thing is not to stop questioning.
After this reading, it has some stuffs make a great difference to me.
We should know about a lot of different subjects in different ways.
Curiositys is everywhere.
Ape man knew how to used tools, microscope was invented by Leeuwenhoek.human is full of curiosity about the world have a lot of discoveries and inventions.
",cried Alice in Wonderland, but what should wo do.
Adair suggests us should aim to retain throughout our life that eager desire to see learn or know.
We should have a habit of curiosity that lead us to give searching attention to what interests us.
Thinking is a way of trying to find out for ourselves.
Begin to ask more question, both when we are talking with others and when we are taking in our mind to ourselves.
Only through curiosity can we discover opportunities.
It's become a very comment phenomenon to share our own view and thoughts or chat with other people on line.More and more people deeply think that if we can't use the Social Networks,the day will becom the black friday.
In my opinion,Social Networks is playing an important part in our daily life.Every morning I get up,opening the computer ang logging the Social Networks is the thing I do fitst.From the Social Networks I can get many informations or news which had happened in foreign,our country,city,friends or family.Also it will maybe influence my schedual and study.
Specially in colleage,I found I can't leave the Social Networks.Because I go to the univesity in other province,so I couldn't see my families or best friends all the time .If we use the telephone contact,it will be a expensive payment,so chat on Social Networks is the cheapest way.
Thought there are many fraud evens in Social Networks,I certainly believe that people cheat by themselves but not Social Networks.If you can't contral your greed and envy well,you will be deceived all the time,wherever you are.
We will organize a foreign language training course because of the large export order we have won .Responsible for marketing products staff ought to attend the course.We will start from 8th October to 16th October .Please tell each other,thank you.
Now,whether Special Festival Gala on CCTV should be cancelled or not becomes a heated topic.Different people have various ideas.On the one hand,some people in favour that Special Festival Gala on CCTV shouldn't be cancelled.Because they think Special Festival Gala on CCTV is extremely interesting.Only in this way,can they feel the Special Festival very meaningful.
On the other hand,some people agree with that Special Festival Gala on CCTV should be put off.They believe not only Special Festival Gala on CCTV is very boring,but also cause other interesting programs can't be played.And many teenagers pursuit fashion,they think Special Festival Gala on CCTV its too old is not suitable for them.
When it comes to Special Festival Gala on CCTV,I'm feel fully excited.As for my opinion,I think watching the Special Festival Gala on CCTV is a traditional,no matter how interesting the other programs are,they won't take place the Special Festival Gala on CCTV.So the Special Festival Gala on CCTV shouldn't be cancelled.
The Spring Festival is considered as a traditional festival that people get togrther to celebrate the arrive of the new year.During those days,the families are usually happy and busy.
My Spring Festival was spent in my grandparent's home.On the first day of the New Year,I helped my parents put up paper cuts and made dumplings.We saw beautiful fireworks through the windows at night and watched the Spring Festival party together.We were so excited that we have chatted with each other for a long time.But the next day,I also got up early to visit relatives.
Though my Spring Festival is common,I am happy with it as well,because everyone is alive and talk with smile at the special festival.
First of all,while at college,we should continue to study hard for our future.We should cincentrate on our major study.Second,if we hold an excellent foundation of our major,we will enjoy the courage to doing everything.We also have chance to create our future with our effects.We must make a plan and put it in.This is the most meaningful things.
Besides,we can join in some clubs while we are interested in.It can get more chances to pratice ourselves and expand our perspective.
If we waste our time,we will feel regretted later.
What is more,let us have a meaningful college life.
Long long ago.
A dinosaur name Amy.
She was very big, with four long legs and a large body.
As the only dinosaur in the word, she was very lonely.
One day, she came to our school.
She was so excited that she was bellow loudly.
She stomps her feet and the world sway.
When the children saw her, they were scared and ran screaming back to their class room.
They were so scared that they couldn't move.
Just then a little boy still standee here, he didn't with fear in terror the dinosaur.
He wanted to make friend with the dinosaur, they played swing, seesaw happily.
They were so happy.
When the others children saw that, they all wanted play with the dinosaurs.
Finally, they played together.
Now, we didn't scared dinosaur at all.
On the contrary, we all played with dinosaur.
I'm glad that you had a nice birthday party last week.
I often celebrate my birthday with my parents and friends.
We usually spend it at my place with a big birthday cake, some delicious noodles, soft drinks and many fun games.
I usually make a wish after we sing songs together.
I also get presents on this big day and my favourite gifts are video games.
I just love to have friends over playing together.
I am glad you can come to china.
we china is a beautiful country.
it is one of the four ancient civilizations.
below let me introduce you to our country.
our country has great the great wall, the beautiful summer palace and our beautiful tianan men is more.they are all the places of interest in china, is the valuable wealth that our ancestors left us.
we chinese have the five famous mountains, respectively is mount tai, heng shan, hua shan, mount song and mount heng.
they said the five mountain peaks .
if you come to china , not to appreciate, that is a shame.
I expect you to come to china very much.
If you arrive, i will take you to visit china in the mountains.
There are two years from joining the college entrance exam, now, I am a college student and I feel there is a big difference between college and high school study.
Therefore, let me talk about the discrimination as follows.
First, the independence of learn is different, at high school teachers are forced us to study, to do homework everyday and take tests now and then.
But in college, there is not teacher require you to study, and haven't many tests compared to high school.
Scoend, the college teachers have more flexible teaching method than high school teachers .
Third, the goal of study is more different, at senior high school, our goal is joined in universities, however, at college, our goal is either prepared for finding a good job, or taked part in the postgraduat entrance.
Morever, we can learn all kinds of subjects in the college, while high school is not.
Look back on my college life, I am satisfied to all I do in university, taking an activie in all kinds of campus exercise, listening teacher speak and taking notes on class.
My own experience tells me that keep positive and learn independence is important, if you do well this, you will succeed.
Hello!My name is P.I am a girl who is already 18 years old that came from H where have many delicious fish and wild duck.Although I have never see.And in my free time I always listen to the music,especially English songs.I like it as well as watch the English films,I think it is full of intellgence and makes me happy .But the most important is it help me very much in my spoken English.
I am not good at sports,it is difficult for me to peresevere in doing sports.Instead I am more interested in sleeping in the bed.so my mam always worry about my health.Every time I stay at home.she will ask me to do more housework in order to take me move.So I can not sleep as I want in my home.What a heartbreaking news!
As we know, the death penalty has been a mode of punishment in many countries .
The existing of the death penalty is a controversial topic which wins different arguments from people all over the world.
Some people support this death punishment because they think it is a good way to decrease the crimes.
However, other people hold the idea that the death penalty should be abolished concerning its consequence.
As for me, the death penalty is a step back.
Life for each person is valuable; people's right of life should be respected and protected by society.
It is unfair for the society to sentence the criminals to death.
The purpose of the law should be to protect the society, not to murder someone.
Therefore, the death penalty is the worst way to punish the criminals.
It would be better to keep the killers alive so the society can study them in order to find out what makes them the way they are and take measures to prevent these extreme crimes from happening again.
Besides, the consequence of the death punishment is obvious that it will lead to trust lost, people who violet the law will lose confidence about themselves.
Actually, the death penalty doesn't deter crime.
The statistics show that the rate of crime in some countries with a death penalty is much higher than those countries that don't have.
Besides, the abolition of the death penalty is a symbol of civilization.
The existing of the death penalty would be a block for establishing a harmonious society.
It is no doubt to draw the conclusion that the death penalty is a step back, especially in a civilized society.
The abolition of the death penalty will be proved to be a great progress for human beings' civilization.
A lot of students come to univesity,they lack of confident.
For example,when they meet college student ,they are afraid to speake with them,and they feel thenselves lack of knowledge.
In my opinion, First of all, we should communicate with college students, though this way, we can know a lot of students and benefits from each other.Second,we need to be sure of oneself,think that what thing self does being able to make it.Only when the cognition arrives at the effort passing us.
Finally,what difficulty all can overcome as long as you having had confident,what the thing all can not beat us.
I am Z.I am a middle school student.I like singing,eating delicious food,watching TV and playing ping-pong.I like going shopping and watching TV in my free time.I often go shopping and take a walk with my friends on the weekend.Sometimes we finish doing our homework and eat out.This is my free time.
The everyboby have the diffient dream.Me too.So I have a big dream.I want to become a lawyer.
Why?because my father and mother are lawyer.May and family influence on.I think the lawyer is very good and fierce.At the hearing,logical thinking of the lawyer is quite agile,in general,the lawer is also very cool,the lawyer is also rational.
So I'm like a lawyer occupation.I hope I can become a famous lawyer.
My first memory of school was the school enviroment.There were many beautiful flowers on the garden.The flowers smells quite good.It's make a deep impression on me.My favorite activity was the spelling game.It was fantastic.It was not only interesting but also meaningful.Obviously,it inproved our handwriting and listening.
Besides,I was impressed with my firet teacher.The chinese teacher was a very enthusiastic woman called Ms Han.I still remember her.My first best friend was Mary.We often talking to each other.And we had a good time.We still go out to paly from time to time.
This is the memory of my primary school,I miss it very much.
I have many hobbies, such as reading, watching TV,and skating.But reading is my favorite hobby.
First of all,different books brings me different pleasure.Fairy tales books can bring the joy to me.Detective book can make me relaxed.
Secondly,books introduce me to a new world,which is colorful and without time and space limit.
Through reading,I can trace back to another country which I want to visit for a long time.Thirdly,reading show me a new horizon it can improve myself.
In the past year,most of my knowledge has been learned form books.
Finally,reading connect between my dream and goal.In order to succeed in my career in the future.
I must keep reading and thinking.
Reading has become part of my life.I spend some time reading books and magazines every night.
I like reading because it makes my life colorful.
At present, to study English well is very essential .
It is necessary for English learners to use a dictionary to help them.
However, should we use a normal English dictionary , or a bilingual one?Some say it is better for learners to use a normal English one, while others argue that learners should use a bilingual one in order to improve English reading ability.
To have the argument some questions,proposed my opinion.I hold that we should use a bilingual dictionary instead of a normal English dictionary.
First of all, it is convenient for us to read Chinese interpretation when we can't understand English interpretation.
Moreover, we are able to avoid misunderstanding the meaning of a word according reading the English paraphrase .Finally, the English paraphrase is helpful to improve learners' English to be more native.
Currently, almost everything we use in our everyday life comes from natural resources, ranging from the food we eat, the water we drink, to the wood which is used into furniture.With the development of technology and population growth, the amount and range of materials used has increased at an alarming rate.However, natural resources are not inexhaustible.
Some reserves are already on the brink of exhaustion and No material can replace them.
If man continued to squander natural resources with no thought for the future, the later generations would be in danger.
It is up to us to take effective measures for a sustainable development of the word before the situation gets out of hand.
Everyone should dedicate to preserving natural resources, especially water resource that is extremely scarce in China, a country with the largest population in the world.
In addition, the global eco-system has also such deterioration that industries should take the responsibility.Sencond,governments have made relevant laws and regulations and spend large amounts of money in the environmental protection.
On the other hand, education as well as international cooperation is being carried out.
Energy-saving emission reduction,environmental protection to achieve sustainable development of mankind an urgent requirement,and clear energy development and utilization,is a practical road to ethanol, fuel cell and hydrogen-economyas the dominant model of industrial economy in the future can be expected to give enormous changes in human life.
Maybe different people have different views about reading selectively or extensively.But for most people,reading selectively is better than extensively.
The reason why I said that reading selectively is better than reading extensively is that most people can't spend much time in reading.Most people have their own work and are always busy ,so they have no enough time to read extensively.They have no choice but to choose the books what they like .And in other hand,reading selectively is more effectively than reading extensively in learning.If we reading extensively we can't have what we read in hand well.
From above points , we have learned that reading selectively can save our time and also can make us understand what we read more effectively .
So in my opinion,we should read selectively .
There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
In the eyes of some students, it is important that a good English teacher should have an excellent command of English.
The others may think a good English teacher should be patient.
Nonetheless, to my point of view, these are not enough.
There are a variety of traits that contribute to a good English teacher, which can be armed with three key points: professional ethics, professional qualities, and excellent imparting knowledge and fostering ability.
A good English teacher is a model of virtue for students who not only acquire the professional knowledge but also learn how to be meaningful persons.
So professional ethics are essential to all the teachers.
A good English teacher should be qualified for profession.
What our students go to school aim to gain knowledge.
Only these with professional teacher that can help students solve all kinds of problems.
It is obviously not enough.
Excellent imparting knowledge and fostering ability are also particularly significant.
As a proverb put it,' Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime'.
Therefore, a good English teacher must have the ability to impart knowledge to his students.
What is more, they need to tell students to foster ability that even when the students leave his teachers they also know how to study.
All above is my opinion, it is not easy to be a good English teacher.
But if you follow my suggestions you will be an excellent English teacher.
We all live in a big world,there are many appealing places.No matter how beautiful and how comfortable they are,my favorite place is my hometown-Jinzhou.
Located at the west of Liaoning province.Jinzhou is an attractive coastal city.It is adjacent to Bohai sea.Consequently,there is a college called Bohai University.Also,Jinzhou is a metropolis,for it has 10301 square kilometres and a population of 3130 thousand.Most of the time,the weather in Jinzhou is extremely conspicuous in the four seasons,in winter it is cold,at the same time,in summer it is hot,and in spring and fall,the climate is warm but windy.However,the climate's levity is also an attraction of Jinzhou.Jinzhou's most propered place is Center Street,which is intensely beautiful and flourished,on both sides of the street,there are many shops.I always go shopping with friends on weekends.It is enjoyable,The most fascinating part of the city is Putuo mountain scenery,regardless of the horizon where a scenic spots,and makes the person feel singsong.Although have crossed,sea,but dose not make empty turbid have paradises feeling,just think of these different landscape concept makes people stunning.Hall,Mount Putuo is to win,and magnificent Haitian on deep,Lansheng mountaineering,overlooking the blue,a floating in the sea island,white dots on the road.Scenery is moving.Around the sunny island beach,there are many major is sand and 1000 steps.Thousands of step sand beaches,summer is a curved.Putuo mountain is maily buddhist temples are:resort,faye lifeline and each year,the pilgrimage to abbots pilgrims up and millions.Besides, you are sure to have heard about the Bijia Mountain.It is just like a Bijia.You have never seen so wonderful sight.What'more,when coming to Linghe Park,it is just an amusement park,there are a great variety of entertainment facilities.It is children's heaven.
Other than the above introduce,there are many other absorbed sights in Jinzhou.If you are attractive in it,you can go there,my hometown,also my favorite place-Jinzhou.
Liu Qing lei is my good friend,he's 12 years old,he's form China,he'Chinese.His class is Class5 Grade1.His friend is Betty,Betty is form Endland,Betty is 13 yeas old.his in Class 2.His teacher is Mrs Green,Mrs Green is formAmerica.
We are entering a new time of making a greater discovery in science and a greater advance in technique.
However, subsequently the environment has been destroy.
Just as everything is two sides.
In order to follow the trend that a low carbon oxygen life, person are doing their utmost to protect the environment.
If we intend to get up with the step of new times, we should try our best to change the worse condition that the high carbon oxygen life.
To study with, person had better take a ride or a bus rather than take a private car when they go outside, expect, they should use the lamp that can save electricity.
What is more, the major factories should observe the environment laws and rules, not drain waste gases into the air directly without disposal.
Finally, the government should call on the citizen to plant more trees, which can absorb the carbon.
The air quality is of great importance to anybody at any time and place.
Only if try our best to reduce carbon can we share the benefits of the environment..
Such as it can make people hold a good mood, and it can reduce disease and so on.
There are so many traditional festivals in China.
But I like the spring festivals.
The spring festivals is the most solemo of the Chinese nation traditional holiday.
Not only on the day of the spring festivals reunion dinner with my family,but also receive a red envelope.
People pay New Year call.
We set off firecrackers to stick couplets on the spring festivals during the day.
We also have to clean the house and sweep away bad luck.
There are a lot of food,such as rice cakes,dumpiongs and yuanxiao.
Also we can see the spring festivals.
So I like spring festivals most.
Last week,our class was held an interesting match.That is our Englidh teacher give us a picture of a pig,and we were ask to put on eye patch to painting on the blackboard.
Firstly,when I first time to see the pig,I think is very easy to draw,Because it is much simpler,but I am really too naive.The reality is not as simple as I assumed.
Secondly,when everyone has finished,it is more ugly than picture.It looks like a cute cat,or a pig who was fed up.So our group are talked about this.It is so funny!
In my opinion,I think this match can make us think deeply,that sometimes,things are not as simple as we see, and everything must go to experience to recognize.
The start of college is a watershed in our lives.
It not only means the independent life, but also means the further learning.
I think it brings us the specialized knowledge, a new method of learning and a creative way of thinking.
First, the specialized knowledge can help us study deep into a subject.
As we all know, we have many courses in high school, and they are about totally different subjects.
As we have to pay equal attention to every course, we just acquire the basic knowledge of them.
However, in college, we are no longer just remembering and reciting.
We have to explore the origin of something and analyze the process of its formation, which can help us better understand those topics and form our own theories.
Also, college learning requires the ability to self-study.
In most time, teachers play a role of a guider not a supervisor.
If teachers give the assignment, it is up to us how we will complete it.
Self-study is demanding because it requires highly self-discipline.
I have encountered such situation that many things squeeze into one day because at the beginning, I was distracted by many futile things and didn't stick to my plan.
It is a momentous ability through the whole life because learning is a lifetime journey.
What's more, the college education assists us to develop the creative thinking.
Everyone has a unique personality, and college is a place to show the difference.
In class, we are free to air our opinions, and there are no right answers.
We also have group discussions, and the exchange of ideas may spark inspirations.
There are also many lectures given by some experts or masters.
Listening to their speeches is also a good way to develop creative thinking.
To sum up, college is a good time to accumulate knowledge and build up learning ability and thinking ability, so we should cherish every precious moment in college.
Daming gets up and washes his face at half past eight.He eats a healthy breakfast at a quarter to nine,and he write his homework servious from nine to half past ten.He works hard,isn't he?From half past ten to half past eleven,Daming does exercise in the park.He has a delicious lunch at twelve o'clock,and he has IT classes or English classes from one to three o'clock.Daming reads many kinds of books from four to six o'clock.He has a bit of dinner at half past six.From seven to eight o'clock,Daming searches for information on the Internet or watches his favourite TV programs.Daming packs his things from half past eight to nine,and he goes tobed at half past nine.
Daming's holiday plan well,we should learn from him.
With their home market already mature and well exploited, the American venture capital and private equity firms have set up shop in Europe and billions of dollars have been raised for venture capital .
However, doing business in Europe requires a deep understanding of cultures and habits of individual countries.
American VCs need people with analytical background, the experience of US investment style and a deep understanding of European cultures.
Investment activities mainly focus on semiconductors, microprocessors, IT and software, biotechnology and healthcare products, telecommunication and media.
And the current market is attractive for investment, not for exit ,so the entrepreneurs have to build companies rather than looking for quick money.
As the European firms tend to focus on mid and late venture capital ,the US venture capitalists can fill a gap by providing young companies with equity finance to sustain rapid expansion.
In the long-run ,as the Europe lacks a big domestic market ,it is more difficult for Europe to build worldwide leaders in the global market.
On the other hand, as Europe is a bit late in terms of deregulation, they can use it to deploy capital more efficiently and it is likely that ten years from now we will see a very impressive number of global companies to be born in Europe.
Online shopping is becoming more and more popular among people of all ages these days.However each coin has two sides,so it is with this new trend.
There's no doubt that online shopping has many advantages.Firstly,people can just sit in front of the computer and select what they need instead of walking or driving to the shopping mall which might be far from home.Secondly,people are allowed to buy things cheaper since people can compare the prices of the same product in a variety of shops easily on the websites.Nevertheless,there are also potential disadvantages such as the safety problems of your credit card passwords when paying.Sometimes the quality of the produts also can't be guaranteed by just looking at the pictures on the website.
In my opinion, we should check for more details such as customers' comments before we make the purchase of the products.At the same time we should avoid buying things which are of great importance to us on line.So we can enjoy the benefits of online shopping and avoid the drawbacks.
My school is very beautiful.
It is in Tianjin, near the Tianjin Unversity.I like my school very much.
There is a big playground in my school.
We have P.E.
class on the playground and we often play sports on it , too.
Our teaching building has five floors.
My classroom is on the second floor.
It is modern and clean.
The computer rooms are on the fifth floor.There is one music rooms and art rooms in the teaching building, too.
The teachers in my school are very kind .
The students are very polite and smart.
I am happy in my school.
Every day, I have to get up very early.
Because I must get to school before 7:25.
So, I get up at 6:20.
Our classes begin at 7;30.
We have four lessons in the morning.
When classes over, we often feel very tired.
But,we still get up very early every day.
I like tennis.
But my school doesn't have this subject.
I like play badminton.
It can keep healthy.I like wearing school uniform.
It makes me comfortable.I don't think my school is a good one.Because I must spend too much time doing my homework.
That'all my school life.
I stayed at home by myself once a time when I was seven years old.
One day,my mum told me that my grandpa was ill so she should take good care of him at home.
So I should stay by myself for two days.
I felt very excited and a little nervous.
Nonetheless my mom looked so worried about me.
Nonetheless I didn't care about her at that time.
Nevertheless when my mum came out.
I felt it was very easy for me.
I can't cook for myself.
So I bought some breakfast and dinner in supermarket.
I also did the clock to ring loudly.
So I haven't gone to school late.
I also did some housekeeping after school.
I also did a lot of wrong things: For example,when I tried to misrepresent some simple things,it was burnt.
I was so worried that time that I swinged my mom's cup.
Luckily,I remembered to operate the door when I came out.
I feel lonely and sad at first,but I became fine a few days.
I did everything by myself,And I also felt my mom was very hard.
my mum's words very clean.
When my mum came back, I was so happy to tell her that how great I am.
I think it is a perfect experience for myself.
Anyway,after that I'm very proud of myself.
I have remembered that how my mum loved me.
Nowadays many people hold the opinion that proverbs are going out of fashion.But I do not think so.
Despite the fact,as the old ones are falling into disuse,new ones are being created.Such as ''Actions speak louder than words''.As far as I am concerned,it is as a guide for how to live life.There is an example,whoever expected to study english well must spend a lot of effort and time.But some one just shouting everyday and never put value on studying industriously.It's obvious that who like this will never successful.
What you say are truly significant,but what you do seem to be more essential.As all humans, we hate to be promised with something that is never done with action.
They don't always wait to judge whether words are backed up with action, though this might be the wiser course.
I'm glad to be a participant of communication project between Canada and China.
Ahead of time, I lived a happy China Spring Festival hosted by a hospitable family in Beijng.
Following I'll tell you something I experienced here.
Initially I learned and communicated with local students and played sports with them.
Their subjects are quite different with mine in Canada, which made me awkward at first.
However, the enthusiasm for sports is just the same.
Then I visited the scenic spots and historic relics in Beijing and watched the Peking Opera.
It was a fantastic trip to learn about China history and go deeply into traditional culture.
Meanwhile I stayed up late with my host family to celebrate the new year of China for a whole night and ate jiaozi which is a sort of the traditional food of China.
As far as I know, eating jiaozi is a tradition in northern China for an exception of good luck.
Ultimately life in Beijing is so inviting to me and I fall in love with the city as I know more and more about it.
I'm waiting for your letters back.
Best wishes.
Winter holiday is coming,Daming want to keep his holiday plenary.He makes a plan for his holiday.
I consider Daming slept too much.He should spend more time on study.That's will be nice.
At the beginning of the movie, what we can notice is that a disabled boy's foot was stuck between the two steels of the drain.
His mother helped to pull his foot out, and reprimanded those people who are laughing at her son.
There is no doubt that the little boy was unlucky: he was born with a low IQ of only 75.
So he was suggested to go to the special school.
The boy's name is Forrest Gump.
I was progressed by his mother deeply.
She had a strong will.
Certainly, she loves her son very much.
his mother encouraged Gump.
In the face of the difficult position, she never gets disheartened, but guide her son patiently.
She could always find a way to explain the meaning of life.
She made a great influence on the life of Gump.
I often considered that Forrest Gump would have a difficult childhood even a terrible life if without his mother.
Under his mother's encouragement, Forrest Gump constantly strives to be a better man.
We can see the human nature as brave, loyal, friendly from Forrest Gump.
What we can't believe is that he became a football star, a war hero, even later became a millionaire.
From the movie, my childhood was recalled.
I also have a great mother.
Actually she is an ordinary woman.
But she is also extraordinary.
She devotes all her energy and love to our family.
She loves me very much.
She told me that I will never know what I can do until I try.
She encouraged me to do what I want to do.
My mother gives me the chance to taste the difference tastes of life.
It was Gump' attitude toward life and his value system that made him a successful person.
With the improvement of the microblog service and the influence of some "star-bloggers",a large number of catchword come into our eyes.These catchwords have some caracteristics such as easy to understand and popular just in a few days.
When it comes to catchwords,different people will give different answers.Some people believe that these catchwords is a lack of respect of traditional culture,and it will misleading the youth.While,others believe these catchwords reflect the development of language and information technology,which stands for the improvement of the whole society.
Personally speaking,catchwords conform to the trend of the historical development under certain circumstance,which should not be eradicated.Besides,some catchwords da demonstrate the younger generation's creativity and sense of humor.
Nowadays, our life is becoming convenient than ever before with uncountable modern products invented.
Meanwhile, the number of waste we produce every day is increasing sharply.
The situation of the earth is growing worse because the waste we produce is the biggest pollutant which is harmful to creatures and earth.
We came up with many ideas to deal with this situation.
Waste sorting is thought the most efficient way to handle the disposal of rubbish and make full use of rubbish.
First of all, waste sorting is an economical way to solve rubbish problem.
Things as plastic bottles and cans are recyclable, we can save plenty of resource by recycling those wasted rubbish.
Secondly, waste sorting is an available way to refresh the earth.
There are also such tings as batteries and plastic bags which can be very difficult or impossible to disintegrate, they are big challenges for environment protection because some of them even have poisons.
Sort those harmful has great benefit to refresh the earth.
Furthermore, waste sorting is a good way to remind the public the importance of environment protection and cultivate the environmental consciousness among the country and maintain ecological equilibrium.
We can draw a conclusion that waste sorting is not only benefit to dealing with rubbish disposal but also good for environmental protection.
It is known to all that we can learn a lot by sitting in the classroom, listening to various lessons.
But the world is so diversified and colorful that we can obtain more outside the classroom.
One day, after a long time of study, I felt extremely bored, tired and kind of hating the life I was living then.
No sunshine, no laughter, no end of the frustrating study.
Then I went out to climb the mountain which I had longed for at the very beginning of my college life.
I was totally immersed in the beautiful scenery the moment I got there: the colorful flower, singing birds, dancing grass and fresh air.
Everything made me feel so content with the vast world and cheerful life.
Then I gain the awareness that the nature can teach us the love of life.
Several days later, I visited the national gallery where many pictures drawn in Ming-Qing dynasty were exhibited.
All the paintings were fantastic and they can make me sense the beauty of art, though they were common things in our daily life such as shrimps, persimmons, gourds, insects, horses and so on.
Then I realized that the art possesses the ability to awaken us to the love of beauty, as long as we feel it with our heart.
We cannot deprecate that learning in classroom is useful for us students, but the world outside the classroom is far more abounding beyond inside.
Autumn--the best season in Beijing--is coming.
My life in the future will be interesting after ten years.
My dream is a dancer, so I am going to be a well-known dancer.
I will be rich.
And I have a happy family, we are always laughing.
So I have a big house.
It's important in my house that is the bedroom.
I will have a bed that are some functions.
You can make it soft, when you're tired.
There's a lot of people who will become big.
My job will be easy, when I sleeping in bed.
I should study hard for my dream and future.
Middle school students' present situation : Smoking problems in middle school students are still serious so that the number of the student addicts increasing quickly.
The effect of smoking was divided into three quarters :First,it is easy to cause the heart disease and lung cancer;second, smoking affected your personal impression.Finally,taking secondhand smoke is dangerous for person who never smoking before,probably caused the disease about smoking.As the proverb goes,smoking is a benefit without harm.In order to protect our health,we declare all smoking addicts including students to be far away to tobacco and never take the cigarettes.
As we know, it is necessary for us to read books.
Books are my friends, especially the literature.
When you are reading, you have gone to anther world, you can know more about author and talk with author.
Sometimes, you travel in the literary world and you are regarded yourself as the actress.
Literature introduce us the best life where they live.
We see them as if they were really alive, we enjoy with them, we sad with them, it seems as if we have a same experience.
Reading more literature can make your spiritual world stronger and stronger.
Good literature are like our friends, they always company with us.
No matter how old are you, they encourage your life when you feel life is difficult.
They make you happy while you are sad or disappoint with something.
In addition, we can know the custom and habit of different places which we don't know.
Everyone should read literature, they'll take much more for us.
With the development of the society and economy ,the world becomes smaller and smaller.So human beings can do almost everything at home instead of going out.What's more,the Internet is developing so fast,people can use it to do anything ,such as chatting,shopping,studying and so on.However,the most people used online is shopping.
Online shopping is so convenient that people can buy anything they like on the Internet.Now,many people prefer looking for something sensibly only by sitting in front of the Internet to walk on the street for several hours .We can save much time to do the other thing and we will not feel so tired.
However,each icon has two sides.Shopping online remains some risks.We cannot guarantee the goods' size and quality.Maybe we see it beautifully on the Internet but in fact it is beyond our thoughts.Some people use it do some forbidden things,too.
What we should do be to improve our sense of society,then we can shop online freely.
The essay "Mericans" tells us an awful grandmother prayed for her family in the church, who is Mexican immigrants coming to America.
During the time, grandmother is using Mexican way to continue.
Therefore, I saw the impact between Mexico culture and American culture, which reflects the cultural world and the culture shock.
As readers can get the information from the essay, grandma is a "traditional" person.
When she prayed for people who are closest to her in the church, a series of actions showed she prayed in Mexican way.
There are some evidences from passage can prove, for example, "Lighting votive candles and genuflecting.
Blessing herself and kissing her thumb.
Running a crystal rosary between her fingers.
The service is a devout way.
Candles, genuflecting and rosary are all from Mexico, but not from America.
So, every country has its own culture, when culture meets culture, the conflict of it will happen.
When the cultural conflicts arise, the question of interests may come up among people.
People want to improve their material and cultural life level, however, Americans want to spread American culture; Mericans want to spread Mexico culture.
Therefore, at the end of the story, the lady does not have same eyes to narrator and her brothers as American, even if their nationality is American, but still no one treat they as American, it shows the serious racial discrimination at that time.
While they were living in America, their inner bones still remain in the original Mexico culture.
Which can prove with the sentences from the passage.
The little brother Keeks and the narrator Michele were playing games with American form - "Flash Gordon, Ming the Merciless and the Mud People, Lone Ranger, Tonto"- but just the games perfectly describe the differences between the Hispanic and the American influences acting upon the children.
Culture's diffusion and shock have knocked children's brains and thinking.
How vast is the world, how fast spread is the culture diffusion.
Besides, this article used a lot of Spanish, such as "la ofrenda, El Periquin, La Virgen de Guadulupe, Familia Burron comic books", we can draw some information from the different language and culture - the stage of the world culture is rounded.
In Mexico, women have lower status, this situation can reflect in children.
When the little brother played games with Michele, the big brother Junior snorted, "Girl.
The first "girl" means "sissy", in my opinion, I can see the gender discrimination from this sentence.
In the eyes of big brother, he thinks "girl" is a derogatory term.
His understanding is coming from adults.
In other words, from the children's viewpoint, we can see the adults' viewpoint, which is also from Mexico culture.
However, the America is a country of freedom and equality, with immigrate from all over the world, the culture shock occurs.
The culture difference brings racists - U. S. companies will not hire Mericans, thus the unemployment rate will increase, and they will not have any economic or source of income, life will be difficult, then the crime rate will rise immediately, finally, the civilization of this country will lag behind - it is difficult to judge and weigh.
Culture shock not only can promote the skill of learning and cooperation between countries, but also can make a nation's collapse.
It is high time that we put an end to the deep-seated situation of culture shock, and we know culture stage is bigger than the country, every country has their own cultural and their own life style.
I think different families have different views and standards.
Some people insist that healthy family is composed of parents of children, this is the most basic.
Others believe that healthy family should be able to make people's body and mind can relax, people can enjoy the family time.
In short, in my opinion, a healthy family should have the following elements.
Firstly, healthy family should have a system of sharing responsibility.
The whole community is composed of numerous families, each family is independent.
Family members should have a strong sense of responsibility for the health and happiness of the family and should make joint efforts.
Secondly, among all family members should be easy interaction.
The family should give us an easily and freely environment, we do not need to worry about the fierce competition between colleagues, and also do not have to worry about those unhappy things.
The family has always been our biggest supporters, whatever the difficulties, to communicate with their families, always let us clear insight.
Tourism activities contribute to the positive interaction between family members, and contribute to a more harmonious family.
Therefore, the interaction between family members is necessary, at the same time we should respect for each other's privacy.
Thirdly, families have the ability to bring quarrels to a quick and satisfying conclusion.
The quarrel between the family members can be immediately resolved, will not affect their feelings and life.
Only family members with this ability, that family atmosphere would keep healthy and positive.
In addition healthy family should include the clear parental guidelines on right and wrong.
The correct guidance of the parents of the Child's growth is the most critical.
Only each family health and harmony, the harmonious development of our society can be truly.
The majority of people believe that making a good impression will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skill,which may put them in a favorable position in the future job markets.But not all them are make it .So I want share some suggests with you.
My ideas are as follows.First of all,we should be greeted others in a friendly manner.Besides,we should learn to listen more rather than speaking more.What's the essential is that we must talk about something that they are interested in.
If you do as the above,you will find it is really not that difficult,and you will surely succeed.
Nowadays,many countries and cities is confronting the problem of water shortage,especially developing countries.
But do you know why we have the situation.On one hand ,the temperature is rising.
saving the water ,sometimes after they use the water ,some people may forget to close the water .
trees to make the world beautiful .
actions ,and make the fortune for generations.
Maugham was one of the most popular writers in 1930s for his insights of human nature and accurate characterization.
Most earlier researches on his works focused on the detail of description of the protagonists and plot setting from the perspective of narratology.
This thesis intends to analyze the characters and setting of the novel The Painted Veil, in the reference of Schopenhauer's main thoughts.
Schopenhauer is certainly one of the greatest philosophers of the 19th century and has much impact on literature.
Philosophy and literature can both reflect the mental activities and spiritual dimension of human.
Therefore, as a comparatively creative method, the reference of philosophy could help readers better understand the structure of protagonists and even dig out author's motivation and ideology.
In the body part of the thesis, some Schopenhauer's opinions on women and free-will will be separately quoted to progressively deconstruct the characters in novel.
With a stepped construction, the thesis will analyze the correlations, mannerisms and the destinies of the characters and finally reveal the pessimism of the main idea.
Arthur Schopenhauer (1788-1860) was a German philosopher best known for his book,The World as Will and Representation, in which he claimed that our world is driven by anendless unsatisfied will and that "the world of representation is to thing-in-itself as ourexternal bodies experienced in sensation are to the inner workings of ourindividual wills" (Jacquette, 2005: 77).
Influenced by Eastern philosophy, he maintained that solutions to suffering were similar to those of Vedantic and Buddhist thinkers, for example, asceticism.
