But with the development of our society, the patrimonial society was gradually discarded, people advocated the equality between male and female .
In my own view, I think male and female should be equal.
This is helpful for the development of each people.
And I think is also contribute to social progress .
Today smoking is a widespread habit all over the world.
Not only the old, the youth, but also middle school students have been engaged in smoking.
Many of them think that smoking is a smart symbol.
However, smoking is harmful to one's health.
It contributes a lot of lung cancer, from which many people have died in the past years.
It can also cause many other diseases.
In a word, if you smoke, you do have a much greater chance of losing your health.
Furthermore, scientific research shows that smoking is not only harmful to smokers themselves, but also a threat to public health, especially to women and children.
If you don't smoke, don't start.
Give up smoking for the sake of your health, for the sake of your family, and for the sake of the whole world.
In my opinion, parents should have certain reservations in giving their love to their children.
Nowadays single-child family takes a huge part in the society.
Their children collect myriad dotes on themselves.
And grandparents indulge their grandchildren much than their sons or daughters for the inter-generational pro.
They try their best to satisfy their grandchildren.
They give them everything what they want to.
Even when their grandchildren make mistakes, they are reluctant to punish them.
If parents do as grandparents, it's not good for growing of children.
Several days ago, I read a story which is from a famous magazine.
The mother goes home after working.
She feels thirsty and then takes the beverage which puts on the table.
It's mine.
In my opinion, the answer is her parents.
Some families are not rich, but when their children say to their parents what they want to eat, their parents will make every attempt to buy for them no matter how high the price is.
But to themselves, they are not willing to have a taste.
So parents develop their children's selfishness.
And all parents want to give their children the best; they usually do and arrange everything to protect their children and to satisfy their needs.
Many people call the excessive indulgence sweet drug.
Though on the surface, the sweet drug is sweet and delicious.
The fact it is like a drug.
It's easy to cultivate their self centering and it's not easy to communicate with them.
They will understand it's not good for their living and working.
So we should establish a health parents-children relationship.
From my point of view, there are two ways to establish a health parents-children relationship.
First of all, you should be accustomed to say" no" to your child.
Don't be afraid that your child does not like you because you say no to them.
The last but not the least, you can not consider your child as your whole life.
When you get from the family and you must pay it.
In general, Parents should have certain reservations in giving their love to their children.
In Africa, antelopes open their eyes every morning and the first thinking is that they have to run faster than the fastest lion runs.Otherwise, they will be eaten up by lions.
At the same time, lions wake up, and the first thinking is that they have to run faster than the fastest antelope runs.
If not, they will die of hunger.
Then antelopes and lions run to the rising sun.
This is life--whatever you are an antelope or a lion, while sun rising, you must run to the distance without hesitation.
From this picture, we can see an aged grandma who sited lonely in front of the mirror.
She seems to very lone because her sons and daughters all not at home.
This situation is very common in china nowadays.
With the rapid development of the society, many youths left their parents and hometown in order to earn much money and catch up with the trend.Also, there are many people left their parents after marring because they are tired of living with their parents.
However, as parents, they often worry about their children heathy and safety.
A lot of aged people don't have some activities in their daily lives.
When the aged people stay at home alone, they frequent memory the past days which they played with their children in order to kill time.
On the other hand, the aged people often expect the festival come fast and then their children will come back home stay with them.
The best wishes for the aged people is that they wish their children spend more time stay with them.
Therefore, we should pay more attention to these aged people and convey our best loves to them in order to let them get rid of loneliness.
Some people make the assumption that personality decides on people's destiny.
On the one hand,it is widely acknowledged that personality may attach significance to developing people's society association.
On the other hand, it is of high possibility for someone who has a good personality to get a good chance to develop himself.
Compared with these people, some people agree with that destiny can be charged freely.
To begin with, people can change their destiny by studying even though they just come from normal families.
Furthermore, people are able to live their own life without relying on others.
From my own perspective, I hold the view that the second view is wiser.
Not only can we change our destiny by ourselves but also we can get in charge of our life independently.
Only in this way can we have a bright future eventually.
Dear Sir or Madam, I'm from China.
I'm good at P. E. I'm good at playing football.
In my free time, I always go out to play football with my friends.
I want to be a P. P teacher in your PEOPLE CENTER.
I'm very outgoing.
I like to make us friends with kids.
It'S the dream come true for me.
When I see the kids, I have a strong felling, please let me enjoy.
Now, could you please do them.
At the beginning of this article,Mom and her daughter didn't get on well.
Her mom brought a box of big black garbage bags.
She put eye shadow,face cream and many necessaries into the trash.
She let the desk drawers filled with school papers, filed by year and subject.
Then pack the desk contents into a box and stack books onto a single bookshelf.
She emptied the closet and decided to donate some of them.
She stripped off the comforter, blanket, sheets, and pillows.
But when she saw the a large brown envelope marked "DO NOT THROW AWAY" and read the cards and notes,she changed her attitude.
Finally, she brought back the garbage bags from the car and the curb and made the bed.
We have only one earth,so please protect it.But now people are doing something to hurt the earth.For example,people catch many fish in the sea every day,it's make the fish fewer and fewer,and they put a lot of dirty water into the sea,this pollution the water.Now,there are many factories on the earth,the factories burn things to make energy,and it is pollution the air.People also pollution the ground,they throw the rubbish away and put Plastic bags under the ground,and we cut dnow the trees,desproy the forest and animals home...This all hurt our beautiful earth.we can't live with out air,food and water.So,let's take good care of the earth!
The youth are the future of our country,and those of them are the main power of prosperous development in China.With the process of society,it's necessary for them to be an international,comprehensive and open-minded person.From my perspective,I think the young people should not be more self-centered and unsympathetic than were previous generations.
The main reason is that how our country looks like in the future depends on what the youth creates.
As a member of society ,the influence of our behaviors is not restricted to ourselves,but also probably to others.It's quite common nowadays for some people to meet their own needs regardless of other's feeling.Namely,everthing must be followed by his satisfactory.Take my dormitory as an example.It happens frequently that someone talks to her boyfriend on the phone while others is trying to fall asleep.Even if you complain to her about this thing many times,the puzzle cannot be solved at all.
In addition,if people always treat themselves as the center of the organization,they tend to be more unsympathetic.When her roommate falls sick,few offer to help, but regard it as none of their business.Another example is that some young people spend money as much as they have.Virtually,they take less care of how hard-working their parents are.As to me,I support that money should be spent on the aspects which are helpful to your study,not to show off luxurious stuffs.
On the other hand, parents also have the legal obligation to teach their children to be become an useful people,not just cater to their needs.Many young people are prone to imitate their parents,so it's essential for parents to make a good example.
For the reasons what I have mentioned,the youth in China today are more self-centered and unsympathetic than were previous generation.A splendid future should be produced by those who are more comprehensive and sympathetic.
Online shopping has been playing an increasingly important part in our daily life.
It has brought us a lot of benefits in spite of its demerits.
First and foremost,it is of paramount importance to have a sober comprehension of online shopping.
There is no denying that it brings consumers much convenience in shopping,while the flaws should not be ignored.
The new eco shops people have inaugurated is unusual in essence,entirely different from the physical shops in real life.Given the convenience of online shopping,quite a number of people,especially young people,prefer to make consumption online,where much time could be saved easily.
No need to wander in the streets to find the satisfied ones,appealing to the tastes of new era.
Moreover,for those who are always occupied with their work,they just spare a little time on viewing the net files and the transactions would be set immediately.
Furthermore,online shopping breaks down the barriers among different places,which allows a consumer in the south to buy his coat from the north pretty soon, for instance,as well as from domestic to abroad.
In contrast,the demerits of online shopping cannot be in defiance of.The most typical one lies in the invisibility of eco transactions,therefore people might be cheated occasionally,involving the quality of the products,the damage during delivery and loss of their money.
In addition,some people get lazy in a way and even become indulged in online shopping.
Unnecessary transactions may be set,causing the waste of resources,money and time.
In the interview at Davos Forum,Ma Yun,CEO of Alibaba,said that"We finish 60 million transactions every day.
People don't know each other.
I don't know you;I send products to you.
It reveals,to some degree,the invigorated development of China's eco trade.
He also claimed that 15 years later,people forget about ecommerce-because they think it's like electricity.
To conclude,the whole society should pay constant attention to the growth of ecommerce.
Only in this way people could lead a better life in the future.
I always imagine what my life will be like in the future.
Ten years later, maybe I will get married to a girl or maybe I will still live with my family.but I think I can live happily whoever I will stay with.
As for my work, it would be very fantastic if I could be an engineer.
I would get on well with my companies, and I would design a lot of works.
which can stay a long time.
I like to travel, so I wonder lf I can travel to different countries with my parents in the holidays.
To achieve my dream, I would work hard from now then.
Liu Wei is my hero, who have no arms,but ca play the piano.
He has a very very special experience.
He lost his arms when he was only ten years old.
He wants to be a piano player.
After so much hard work,he finally managed to use his feet play on the piano, he successfully in the stage of" China' Got Talent".
"Music is like water and air to me,"he said.
Whatever he does,he never gives up because he has an amazing strong will.If I can encourage just person, then my job is this life is done.
Wherever my foreign friend to vist , I will try my best to take him to visit that I think the most interesting place.
If my foregin friend want to vist my campus.
I will take him to see the school's library.
On the one hand, I know him like to study.
On the other hand, my school's library have a good environment.
And he can realize know my school's library style.
If my foregin friend want to vist my hometown, I'd like to take him to see the Wangshanhu.
It's a beautiful lake.
I believe he will like this place.
Otherwise, if my foreign friend want to vist China.
I advrise him to visit Wuhu Fandte.
It's a interesting place.
It's good for him to visit.
If my foreign friend really want to visit that I think the most interesting place, I'd like to take him to visit.
There is a pair of opposite ideas on group cooperative learning is good or not.Some people consider that it is good.however,others hold the opposite view that it is not conducive to learning English.
Some people would say that it is not beneficial to study English.They hold this view because classroom discipline would be bad.Someone prefer to study on his own rather than study together.So they argue that group cooperative learning is not good.
As far as i am concerned.I agree with group cooperative learning is good.Admittedly,we can adopt other's strong points while overcoming our weak point.Furthermore,it also active classroom atmosphere.Finally we would share the joy of learning.In conclusion,cooperative learning is good.
When it comes to the winter , all the people feel excited .
Not only can they enjoy the feeling of cool wind , but also they can enjoy the happiness of playing with thier friends.
it is possible for them to live a happy life, because they have the simple mind to see world and people.
Before winter comes , the birds start build their beautiful and warm house, the grasses take off their green clothes for sleepping.
it reminds me of the teacher whose hair long ang beautiful .
they are basying with their work for having a good start next year.
But, for the students of the university , they are reviewing their course of the whole semester for passing their final test held by their teachers.
they are pride in themselves, beacuse they are freshman .
no pains , no gains .
they study very hard so that they can become sophmore , they will persist until they success.
Now, i have been a student of university, i know i must study quikely.
Before winter comes , we are ending up our class , so we will must suit our shool life .
only that can we have a good grades of our coures.
For now i know one of the greatest principles of success : if i persist long enough i will win .
Nowadays, a number of students use cellphones at the school.
The problem is whether we should allow students to use mobile phones at school.
As the say goes, every coin has two sides.
Some students believe that phones bring us some convenience.
It is convenient to contact with families and friends.
Besides, when we are boring, we can use it to watch movies, play games, take photos and so on.
In a word, it is very useful.
However, others hold the view that it has no goods.
They think we can be addicted to the phones.
It is bad for our eyes.
Furthermore, if we spend too much time on it, our grades will fall behind.
In my opinion, cellphones make our life convenient and colorful.
We should use it at the school.
But we mustn't use it at class.
It is wonderful for us, if we use it right.
Of the four acknowledge heroes of the event .
There are able to account for their behavior.
One of them said 'It is something I never thought I would do and somebody had to go in the water, ' delivering every hero's line that is no less admirable for being repeated .
In fact, nobody had to go into the water.
That somebody actually did so is part of the reason this particular tragedy sticks in the mind.
Still , he could never have imagined such a capacity in himself.
When they met accident, they don't avoid it and face them bravely.
That's why makes them become hero.
Yet whatever moved these men to challenge death on behalf of their fellows wonder of the story.
That is why we would not let go for it.
If the man in the water gave a life line to the people gasping for survival , he was likewise giving a lifeline to those who watched him.
They have a lot of outstanding qualities like brave and kind .
If they have these qualities, it is not diffculty to help an injured person at an accident.
Most of us will be confused about this situation , that is to say, we do not know what could we do to help.
Fotunetly, we have these heroes.
It's my pleasure to stand here to participate in the speech contest.
Today, the topic of my speech is"Nothing succeeds without a strong will".
This sentence tell us that nothing succeeds without a strong will, if we do everything with a strong will, everything is possible.
In my opinion, there is no doubt that the strong will is the important guarantee of success.
Stephen Hawking has said that"life survives not by hating the lighting but by avoiding where it is likely to strike", so he did, and he succeeded.
A great man is one who has a strong will that can accomplish the great mission, to create brilliant.
As we students also like that, if we don't study hard, we won't be a useful person in the future.
I'm sure all of us here hope our dreams come true.
However, in real life, nothing succeeds without a strong will, and only strong can we succeed.
So, dear friends, whatever we do, we should with a strong will, only in this way, can we succeed, can we become a useful person.
My speech finished, thank you for your listening.
i used to have much free time,but i not have much free time new .
because i have many things to do .
but i have a letter free time .i used to play out with my firends in my free time , but i often read book in my free time .
i want to have more free time ,because i have to many thinks to do .
Nowadays, it has been a common phenomenon that college students are tied up with the part-time job.
Many teachers complain that there are fewer and fewer students who are engaged in their study.
No, of course not, nevertheless, part-time job gives rise to a host of benefits.
First of all, as a freshman you may feel a little bit bored, when you are in the adaptation stage of the college life.
There is no doubt that it is an excellent chance to get rid of it.
In this way, you can also arrange your time reasonably, fall into a habit of independence.
Then, a major-related part-time job enables you to better apply theory to practice, as well as you can learn a wealth of experience which can never learn from the textbooks.
What's more, earning money through the part-time job, students can to some extent alleviate the financial burden on their families.
Finally, social practice can offer you a chance to contact society and meet various people, which can help you to better adapt to the competitive society in the future.
As a part-time jobber ever, I put my side in taking a part-time job.
I want to study English for different reasons.I have some kind and patient English teachers,and all of them are ladies,so I feel very warm.I like seeing English movies,because they are better than ours.It's necessary to communicate with foreigners so I want to study English well.I can catch the meanings in an English song after I study English.For the requirement of society,I must be able to use the English.So I do it.
I think Christmas Day is very inportant day ,because in Christmas Day we have holiday and we can play and eat dinner with our parents .Christmas Day is on December 25 ,which celebrates the birth of Jesus Christ,the founder of the Christian religion,is the biggest and best love holiday in the United States.
According to the Bible,the holy book of Christians,God decided to allow his only son,Jesus Christ,to be born to a human mother and live on earth so that people could understand God better and learn to love God and each other more.Christmas meaning celebration of Christ honors the time when Jesus was born to a young Jewish woman Mary.So Christmas Day is a inportant day.
I am studying in Northeast University at Qinhuangdao now.
My campus is very quiet and beautiful.
I quite love her.
If my foreign friend is coming to visit my campus, I will take him to visit the library.
Our library has two parts.
One is the main body, it has borrowing rooms and self-study's rooms.
All of the books in it can borrow out if you need.
You can do some self-study in it if you want.
And another part is reading rooms in another building which is the tallest building in our school.
It only does some reading in these reading rooms but can't borrow out.
Two parts are connected with a dangling channel.
As is known to all, books are the ladder of human progress.
As far as I concerned, we learn more knowledge in our library which has all kinds of books mostly.
So I'll take him to visit our library.
I can't wait for my foreign friend to visit my campus.
In the story,the cook show his daughter three things in the boil water to answer his daughter's question.It also tell his daughter three ways to face the endless problem.
In our life we will encounter many problems which we can't avoid.At this time,there is no choose but face it.Even though we can have the best way to face it.In fact not everyone is coffee bean,but we can't stop pursue it.
I think some people first meet the problem must like a carrot not easy to confidence and show their weak.
After that they study to protect themselves like an egg its thin shell had protect its liquid interior,but it is fragile.At the end,it has many experience can become coffee bean.It should enjoy the problem and change it well for their life.
No man is coffee bean when he is born,but we can become coffee bean by ourselves.
Along with the advance of the society more and more problems are brought to our attention,one of which is the housing prblem.
In some big cities ,have a lot of people had not house and they had to rent the house .But why the housel little and little,I think there are two reasons for this.
First,more and more people get to the city and their family also go to the city.theny need houe to life .But the land is little so they had to rent the house.
Second,if you want to buy a hous you must have enough mony,that is to say the house is expensive.Most person can not pay for it.
We rarely reach an absolute consensus on such a controversial issue,But I have some pieces to solve the housing problem.
It my opinion the goverment shoule bulit moer and more economical and practical property.in this way,more and more people will be have own house.in the others hand the goverment should control the piece of house.
In a word,the whole society should pay close attention to the problem of house only in this way can be well in future.
Everone has stayed at home by himself when their parents go out.
I have ever stayed at home by himself .
My parents were very worried about leaving me they had to go away on business for a few days.
My favourite photo is the 400meters race in the sports meeting.
The photo was taken by WuZeYang.The boy who is in the photo is my friend WangZiJie.He was tall and he was in a yellow shirt at the time.He is good at running,so he entered the competition.Even though he was the last one,he was very hard and became the first one.He was the first one pass the finishing line.The photo courages me to never gives up.
This is my favourite photo.
As a popular saying goes,"Genius is 99% perspiration and 1% inspiration.
"Nowadays,with the rapid development of society,people attach great importance to diligence.There are several reasons why diligence helps to achieve success.
In my opinion,to begin with,not all of us are genius.If an ordinary person want success,he must be working harder.Otherwise,he won't have any advantages to achieve success.Furthermore,the more you pay,the more you gain.You pay more perspiration for the project,you are able to find the best way to do this work.For this reason ,you can do the work well and achieve success.Last but not least,diligence is a really precious character for us.The person who knows diligence helps to achieve success will have mang great characters and he is very competitive.
In summary,from what has been mentioned above,we may conclude that diligence helps to achieve success.Diligence plays a significant role in our society.I believe that if we hane the character---diligence,we will witness a hopeful and promising future of our life.
This picture can be naturally associated with the impact of Internet on learning: the student who from a rural area in GuangXi is learning Peking Unversity course on Internet.
Indeed,some students equal education to getting information.
Nowadays, it's an obvious trend of people prefer to surf the Internet to obtain information.
Meanwhile,an increasing number of people find it rather convenient,efficient and wide range to gain information that they really need.
The typical of Internet station I always used are Baidu and Google.
Whatever we want to learn ,they will provide us.
As a college student, Internet not only help us obtain information ,but also can we get a correct attitude for life and the practical skill to the development of characters.
Now,with the development of the movie's industry,masses of great movies have been on show and have influence on people deeply.
So my favourite movie is < < American dreams in china > > .
This movie is an accurate story.Three young boys fill with dreams when they graduate from university.
When their career ambitious and personal dreams confront disillusionment,The three best friends try their best to get over difficulties.
In my opinion,this movie not only has perfect plot, but also has three actors with abilities of performing.
From this movie,I know that some things are doomed to happen,we can't change.
The only thing we need to do is to learn to ignore.
"Success depends on the detail", which is also adapt to eating.
Nowadays, there are all kinds of in the supermarket for us to choose.
With the living-level improving, how to eat wisely become a hot topic.
The following passages I will show you my own opinions about eating.
The U.N. Committee on World Food Security suggested that we should eat more of those foods such as: milk, green tea, wine, broccoli, salmon, garlic, and oat and so on.
So we can improve the number of those kinds of food in our daily eating habit.
But it is doesn't mean that we can't eat other healthy food.
We should always put it in our minds that partial eclipse is the biggest enemy for us to keep fit.
What's more, there are ten kinds of unhealthy food we shouldn't eat.
Such as: fry food, processed food, manufactured food, biscuit, soft water, coke, instant noodles, canned food, preserved fruit, ice-cream and barbecue.
Thus we should we should try our best to stay away from those food.
We should eat neither too much nor too less.
Besides, we should eat as slowly as we can.
In the morning, a good breakfast can bring a nice day, because the first meal decides our body condition.
Moreover, the first meal in a day should include: carbohydrate (like steamed bun, bread, gruel), protein (like egg, peas, meat) and vitamin (like vegetable, fruit).
So we can eat an egg, several pieces of bread with some fruits or vegetables salad and a bottle of milk.
In the afternoon, we need to eat something to provide energy to our body.
As far as I'm concerned, set meal is a good choice, which includes rice, three kinds of vegetables and meat.
Of course, we can choose noodles or dumpling, but after eat that we can choice one or two kinds of fruits, and then we can keep healthy balance.
As for supper, through a day's hard work, many people would choice to eat a generous meal, which is really a bad choice.
Because after supper we needn't to do much work and will go to bed soon.
If we eat too much, which is no doubt to add burden on our stomach and make it can't get enough good rest.
So we can choice a bowl of gruel, some vegetables and a half of steamed bun.
And before we have a meal, we'd better to drink some soup first in order to protect our stomach.
Finally, except for three meals we can choice some fruits, nut, date, sesame and yogurt as our snacks.
After one or two hours of meal we can eat that.
But we should remember that don't eat too much in a time.
In a day we should eat at least three kinds of fruits and five kinds of vegetables, because that can provide enough vitamin and nutritional elements to satisfy our bodies' need.
In our daily eating we should eat as much kinds of food as we can.
What's more, when we eating we should keep a good mood, which will benefit for our digestion.
This is my view of eating.
Now, many of us have enough money to eat, so we should put our mind on how to eat wisely and then we can accept a good health and a happy life.
As for people from the Beijing Performance Industry Association and many a performance company, their answer to the question is definitely "no", for they have put a ban on former star drug abusers.
Opponents of the ban deem that they are not showing humane warmth.
However, in my mind, the commitment of these institutions displays forgiveness as well as humanity and deserves implementation.
By definition, it means tolerance and acceptance.
A rule not based on the Chinese constitution or imposed on all entertainment institutions, the commitment is enforced spontaneously and voluntarily; it is not obligatory.
That is to say, it tolerates employment of star drug users by other organizations.
The commitment, therefore, in contrast with some perceptions, is--in all actuality--humane.
It aims to purify the entertainment industry, rendering it healthy and advantageous to the development of the entire world; its purpose is not to utilize drug issues to hype up stars' notoriety to gain profits.
Conversely, some stars are just doing this very thing to bolster sagging or lagging careers.
For instance, Xiao Shushen, upon her return to the entertainment industry after drug rehabilitation, is covertly availing herself of her past experience to self-publicize and make easy money--a condemnable and heartless act.
Compared to this, the tolerating commitment above actually glorifies humanity.
Other than these issues, the ban should be endorsed for the following reasons.
Firstly, it urges all stars to keep a tight rein on their behavior.
Attributed to the ban, not only would they be punished by law if utilizing illicit drugs, but also they would encounter long-lasting stumbling blocks if pursuing a career in Beijing show biz and so the original penalty is doubled.
If no voice of boycott from the acting and performing circle is heard, stars would regard drug-taking as nothing worthy of note and consider it even as an extensible way to enjoy greater fame.
The consequence to stars themselves and the industry they affiliate with would be devastating.
Secondly, the ban on star narcotic addicts is conducive to the sound growth of China's younger generation.
In this day and age, stars are more liable to become role models for young people than distinguished scientists and statesmen, thus exerting a more substantial impact on posterity.
Young people are inclined to imitate an idol's clothing, hair style, and behavior, often lacking the ability to differentiate right from wrong.
So it is not difficult to measure the influence of a star transforming into a drug user.
The commitment educates the young that illegal drug use is an enormous mistake and that they should not reduplicate the misconduct.
Lastly, the promise benefits the elevation of social moral standards.
It endows righteousness upon the entire society--every individual, regardless of whom he or she is, must take responsibility for his or her deeds.
When a mistake is committed, the society would forgive the wrong doer, but things are no longer what they are before.
This is an essential obligation one must undertake.
In a nutshell, the commitment is by nature forbearing and humanitarian and it should be greeted with applause for the sake of the stars, the youth and social morality.
Hopefully, stars, under the pressure from the commitment, would keep themselves aloof from drug use of any kind.
Thus, they would become real stars in the sky, radiating light at night so that when people think of the brilliance of dignity and virtue, they would think of them.
Everyone know that reading is very important in our study.
However, there are some views about whether reading selectively or extensively.
Some people think that reading selectively is necessary in our daily life.
Because of it must spend much time in reading extensively, we have not much free time in our life.
Nowthat, not all knowledge is useful to us.
Sometimes we need to be taught some special skill.
The other people think that reading extensively is necessary in our daily life.
This part of people believe that reading extensively can bring much knowledge to us.
Even if these knowledge are not useful to us, We also accept it.
it is worth spending much time in reading to us.
In a word, Reading is important in our life.
I think that reading selectively is necessary in our life.
I'm not willing to spend much time in reading.
I think a good teacher care about herhis students like them kid.
The teacher makes their students interested in their class.And have special method of teaching.
Maybe the teacher is a amusing and interesting teacher.
But she also will like to give students a lot of tests .Maybe the teacher is a strict and unsmiling teacher.But she also love to talk to students.She always kind and patient when we make mistakes.Sometimes be angry with us.The teacher have to have rich in knowledge.And be modest and open-minded.
A good teacher need cares about every students like one.
Yang Shi went where his teacher Cheng Yi lived.
But when he arrived,his teacher was sleeping.
So he decided to wait until his teacher wake up.
At that time,it was snowing hard.
Although he was so cold,he didn't wake his teacher up.Because he didn't want his teacher to feel tired.
He waited for a long time.Finally his teacher woke up.He was surprised because the ground was covered with thick snow here and there.And Yang Shi was like a snowman.
He really looked up to his teacher.And I will look up to my teachers, too.
I had a long holiday for National Day.I was very happy, because I could do anything I want.
During this holiday I have planed to go somewhere fun with my friends for a few days.
I want to go to Beijing.Because it was the capital of our country.And I also want to go to DaLian.As the weather it was very good in Dalian,especially the scenery and seafood.Although my plan was perfect,I didn't go out,on the contrary I was home.
At home.I helped my parents to do farm work,and it was very tired.In the morning,we got up at 5 o'clock, about 6 o'clock we will go to the field to do some work.Such as cut the corn,cut the sorghum,cut the sunflower and so on.In the afternoon,we often go to the field at 13 o'clock,Because I don't often do some work.I was tired very much,so I deeply feel the parents of hard.
I think this was the best way to experience life,and also let's know the fatigue of the parents,will inspire us to study hard.Don't like our parents hard work every day.
Although I didn't go out to play,at home to help parents work,though very tired,I think it also communicate my feelings and parents.
In today society,Blind-date show becomes more and more universal,whenever we turn on the TV,those incredible scence of on blind-date show would pop up the screen.But what did TV programs bring to us?What did we absorb from them?
An increasing number of channels show On Blind-show,they may seem to be fantastic and funny,a large audience is fascinated by them.They also can let strangers become objective affection.It is an extremely good way to find your Mr.Right.On the other hand,some girls on the show are very realistic.The condition they find boyfriend is how much do they earn?Did they have house or car?It brings unfavorable influence to audiences.
Watching Blind-date show can make our life relax,we can watch it in our spare time,but never let its drawback influence our day life.
I like reading.
Good reading helps a lot.
Firstly, I think reading can make us get more knowledge.
The more you read, the more knowledgeble you 'll be.
Secondly, it can widen our horizon.
Thirdly, it can improve our study skills.
We often read just through books, papers and the Internet.
But making reading Plans and taking reading notes are necessary.
Reading is convenient.
Even you just have a book, you can read it whenever you like-before class, after class, during the class and during the holidays.
Choosing books is important.
In my opinion, we should read books which are not only good, but also interesting.
Many people say that the time one spends in college is the best time in one's life.
Becoming a college student, I learn to make good use of the best time.
Before coming to university, there was only one necessary thing for me to do, that was study.
I never thought about how to use my time effectively, every time I just went to play computer after finishing my assignments.
When I entered the university, there has been an increasing awareness of shortage of time.
All kinds of colorful activities attract my attention, painting, parties, sports, but I should catch up with others in study at the same time.
Therefore, I have to learn to plan my time efficiently.
I join in several communities and the Student Union, one of them holds meetings every Tuesday noon, the others hold meetings every now and then.
Sometimes the meetings are held at the same time.
At first I have no idea how to deal with this situation, then I come to the full realization that It is not necessary to attend every meeting, so I decide to attend the more important or interesting one.
The Student Union call members to stay in the office in their no-class time, which aims at looking after everything in the office and help students who come here.
However, every week I take some extra courses to study software in order to finish the communities' task.
I start to do assignments and preview what will be taught in the office, then run to the classroom to have lesson.
By this way, I can balance two tasks well.
College life awaken me to the necessity of handling time efficiently.
I am convinced that I can learn more in college by making good use of time.
 Beijing successfully hosted the Olympics, 2010 Shanghai and successfully held a world expo, now had applied for green committee of nanjing successful, believe in 2014 will also hold green Olympic will be very smoothly.
Green Olympic will for us, it is a proud of China for us ,Chinese to also is a kind of pride.
First, we want speak civilization, not to spit and trash.
In foreign a museum, only use Chinese wrote a sentence: please don't spit.
This is a great shame for us Chinese, therefore, we must tell civilization, to let those foreign friends change for us Chinese view.
Second, to learn a little English, can at any time and foreigners do some simple communication.
Let foreigners think we Chinese are approachable.
Third, we want to know more about green Olympic will, to know the meaning of it, emblem, mascots and events.
Well above three points, we can fully meet green Olympic committee.
Believe that all people like me, with 2014 period is fast a little come, expected to green Olympic will go to the photos, expect green Olympic will smoothly.
Thanks for your last letter asking about the popular TV program,The Voice Of China.It's my great pleasure to introduce something about it to you.
As a reality talent,the program has a feature that the judges audition without watching the singers' performance,aiming to show its honesty.Judges sit on chairs with their backs to the singers and if attracted to the voice of certain singer,they can turn the chairs in order to show their interests.Besides,if more than one judge turns the chair,the singer will have the right to choose one judge to join his team.
In my opinion,with great honesty,The Voice Of China has attracted plenty of audiences,turning out to be a huge success.Therefore,it appeals to me a lot as well.I hope my introduction can be of use for you.Looking forward to your reply.
frangkly speaking the great majority of chinese are a bit gluttonous,while unfortunately they have to be trapped in a terrible situation where they could hardly find safe food.they are unable to choose a reassuring milk powder for their baby.and they cannot find a cookshop without using gutter oil,and yes-they are worried about the food safety problems.
why are they so anxious about the food safety problems?Absoluty answer is the problems concern physical health.Most importantly,inabliity of regulatory authorities to solve the problems makes them fearful.In my opinion,food safety problem has a significant effect on the social stability.
TO figure out this matter,government and masses ought to be together in an effort to find ways out.First of all,there must be effective regulations to block the source of profit of the operator like tidhtening inspection of accounts and taxes.Secondly,treat the masses as a smart inspector.Clean off obstacles and accept the complaints of consumers.At last,the government should hold a press conference periodically to release the progress of the activities.
For above reasons,the food safety problem is a long-term undertaking which needs everyone's striving.And we must move right now!
When I come to the collage I think I should be a very serious student.
I believe study is very important in the collage.
We should read lots of books on time.
Reading books can make our progress and give person inspirations.
It can make our better.
In other worlds,doing more sports can also make our better.
I think doing more sports can make me healthy.
SO do sport are very important too.
But how can we make our aim come true.
I think we should have a rigorous plan and we should comply with the plan seriously.
And we must have a positive attitude to face the life.
We should have a good mood every day.
Only in this way, we can have a meaningful college life.
Welcome to one of the four big foshan Jiu Hua mountain my hometown is very beautiful .It have more beautiful the scenery .
For example , there have many temples .
Of couse , it has more wild animal , for example monkey , squirrel and so on , these animals always have fun with visitor .
And jiu hua mountain has more than one thousand meters high .
There has different temperature it can be suitable for mony animal and plants to grow .
So it become a natural botanical garden .
If you want to go to jiu hua mountain , please tell me , I can show you around for free and I believe if you come here , you are worth looking here , and you will don't want to leave .
I love my hometown.
All the more I love its people , they are working hard so as to make it still richer and more beautiful .
The most important thing is not what you say but how you did.
Yesterday afternoon, my mother and I went shopping in the newly-built shop.
We were entering the shop when we heard a plaintive cry.
Then we saw a group of people who were surrounded something.
We were strange about what happened, so we step forward to see.
Beyond our expectation ,we saw a woman who has a miserable experience begging on her keens, and want to be given some money.
A large number of people surrounded and watched.
by talking how she was pitiful ,but few of them donate their money.
Finally, an old women donated the most, and quickly left without talking anything.
In one word, none of us should talk empty .
It is imperative to act now.
I'm glad to write to you.Last year I met you in camp for high school students learn language in America.Now,my school THE HIGH SCHOOL ATTACHED TO NANKAIUNIVERSITY will have a similar summer camp this year.I'd like to invite you to join.
Last year,I felt very happy at summer camp.I made many new friends and learned a lot of knowledge about language.This summer camp ,we will visit the city.You can learn the Tianjin culture.The most important is that you can experience Chinese family life.I'll show you around our school and introduce to you my friend.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
My roommate was watching the football game,and he cheered his favorite team while watched.The sound of his voice and the voice of the game was very large.But I was going over the lessons now!He was influencing me.
I feeled very angry.But I just said"Would you turn down the sound?I am going over my lessons,thank you.
"He took my advise and said sorry to me.
I think he is a kind and considerate person.And he also my best friend.
I will be friends with him for ever.
Reading serves for joy, for knowledge and for character.
First of all, books accompany us when we are in grief and cheer us up.
We'd like to spend an afternoon in the balcony enjoying the sunshine with a book in hands, feeling the joy of reading.
Then secondly, at the same time, we will obtain much information while reading.
Invading in our minds is the knowledge which makes us wise.
At last, reading builds our character.
Those who like to read tend to be the type of men who have good temper and good habits.
It's my privilege to give this speech.In my opinion,the competition is aimed at strengthening our knowledge on English.
For instance,we all know that English is hard to learn,where listening as well as speaking play an important role, we can develop our abilities of these by this competition.
Apart from that,we're able to keep in touch with the wise authors and equip us with more knowledge by reading and this is a good chance to share good books with each other and the habit of reading can be developed.
What's more,there is limit to time.
You must accomplish your speech within 5 minutes.Talking of the standard ,not only are you requested to speak fluency English,but also you should give us correct pronunciation.
All in all,we hope everyone get involved in this completion will enjoy themselves and wishes in advance the competition on complete successfully.
Seeing the Churchill's speech, I admire him very much for the words in the speech are brief and appropriate, which make us read clearly.
Besides, there are lots of rhetoric devices in this speech, such as: antithesis, parallelism, repetition, rhetorical questions, inversion, simile and so on, which strengthen the intensity and appeal of the language.
From the speech, we know that his attitudes are serious and enthusiastic, the words are ardent and sincere and the intonation is sturdy.
In the first paragraph, he uses parallelism to describe the situation in Russia, which makes the language rhythmic and strengthens the vigor of the language.
Churchill uses the six parallels, such as: 'I see' to describe the situation of the Nazi assaulting the Soviet Union, which indicates that he supports and sympathies the Soviet Union's soldiers and civilians, and denounces the brutal and ferocious behaviors of the Nazi, Germany.
"-dull, drilled, docile-" It is the alliteration which can stresses the focal points and deepens our impression.
He also compares the Germanic soldiers to locusts.
This simile is accurate for they both can bring the disasters.
It is the repetition which emphasizes the main idea of that sentence.
It is the inversion which also emphasizes the main idea of that sentence.
"now", "at once", "without a day's delay", which suggest that the time is urgent.
"have to", "must", "are resolved to", which suggest that Churchill's attitudes are steadfast.
It is the antithesis which indicates that his mind is clear and firm, and he can tell the difference between right and wrong.
It is the rhetorical question, and its' tone is stronger than a statement.
It indicates that he is appealing to all people to resist the fascists together.
In the fifth paragraph, he tells the Hitler's intention and the importance of defeating the Hitler together.
To sum up, Churchill uses a variety of rhetoric devices in order to stress the main point of his speech.
I think the structure and words of the speech are perfect.
What he said is encouraging and influential.
I love his speech very much.
Trade deficits of US have been accelerated since the establishments of NAFTA and WTO.
The supporters of NAFTA and WTO ignore imports and count only on exports.
The fact is that the growth of imports surpassed that of exports which worsened the US trade deficits and eliminated job opportunities.
Besides, causes of rising trade deficits include the movement of FDI by the US to Mexico and Canada, appreciation of the US dollar and the negative impact of NAFTA and WTO on the US economic interests.
In conclusion, the real costs of NAFTA and WTO are greatly underestimated and existing trade agreements should be repaired.
The UK is called The United Kingdom or British.
London is the capital of the British.
British is made up of four countries such as England,Wales,Scotland and Northern Ireland.
So it has four languages English,Welsh,Scottish Gaelic and Irish Gaelic.
In the thirteenth century,Wales was linked to England.
Then England and Wales joined Scotland in the seventeenth century and named Great Britain.
Finally the English government formed the United Kingdom by getting Ireland peacefully.
But,the southern part of Ireland was unwilling and broke away to form its own government.
So the United Kingdom contained Northern Ireland,England,Wales and Scotland.
If you want to have a trip on historical architecture,the small towns built by Romans it's a good places to travel.
There you will find out more about British history history and culture.
My girl friend,who does any thing clumsily.Sometimes I'm really annoyed about her behavior.
But that's also why I love her.One day when I waked up,I was so tired that I couldn't got up from the bed.And I found my girlfriend disappear.
I thought "She might go to buy breakfast.
''Meanwhile, the celephone was ringing.It's my girlfriend's number.She said my celephone was disappear.
Nowadays,poison gases which are let out from cars or factories and the excessive disafforestation in many countries lead to a worse and worse air quality.What's more,some big cities are seriously polluted.As for people,they inhale the toxic air pollutant which will cause lung cancer or other disease and then do harm to their body.Therefore,actions like controlling the quantity of cars and banning the factories from discharging pollution need to be taken immediately.Last but not least,using public vehicles like buses or walk when you're out is also a proper way to protect our environment.
With the development of the society,more and more people are concerned about the Internet.
Whatever people do rely on the Internet.It is undeniable that Internet has become the utmost concern among people.It,nonetheless,really could instead of the communication of face to face?
Acorrdling to reality,it's impossible.The reason can be listed as follows.For one thing,Communication on Internet can not convey real emotion and not easy to touch.For another,It is not safety for us to talk vital something,and it could be dangerous.However,not everyone shares the opinion.Those maintain communication onInternet is extremely convenient,when talking,you can send some humor pictures to active atmosphere,therefore,in their point of view,It could be replaced by Internet.
I had stated my mind that Internet could not replace it.Communication needs feeling,when face to face,this can show,everything.
Reading books are a way to study and relax,but the books are so much.So we should read books selectively or extensively?
Someone hold the view that we should read reading selectively.They think that different books have different effect on person.And we should choice the book which useful for us,such as science books,art books,literature books and so on.They thinks that those books can increasing our konwledges and ability.And it is useful for us and we should read it.
Others people thinks we should reading extensively.Every books have its effect for person.For example,nagatively books can help us releising different life experience and attiutude.and we can get leasson from it.
But,we should not read books about forbidden and unhealthy .It is harmfulfor us.
as far as I'm concerned,I think we should reading extensively.We can't have many different life experience but we don't ourselves life.So we should learn and get some class from others by books.And it can help us have a more meaningful life.
This is a saying from Francis Bacon.As we all know,a good book can make you a big change and influence your life attitude.Reading is an important part of my life.When I was a little girl,I began to go to school.And I learn many things from books,include Chinese,maths,Englih,Geography and so on.I must say,I knew the world from these books.
Although some people hold the point that the best way of learning is practice.I can't agree with that.First of all,only we know enough knowledge,thus can put it into practice.Otherwise we just an ignorant people in life.
To sum up,we are supposed to acquire much knowledge from books,and then put it into practice.I think it is a good way to help us utilize our potential.
With the prosperous development of Internet-based education, an increasing number of students enroll in distance learning, where instructors post syllabi and schedules on the school's website and students send in their assignments by e-mails.
From schools' perspective, they can cut down on their expenses used to maintain the facilities: keeping the lights on in the classroom, providing heating and cooling, and paying doorkeepers.
With more and more freshmen taking an online course, schools can also take this opportunity to build up their reputation.
For students, online education provides so much convenience that they can draw on a sea of resources and work on their lessons whenever and wherever.
Besides, they can also save expenses for traveling and boarding.
But there are not all advantages.
Because students can be granted degrees with less effort, their commitment to the course also reduces.
Besides, there is no mechanism to ensure that students make the required effort.
Many have already realized the weakness inherent in the setup.
As far as I'm concerned, we should make full use of online education which contains abundant resources.
When taking an Internet course, we are supposed to take it as seriously as we do with a classroom course.
Also, schools offering online education should provide more opportunities for communication between instructors and students or among students themselves.
My opinions may be narrow, because I think this world is only the parents of their children will really count on the eternal, it does not need for relationships matter, does not need to spend a romantic, do not need false words.
As long as you are his children, can hold to enjoy happiness, and the effective period is the end of life.Up to now, parents always exist, in a word, an act, warm in my heart.
Later, gradually understand once naive how I hurt the heart, then, to hear their words of concern, feel guilty in the heart.The future, I will try my best to protect the care they,We grow up, they are old.
Max was always losing her hair.
She was unhappy and worried about it.
"The girl who is popular in my school has fantastic hair which is full of moisture.
She always said that to her friends.
She has tried many kinds of medicines.
But it never worked.
One day, she dreamt that a guy showed her some plants.
In her dream, the man told her that it would make her hair become beautiful.
As Max woke up, she tried to find the plants which the man showed her in the dream.
Days later, she found that plants and tried them.
Max decided to sell the plants as a product.
As a result, this product sold well.
Besides, Max now is famous as a business girl.
Immoral behavior is very commonly-seen in public, and a big headache for the citizens .
And immoral behavior can have bad influence, for example, it makes many people uncomfortable.
Another ,it can affect them own image , what important is that , personal diathesis can effect a country, but immoral behavior can reduce the moral character .
In a word , immoral behavior is bad and we have to reject it .
Unfortunately, we can always meet the behavior and it makes us unhappy.
For example , I can well remember that ,a person were smoking when I was waiting the train in waiting room , what worse is that I have carsickness, and it made me nervous, then I hate to the person until now, because he made me want to spit.
In order to decrease the rate of immoral behavior ,we can do some things for it .
Firstly, we can schedule several volunteers to remain people not to do immoral behavior.
Secondly, we can ask a police in public to fine them who are doing bad things .
It is not the only way out , but I believe it can be effective.
Student as i am,i keep the saying"Actions speak louder than words"in my mind.
There is one thing in the depth of my memory.I used to deal every subject well in my elementary school,so i carried pride to go to my junior school.I promised to my parents that i would never make them disappointed.On the contary,i was just talking and laughing when other students worked hard.High score was on the tip of my tongue,but it didn't come accurate.
In my youth,this experience was to change my whole outlook on study.Since my parents and teachers are not a bit happy about my scores,i had no alternative but to work hard.I deciplined myself to do more exercises every day.However busy i was,i recited more phrases than others.By perserverance i did it!
Try as i might,i prove the truth that doing is more important than just saying.
Before winter comes, I find that the scenery changes.
On the one hand, the leaves are yellow, some are hanging on the trees, and some are on the ground.
It is cold and windy.
On the other hand, more and more students put on pants and a sweater.
This time it is most likely to get sick, so we should protect ourselves.
Through this difficult time.
We would enter the beautiful winter.
I like the winter.
Especially the white snow.I believe that many students have never seen snow.I am looking forward to the first snow of Luoyang.
In the meantime,Not only are the boys and girls both skating in the river happily,but also they can have a good time.I suppose you can expect more of first snow.
It's good for us to share our things to others.Because of it,we can get on well with others,and let ourselves feel happy.
One day after school,I felt so hungry,so I brought some cookies.When I was eating,I noticed that my brother was looking at me.I thought maybe he was hungry.So I gave him some cookies.When he was eating,he was so happy.I wonder why that I felt happy too at that time.
But now I know,because of sharing,I can feel very happy.So if you want to have more happiness in life,sharing is a good way.
Keep your heart healthy and reduce your heart attack risk with 10 simple tips.
Call someone that you walk 30 minutes everyday and do whatever to keep you blood pressure number to 115/75.Eat an ounce of nuts a day.Because nuts raise HDL good cholesterol and decrease inflammation.What's more,learn your HDL number and do what you can to raise it to 50.Eat 10 tablespoons of tomato sauce a week and you will get a great benefit.Floss you teeth regularly Eat no more than 20 gram of saturated fat a day and as little trans fat as possible.If you follow the first seven tops below,you'll reduce the chance of having a heart attack bu as much as 90 percent compared to a typical person of your age.
You'd better read labels and throw out all food that has sugar in the first five ingredients,have a glass of wine or beer today and eat 9 servings of colorful fruits and vegetables a day.
in my school has floors first floor.there are six class rooms .there is a library .
there are eight teachers'offices.
there is a canteen .second floor.
there is eight class rooms .
there are eleven teachers'office and an Art room.Third floor ,there is ten class rooms .and eight teachers"office.forth floor .there are eight class rooms.there are eight teachers" office.there is a music room.
there is a computer room.Our class rooms is in the forth floor.In our class,there are some table,it's green.Our desks are green too.
The British Museum was established in 1753, largely based on the collections of the physician and scientist Sir Hans Sloane.
The museum first opened to the public on 15 January 1759 in Montagu House in Bloonmsbury, on the site of the current museum building.
Its expansion over the following two and a half centuries has resulited in the creation of several branch intitutions, the first being the British Museum(Natural History) in South Kensington in 1887.
Until 1997, when the British Library opened to the pubilc, the British Museum was unique in that it housed both a national museum of antiquties and a national library in the same buliding.
Its present chaiman is Sir John Boyd and its director is Neil MacGregor As with all other national museum and art galleries in Britain, the Museum charges no admission feer,although charges are levied for some temporary special exhbitions.
I"m very like the 4 room ,It's animal room,there have many cute animal.
Hearing you will come to my campus, i'm very pleause.
My school name is X high school, campus full of beautiful flowers and smile, if you come i believe you will a great experience, what's more , i will do my best company with your to visit more interesting place.
Firstly, i will company with you to visit shhool library, because our school library have many different books , from there you can learn more chinese culture, our school library has more 200 years history, our school is famous for the library, i will comprehension the history, i believe you will know more chinese culture.
Secondly, i will company with you to visit my school aky bridge, in our country, as we all know, our school have a sky bridge, it has very long and and across street, everyday there full of student, from there they can they can see many beautiful flowers and campus, after that, i will company with you to visit my classroom, because there full of chinese culture, you can see many experience teacher's and active student's, if you want exerpence chinese culture, i will company with you, i believe you can beneficial from the class.
Thirdly, i will company with you visit my document, my document is clear and full of student's smile, every student is active and kind, you can mank many friend's.
I'm look forward to you come to my cunpus, i think it is a good experience for you and increase your foreign culture.
Hallo, My name is M. Now I will talk about my dream.
Everyone has a dream.
I often ask myself, what is my dream.
When I was young.
I want to be a Astronomer.
I often read many books about this ,and watching the science fiction film .I think the sky the universe is very interesting,beautiful,charming,make people full of imagination.
To be a Astronomer.
This is a how enviable thing.
With time goes by .I grow up, that I realize childhood dream is unrealistic.
So I must find a new dream.
Before I go to the university.
I am very confused I have no goal and no dream.
But now, I am a student of university .My major is English.
To be honest, I do not like English any more.
I have never thing that I will study English, and the university English is very difficult to me.
I have no confidence to learn it well.
But, in spite of this .I must to learn English well, for myself and my future.
I charge my dream, now I want to be a English teacher when I graduation.
So I must study harder and harder in order to make my dream come ture.
I will try my best to be the study winner.
Now everything I do is close to my dream.
For my future have a wonderfull life.
For my parents do not worry me.
I will study hard for my dreams and I never give up.
There is a striking contrast between the ways of learning in Chinese and the West.
Chinese teachers usually teach by holding hands, while American educators give priority to creativity.
However, there is enormous creativity to be found in Chinese scientific, technological and artistic innovations past and present.
And there is a danger of exaggerating creative breakthroughs in the West.
When any innovation is examined closely, its reliance on precious achievements is all too apparent.
In my opinion, the fostering of skills and creativity are both worthwhile goals.
W can gather a superior way to approach education.
Perhaps we can strike a better balance between the poles of creativity and basic skills.
Hi, Tom.
I am glad to hear that you are interested in the traditional Chinese festivals.
Mid-Autumn is on the 15th of the August on the Chinese.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is very important for China.
In Mid-Autumn Festival,people for the most part eat moon cake,and in this festival,the moon is very beautiful and bright.
So Mid-Autumn festival is my favourite festival.
In Mid-Autumn festival in China,people often have a big dinner with family,people always very happy.
The child was very happy in this festival.
I like this festival very much.
Did you see many scene like these in China?When a little child fallen down ungratefully , you could see his mother was extremely worried and to help her baby at once;When a boy intended to find a part-time job,his parents was so anxious about his studies that they stopped him seriously.
Yes,there are a lot of things like these you can see in China,such are parents love their children that children are losing their independent gradually,and there are more and more parents complain about their children can't make decisions by themselves.How should parents help children to be independent?Here are some suggests which I think is useful to help parents to solve this problem.
In the first place,parents should give children their own private space,and let them make decisions by themselves.Parents can give advice to their children and help them make decisions more correctly,not to inference their children in every aspect.In this way,children can be more independence and it is good for families' communication.
Furthermore,parents should also not to laissez-faire children and more efforts should be made by parents to help their children to be independent.Being independent means someone must face with difficulties,so parents can teach children to be more courageous by serving them as a model.
Finally,I think children can find a part-time job when they not busy.A part-time job can help children know more about our society and they can learn how to communicate with people.During a part-time job,not only can they earn pocket money by themselves,but also they can learn how to take care of themselves.
As far as I'm concerned,parents should help their children be independent,instead of determining everything for them,and children should be most happiest to improve the ability to overcome difficulties independently.I firmly believe that the one who decide children's future is the children themselves.
One's life is a wide sea, and we are all ships travelling in the darkness, while the dream is a light-tower to give us directions and hope.
If we have no dreams we are nothing for if we never have a dream come true; in my opinion, you'll be everything you want to be if you have a dream and put your heart into it.
On the other word, a dream gives you the directions, the courage, and the power to get a colorful life.
In every stage of one's life, we need have a dream to know the direction for hardworking.
As we all know, Chinese teachers always think the student who gets a high mark is a good student.
While I think this is not enough, a student needs to know what he wants to own and to work hard for this.
When General Pardon was in West Point, he didn't get high marks.
While he dreamed to be a general for fighting, so he was interested in doing military training and got a lot of honors in the famous military academy.
Eventually, he was known to the whole world as a hero in the seconed world war.
This story tells us we need have a dream we are students.
And we still need to have dreams after graduation.
Ma Yun graduated in a common college.
While his life is not usual.
He had a dream to be a great businessman and he worked for this and never give up.
Now, he did it.
Dreams give us the courage to go the unusual way and defeat the difficulties that others think not impossible.
Many people in our world are living in a life that likes a pool of dead water.
They do not dare to change and they think have to live in the style of life that others live.
However, there are other people who obey the rule, but also go the way that never been walked before.
These people have the courage to challenge the style that others think right for they have great dreams.
Liu Bang is a famous emperor in Chinese history for he has the courage to defeat the Qin dynasty as a small figure and he also gain success for his big dream.
As is known to all, a man who is lost in a dark forest needs the torchlight to lighten his way, and a person also needs a dream to get the power when he is in the adversity.
In everyday life, there are many difficulties that make us completely exhausted.
It's easy for people to give up if they can't find the fire of hope.
But a man who has a great dream will be full of energy in the sunshine road or in the muddy way.
When I was in high school, my dream is NUDT.
But my grade was not very high and I was in the edge of shortsightness.
But I know I can be what I want to be for I have a dream.
I worked hard even when I'm tired.
And I did a lot of exercise to build my body and this does well in my eyes.
And now you see, I did it.
Dream is the stone to tick up the fire of hope.
Everyone in the world needs a dream then it's possible for you to live a colorful life.
With the advance of civilization and economic, the world we are living in sharply differs from the one in the past.
Inevitably, numerous remarkable things have sprung up.
Emigration of celebrities is one of the things that have long captured our attention.
Some people think that those celebrities are not patriotic.
But other people take an opposite side.
They firmly believe that emigration is their own choices we should not interference.
As for me, I agree to the latter idea.
There are dozens of reasons behind my belief.
Firstly, emigration is not to change one's nationality.
although they emigrates abroad, they are still Chinese people.
Secondly, the change is only ordinary lives of the celebrities.
Maybe, they could improve their living conditions, could entry or exit corresponding country freely.
Their children could enjoy better education.
Last but not least, they still make effect for their countries.
In conclusion, emigration of celebrities, to some extent, is personal freedom of choice.
The celebrities should have the responsibilities for their countries, and make effect for them.
In my view,character is one of the most essential things in our life.We are students,studies are extremely important,but the character education is as important as what we study at the school.It means that schools should attach great importance to character education when they practice students' study abilities.Such as the character cultivation of honesty,kind,the attitude to the poor person we meet and so on.
As is known to all,the importance of character education is obvious.To be a great person,we should do as a role model to others.Character is the basic of being a person,then we can grow in a right way.Or we may make a lot of mistakes in our life.If you are good at studying,you should have great character at the same time and to be a perfect person.
To learn about the one of greatest Germany's hottest choreographer and ballet director's life,I feel more.
As Uwe Scholz is a gifted man,also he had got a lot of achievement,but he live hard,final he died in poverty.
With the merger of east and west,Uwe Scholz return to the west from the Soviet Union.This should be a good news for Dutchman,however ,this news for Uwe Scholz was a very bad news about the opera house that he operate.
which policy that German government promulgated to cutting spending theatre.
So,Uwe Scholz needs used to maintain the operation of the theatre.Because of his stubbornness,this was supposrd to show around the world praise and a better life and enjoy the ballet genius is tasted the bitterness.
In conclusion,I think Uwe Scholz is a tragic man,and the pursuit of the ideal preson.
Miss Hobson work for me for two years as a secretary.
She is an honest woman and work hard during the working time.So I think she is a competent secretary.
In addition to,her English and German is very good and her spoken language is fluent.
She could competent for the general translate work.
Sports are good for everybody's health.
I enjoy sports a lot, and one of my favorite sports is table tennis.
I saw a table tennis match by accident on TV when I was young, I was attracted by the player's fast movements.
I started to play table tennis after I was interested in it.
Day by day, I realize that I like table tennis because it brings me a lot of fun, and a healthy body as well.
As we all know,though the future is variable,setting up the concept of planning is beneficial to living and becoming what kind of person is the major factor to influence your economic income.As for me,after long deliberation,I intend to be a designer who is serious,humorous and responsible.Now,I will analyze about it.
First of all,being a person who can do the things you like is available for that we live happier,and the designer is what I love most,it is not nothing but interesting,so there is no doubt that I want to become a designer.Secondly,I want to be a person who has the ability to do the things you like,interest and ability are equally,indispensable.Anybody which is blind to this may pay a heavy price.In addition,design is a serious thing constitutionally.Finally,I think in the good designer is also an attractive.Having the sense of responsibility,sense of humour.In general,I want to be a person who loves their work,have the ability to do their own work,serious and responsible work and attractive,some good cases in the point are the sense of responsibility,sense of humour.
Of course,the dream turn into a reality is difficult.Working hard consistently,so that you could become the person you want to be in the future.By this criterion,I will strain every nerve to do such a person.Last but not least,don't give up because it is difficult.
At the beginning of this term, my teachers and parents feel board in school will be convenient for me ask questions and make full of use of my night time.
Besides,they think it can educate one mine own.
However, I think staying at home I can have more time to work at my lessons in the evening.
Learning content can be free.
I consider board no good and I want talk they over.
On the development of the electric network ,an increasing number of people are involved on the internet .The development of the electric network provide the new wags of love and make friends, so cyber love become more and more generally .Everything has two sides,cyber love also has advantages and disadvantages.
Love is a product of communication ,everyone has an authority of love.love feeds on mystery about each other .On cyber love two ones has a mysterious,love is born of beauty in the distance.Cyber love also has the disadvantages ,true love does not grow without contact between two minds and true love depends on acceptance of each other's merits.On cyber love we should more and more carefully .I believe the true love in that It is the human nature to love everything beautiful .
Love in one's heart is like a hidden fire.Only have the true love everything will became beautiful.
Charles dickens's life was full of legend.When he was 11 years old,his family get in trouble.But Charles was lucky.He worked labelling in factory;the job was very hard for the young boy.He never told the work experience to anyone except for his wife.But he learned something useful from the job.When he was 15 years old,he worked in a lawyer's office and worked out his first publication.When he was 21 years old,began to appear in magazines.He wrote some famous works bofore he was 24 years old and he wrote another ten novels over the following 24 years old.When he was not writing he was either traveling.He became the father of ten children.One of his pastimes was taking a long walk at high speed.He died when he traveled to Italy because of his healthy.
He was popular in Italy and his death made front page headlines.He was a successful novelist.
As we know that there are much violence exists in cities.Many people couldn't change the situation except build a new town life Milton keynes.The reason of violence is that the planners lack of control.The only way we can solve this problem is that we can create circumstances where people feel more control.There is another way to change the situation.The government should be nudge people in the right direction by taking every opportunity to foster a sense of community.The most important is that they were set up by voluntary action.Everyone should be responsible for community.In a word,if we can change the situation,the violence would be disappear gradually.
Recently, a survey about how college students spend their summer vocation was down among collage students.
The survey shows us that the collage stufents' lives has changed a lot.
Less students want to stay at home to waste their long vocation, more and more students chose doing social investigation.
What's more, more students prefer traveling.
I have three different ideas to illustrate my opion.
First of all, nowadays, what determine your value isn't all depend on your certificate but your ability, which aquire you to integrate into the community erlier to gain experience.
So more and more students regard their summer holiday as their chance to go into the real society.
Secondly, China's tuorism industry has developed rapidly these years.
There are many places worthing a visite.
Therefor, the percentage of collage students who chose traveling to spend their holiday also has increased.
Thirdly, with the rapidly development of China's economy, there has been a growing number of ways of entertaments, which results in that people's lives become more diverse.
No wonder the percentage of other ways has incresed.
As far as I am concered, the percentage of staying at home will decrease sharply in a few years, meantime, doing social investgation will be more students' choice.
Nowadays the majority of people prefer living in a city.
In other words,it is generally known that there are more people in the city than in the country.
However, both city living and country living have their benefits.
Those who like living in the city believe that it has a large number of advantages.
First of all, the biggest advantage is the options for spending their free time.
For city living people, they can visit various museums, cinemas, and libraries to enjoy their life.
Secondly, there are a lot of job opportunities in the city because most of big companies are located in the city.
Therefore, it is easier for people to find a suitable job in the city.
Besides people have more chance to challenge themselves.
Thirdly, you can buy whatever you need if you live in the city.
Because many supermarkets are in the city.Not only can you buy tasted food,cool drunk,pretty clothes which just you want in the supermarkets, but also it is convenient for us to go shopping, and you can shop online.However, many girls still would like to have a window shopping,the reason is that they enjoy the window-shopping time.
Finally, the city living people have wide choice of shop,and they need different kinds of services.Such as laundry, car washing, beauty salon.
In the contrast, there is not so many services in a village.
There are some arguments that living in cities is better than in countries.
In the first place, it is easy to reach from one place to another place.
Because the transportation of the city is more convenient than that in the village.
As a result, the commuting to work is not a problem.
In the second place, people who live in a village feel themselves safety.
The crime rate in a village is lower than that in a city.
In the third place, people who live in a village are more friendly.
For example, villagers always smile to each other,there people would like to help others when people in trouble, but the city people always like to make poker faces, whatever you do,seems have no relation to them.
In conclusion, personally, I experienced both living in the small country, where I was born, and living in the big city, where I live now.
Life in a country is quite and slowly.
Therefore, it is more suitable for children and old people.
I prefer living in a big city, where I can have a large number of opportunities.
Life is the greatest teacher, since life teaches us a lot.
Life teaches us to be mature.
Mature can't be learned from books.
Only we experienced many things in our lives, can we be mature gradually.
For example, we read a story in a book.
This story said that a boy fight with his classmate just because his classmate backbit him.
We know that this is very childish behavior and it is not good to do it.
Assume that if we were that boy, we may very angry so that we would do the same thing as the boy does.
As a result of it, we may be punished by our teachers.
But if we have experienced such things before, we would calm down and deal with this thing properly.
That means we are become mature.
Life teaches us to give and receive.
It is impossible that we are always staying at home and only get alone with our parents.
Our parents are willing to do anything for us and demand nothing.
But others will not do something for us without any requirements.
We live in this society, so we must learn to get alone with other people.
Life makes us to know the principle that if we want to receive, we should to give first.
Life teaches us to be independent; life teaches us to be lenient in treating a person; life lets us realize the important of health; and the most important is life teaches us to behave ourselves.
So, I think, life is the greatest teacher.
Recently we did a survey in our class in order to learn about students' ideal jobs.
Here's a report about my group members' ideas.
Mary wants to be a fashion designer in the future.
She likes beautiful clothes very much when she is in the life.
She does well in drawing.
She is hard to draw when she is in the school.
No better student than her painting.
She believes her dreams will come true.
Kate is very confident that he can be a gardener, because he likes plants when he is in the life.
Plant fresh air can be in our daily life, so he wants to make our city very beautiful.
Make 's dream is becoming a write when he was a child.
He would like to share stories.
He is an out-going boy.
He believes his dreams will come true.
Tom would like to be a cook.
He makes lost of delicious food.
He wants to cook healthy and delicious food for others.
He is good and lawful.
I have a mighty dream am becoming Scientist.
I like science very much.
My Idol is Steven Hawking.
I want to become dedication to the science of man.
No matter what, I have to follow.
Although this dream is very far away, I'll try to make it a reality.
I will work hard for the realization of this dream.
Hopefully everyone can realize their dreams in the future.
Kim-Chi Trinh's father used his savings to buy a passage for her to the United States, in hopes that she can receive a better education, enjoy a better life.
And on this tough trip, she eventually graduated from high school with straight A and scholarship.
Through research, Asian parents in children's study motivation to do better, and Confucianism also provides another ingredient in the Asians' success as well.
There is yet another major factor in this bond between Asian parents and their children.
Stevenson, puts forward three recommendations: First of all should set higher standards for their children.
Secondly, the parents need to be more committed to their children's education.
Finally, American schools could be reorganized in simple but effective ways.
L should prepare some materials.such as,chocolates jam , white sugar, milk, Cream, before l make a chocolate.
cook.
First, chocolate jam, white sugar, milk and cream are mixed by me.
Then, they need to stir about 20 minutes.
Second, l add yolk that into flour, at the same time, egg white is added lemon juice.
It will become foam state.
Third, l put cream of mixed into toaster, the temperature of toastor should keep between 120*c to 170*c.After about 35 minutes,there is solid.
Next step, l put the cook on the table,l waiting the cook that become cooling.
then, l use some fruits that decorate my cook.and l can use chocolate draw a cat.
Give people the pleasure of reading, give the glory, give a person with talent.
This is culture root said words, actually regardless of life also is work, reading for we really of is help is big of, because reading can let you pioneering horizons growth knowledge while let you more wisdom, so in here himself also feel is guilty, because recently are didn't see had what book, but in I read had of book in let I impression most deep of is < steel how refining > into of this this book, book in the of hero Paul I very admired he defying disease intrusion and fear fate setbacks of indomitable of revolution spirit.
He always fought for the revolutionary cause.
He once was unfortunately infected with typhoid fever, he with his strong willpower, miraculously from death to go back, back to hot jobs without hesitation.
His story also gives me a lot of inspiration, in the face of difficulties or setbacks, don't give up, must grasp the nettle and, believe there's Sunshine behind that rain, not to hard you will not have success, even if the result is not what we want, but try to live life the process we've got more wealth.
In most colleges and universities,there is a common phenomenon,occupying a seat.
You can discover such a practise phat,a book,even cloth as a mark which suggest the seat is taken.A mount of students can put up with it,no one claim to attain their own rights as well.
That student who occupy a seat definitely want to improve their study,the actions contribute to opposite forces,however they can have a comfortable seat to get the knowledge at any times.On the other hands,it is so unfair to other students even they go to classroom or library in early morning.Pitifu boys and girls just look the vacant seats but nowhere to seat.
As far as I am concerned,I opposite the behavior totally.Reserving a seat is not fit the moral of university students.We should usher in good manners not this.We had better advocate no reserving seats,giving all the students a chance to study.
My life in the future will be colorful and meaningful.
I'm going to be a good doctor after I graduate from the university.
Because I hope that I 'll bring health and happiness to my family and my friends, and I'll be happy.
In my spare time, I'll stay with my family and travel around everywhere in the world, and do lots of sports.
I'll also read many books that can improve myself, and never give up studying.
I'm sure my dream will come true because of my hard work and the life in the future will get better and better.
Although there is so much water on earth,there is a little water we can drink.With the development of industry,the pollution of water is heavier and heavier.Meanwhile, a lot of waste is made by people in daily life.Some of them pollute the clean water.During the increase of the number of people in the world,the requirement of clean water is heavier and heavier.
And the farmers also use clean water to irrigate plants and fruits.So,water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.
What's more,there are some people don't have a sense of protecting the clean water.There is so much water being wasted by people everyday and they just don't save clean water.
They pour the waste into the river.People don't have a good habit of using water,and they also don't know how to reuse water or reduce the use of water resources.
On my opinion.
Local government could make some advertisements that tell people how to reuse water so that to save water.We should take measures immediately to protect the clean water.We should develop a good habit of using water.When we see someone is wasting clean water.We should prevent it.The local government should make some law to punish the actions of wasting or polluting clean water.I think.If we all spend time to doing something to protect the clean water.We could have a beautiful feature!
Different cities have different tradition, If you intend to go for a pleasant trip, you'd better follow the following steps basically.
The first thing to do is to make sure when and where will you go with your companion.Next,you must decide how can you get there, By bus or train or driving a car.
If you need to go there by train or plane, you should go to ticket office to by the ticket or pay for it on the internet.Then you should come up with a plan for what you are doing there specifically.
A plan or a schedule is extremely necessary for a trip in that it will help you to manage your time better and you will not waste your time.
And if you are going in a travel agency, you should save the telephone number of your guide so that you can connect him when you are facing a problem.
Last but not least, you should check your luggage if there is anything you forget.
Recently there is a debate in a newspaper article on whether it is wisdom for the Chinese parents sending their kids to foreign country for the secondary school education.
In their views, the parents think overseas education can give their children a better opportunity for future success.
As far as I am concerned, I quite disagree with it.
Without the parents accompany, those youngsters are really not old enough to cope with the life in an unfamiliar culture.
They have to meet some dangerous which they can not deal with.
That statement is horrible.
To support my opinion, I shall mention two points about it .
First, they are too young to deal with difficulties in life and resist some kinds of bad tempts.
A secondary school is a school for students between the ages of 11 to 18, so the children who are been sent aboard are juveniles.
They are too young to live alone in a different culture without their parents standby.
Some minor crimes have been heard from mass media and newspaper .
Many youngers who broke the law come from the single parent family or the families which the parents are too busy to look after their children.
It means that family education is very important to the youngsters.
Secondly, People may think, let the younsters live alone in foreign countries can train their characters of indepence.
But in my opinion , the view of let them go is too cruel and brutality.
Even the children have strong willpower to handle themselves, sending them to abroad is bad to their psychological health.
For being so young, they need the parents' love.
There is no better education than the parents love education.
Above all, I disagree with the view sending young people outside for education without their parents' accompany .To people's development, receiving education is very important, but love and life is more important to the young kids.
Dear Mik The Spring Festival,also known as the Chinese New Year,is the most important holiday in China.
It begins on the first day of the lunar month and lasts for 15 days.
During the holiday,people usually do a spring-clean and go shopping.
Besides,visiting friends and relatives is also an important custom.
On the last day of one year,all people are drowned by happiness.
All family members get together and have a special dinner.
The Spring Festival can date many years ago.
According to the legend,there was a monster named Nian,which always appeared and attacked people.
With the lead by a wise man,people started to set off firecrackers to scare away it.
Then,the custom spread down and becomed today's Spring Festival.
I'm looking forward to receiving your letter sooner.
The value of music in people's everyday lives is dependent on the uses they make of it and the degree to which they engage with it, which are in turn dependent on the contexts in which they hear it.
Very few studies have investigated people's experiences of music in naturalistic, everyday circumstances, and this exploratory study provides some initial normative data on who people listen with, what they listen to (and what their emotional responses to this music are), when they listen, where they listen, and why they listen.
 people who owned a mobile phone were sent one text message per day over 14 days.
On receiving this message, participants were required to complete a questionnaire about any music they could hear, or had heard since their previous message.
Responses indicated a high compliance rate; a high incidence of exposure to music; that the greatest number of musical episodes occurred while participants were on their own; that pop music was heard most frequently; that liking for the music varied depending on who the participant was with, where they were, and whether they had chosen to be able to hear music; that music was usually experienced during the course of some activity other than deliberate music listening; that exposure to music occurred most frequently in the evening, particularly between 10pm and 11pm, and at weekend; that music was heard most frequently at home, with only a small number of incidences occurring in public places; that the importance of several functions of music varied according to temporal factors, the place where the music was heard, and the person / people the participant was with.
Further research should investigate participants from a greater range of sociodemographic backgrounds, and develop context-specific theoretical explanations of the different ways in which people use music as a resource.
This article mainly tells that the U.S. economy is badly hurt by the NAFTA and WTO, as the existing trade agreements did not work well.
The America suffers astounding job losses and persistent increasing trade deficit, especially in manufactory sector.
Despite the increase in exports brings the U.S. people a lot of jobs, the added jobs was overshadowed by the eliminating jobs caused by the growth in imports.
Besides, the job losses had spread to 50 states in America.
Today, pollution becomes one of the biggest problem on Earth.
People burn things to make energy, and it pollutes the air.
And people catch animals every day.
Sometimes people put rubbish into the sea and burn rubbish to clean our city, but it pollutes the ground, the water and kills animals.
We must stop doing these things to protect the Earth.
Because the Earth is a beautiful place and it is our home.
There many animals, plants and people like you and me live on Earth, it provides us with air,water and food, we should say "thank you", but not to hurt it.
If we want to protect the environment on Earth, we should clean it, do not throw away the rubbish everywhere, kill animals and do not to waste the water and food.
I believe if we do that, the Earth will be better.
I can still remember that day,the experience is very impressive.
The lesson was all a film,a story about love,about miracle:August Rush.It was the third or the fourth time near the end of the term that Maria had given the Video,Audio and Oral English.She played the DVD to start with as usual without any words,every time the movie changed us a lot but this time was more than ever.
A girl met a boy and they fell in love at the first time,they had a child but lost.Then the girl became a woman,the boy became a man.12 years later all of the three went on their way to find the others: the mother,the father,the child,the lover.Therefore the only connection is music,the three thought the more sound made the closer they got to each other.The music that can stand for themselves,express their feelings which only the families can understand.
There would be a day together they believe.Of course finally they made it with love ,hope and miracle.
When the film over,Maria let us talk freely,anything can get proper responses from her.Not a long time I lost in my world:Listen, can you hear.The music.I can hear it everywhere in the wind,in the air,in the light,it's all around us.All you have to do is to open yourself up,all you have to do is listen.Love is beautiful but you have to suffer then find it,hope is everlasting after human death and miracle is all about love,hope.
Even now I still keep the day in my mind.That day in the summer,a story August Rush, the old Maria's passion,my meditation.The hours that I never forget.
When I was young,my dream is to be an policewomen or a soldier.
be a teacher.
of your,you students make progress in all aspects,and it may bring you a sense of content.
content.
Thanks very much for your letter and the enclosed literature which we received on Thursday 7July.
No.44/77 Is this available in white?
No.78/612 what is the discount price of this for orders of over 500 pieces?
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
I got two tickets to a concert awarded by Westlife,an extremely popular singer group nowadays,this Saturday evening at Guangzhou International sports arena.I cognize you are their fan so I'd glad to invite you to come with me, both of us will have a wonderful time there.Please let me know whether you can come or not.
An old woman sitting in front of a mirror saying his son to go to work,grandson to school,a person rather lonely at home.This picture fully reflects the lonely elderly people only look at himself in the mirror.Contemporary China gradually entered the aging society,the elderly are also more and more.Many lives as lonely as the figure for the elderly.What caused it?
First of all,the idea of the elderly can not keep pace with the times,they are unable to adapt to the Internet era,such as my grandfather would not use mobile phones,computers and so on.Received by the rural elderly urban life completely rely on their children.Secondly,people have to go to work do not have time to accompany their parents.
lone.
Now,more and more people start learning another language,so they will meet some trouble.Here are some tips about learning language.
Some people may think learning language is difficult,but in fact they can acknowledge it easily.First,reading it loudly is crucial,it can help you remember the vocabularies quickly.Second,you can try to see the English films or listening to the English songs,it also can improve your learning skill.Third,I think you can try your best to communicate with foreigners,because they are native speakers,their flow is original.As far as I'm concerned,the most important thing is that you should learn it by your heart,once you use your heart,you will success one day.
I hope everyone will learning language successfully.
Firstly, Churchill starts his speech from his receiving the news.
It is the Sunday morning that he just waked.
Then he uses" I had not the slightest doubt where our duty and our police lay".
It is oblivious that Churchill is firmly opposed to Hitler.
"I asked that notice should immediately be given---", the word "ask" shows his authority and the word "immediately" reveals that he is too impatient to wait.
"I spent the day composing my statement", this sentence tells us that he is responsible, careful and serious.
"There was not time to consult the war cabinet, nor was it necessary", which means fighting Nazi has no time to delay and his decision must be supported by others.
Churchill says "we should go all out to help Russia".
It is clear that he is friendly, helpful and just.
England and Russia share a bitter hatred of the enemy.
"If Hitler invaded hell I would make at least a favorable reference to the Devil in the House of Commons".
We can see from his words that it is very important for him to combat Hitler.
In the broadcast, his words are adequate and simple.
He criticizes Nazi regime directly.
"Russia soldiers standing on the threshold of----", here "threshold" is used metaphorically.
It means the frontier.
"Hun soldiery plodding on like a swarm of crawling locusts", "Hun" and "locust" is not commendatory.
Locust likes eating crops.
Just like Nazi is easy to cow and tie down countries and people.
"Behind all this glare, behind all this storm", this parallel structure presents Nazi's monstrous crimes.
"We are resolved to destroy Hitler---", Churchill chooses direct expression.
"From this nothing will turn us-nothing", here he uses repetition of words to stress his determination.
"We will never parley, we will never negotiate---", this repetition of meaning also shows that he holds on to his own views.
At the end of the broadcast, Churchill calls on other countries to fight shoulder by shoulder to confront Nazi and keep our world peaceful.
Hi!my partner .I'll tall you my day like.
I get up at 6:00.
I have my breakfast at about 6:30.Then I clean my room, wash my face and brush my teeth.After then I have noodles for breakfast.
I go to school at 7:00.
I do morning exercises at 7:50.Then We have four classes in morning.
At 11:30, I'm very hungry.
I have lunch at school.
I go to bed at 12:00 in the noon.
We have three classes in the afternoon.
I have computer class and art classes.
I like them very much.
I go home at 5:30.
I do homework after school.
My sister.brother and I watch TV at 8:00 in the evening.
Then I wash my face and brush my teeth.
I go to bed at 10:00.What's your day like?
With the evolution and development of society, there are more and more roles that young married women played.
Some of them still struggled in the office with busy works and the others may select to stay at home to take care of her family.
To be more precise, we can divide them into three kinds: office lady, house wife and freelancer.
As office ladies, marriages don't lead to any differences to them.
To the contrast, they have one more person who will company with them all the time.
Being house wives, they pay all their attention to their family such as children's education, housework, and the way to support her husband's work.
It is very cozy and comfortable for them that don't have to worry about money.
Last but not least, some of them may still have desire to continue their work, but they can only choose part-time job because of lots of housework.
Being free lancers can deal with this problem perfectly.
Above all, married women also have abilities to chase their personal life with many ways.
Economic boom should bring people a more comfortable and convenient life.
Ironically, the more commodities available in a society, the less and less security the average consumers can have.
In fact, even today the public is still jeopardized by fake commodities that flood almost each developing country.
Fake commodities directly harm the average individual consumers in a series of ways.
First they are usually inferior in quality and thus cannot meet consumers' ends.
Take a fake watch as an example, it is sold at the same price as is the genuine one but seldom can it give time precisely.
Secondly, they might threaten consumers' health and life in case of fake foods, medicine, and beverages.
Some patients are seriously endangered by taking fake medicines.
Some even lose their life immediately after eating fake soybean sauces and vinegar.
The society as a whole is also detrimentally infected by fake commodities as far as the moral and ethic is concerned.
Most vital is to legally penalize those who manufacture and trade fake products.
Second is to educate people how to tell the facts and fiction.
In the current society, the civil service continued to heat up extremely,and the number of college graduates increased year after year to apply for the civil service.And even the emergence of more than 3000 individuals compete for a position.This phenomenon is worrying.
The reason, I believe it is the change of times.With the prosperity of economy and the progress of society, the employment situation is extremely serious.The economic efficiency of enterprise is not stable, and employees are not guaranteed.College students own business risk is heavy.By comparison, in recent years, the civil servants' pay rise continuously, position is stable, and the civil service also enjoy numerous benefits.
In terms of tackle this kind of phenomenon, personally speaking, I approve of speed up the reform of the civil service system.Specific performance in the following aspects: First of all, the government agency should abolish the system of lifelong tenure civil service posts.Secondly, government should break the wages of a secure job.Last but not least, all professions and trades should obtain a balanced development.
It is true that these measures are beneficial.Not only the initiative of the civil servants will be enhanced, but also it can inspire more college students who have the ability turn around other industries, thus can promote society have more harmony, stability development.
Nowadays people have spent lots of money on shopping,and some of the person have not control shopping.So that they buy many useless things.some person like buy use coupons or when it on sale.how to be a smart consumer that all depend on you self .
i think we can learn some from this .
Firstly,when we need buy and have coupons we can use it to buy.but do not buy too much ,through it is cheaoer than before ,as well we should mind it quality.Secondly some shops have coupons or sales ,we should buy useful things, do not buy useless for you life ,and too much papers pack is also not mentions well goods.and it is waste money.Last but not least ,everytime when we shopping what is you need and what is you like ,not buy just because of like it , it is also waste money ,because you buy it but do not use it .so you should think over when you buy some you not use it .
In my opinion ,some of the consumption ways will help us save money ,but we dose not buy some we need not it.
and we should have well plan on spend money that will be a smart consumer.
It is often said that love is crazy and blind.
People in love are too romantic to see the truth of life.
They feel their beloved is the best person to be with, and dream of an everlasting sweet life of two.
In people's mind, love makes us have good feelings.
When it comes to love, people may have different views on it.
Some people may say that love is romantic, others may hold the view that love is sweet.
No matter what we define what love is, we need love.
Besides, love needs nurturing.
I think that it has the following reasons.
Firstly, once they get married, they are faced with the realistic routine such as cooking, washing, cleaning.
When they are with their other half a day and night, they find their perfect beloved ordinary, and even, sometimes annoying.
Romance and sweet dreams are gone and conflict begins to prevail.
Love leads us to marriage, and marriage is where love continues to grow.
It is necessary to keep love alive.
We need to do something for love.
Secondly, after several years, the feelings may change.
Men may feel disillusioned with his work and look forward to retirement.
As a result, his marriage has become the most important thing in his life, while for women, they become more interested in power and less interested in love, less interested in personal relationships and more intrigued by professional achievements.
Love needs nurturing.
Firstly, emphasize the positive.
