In China,Spring Festival is the most important festival.It's to celebrate the lunar calendar 's new year.In the evening before the Spring Festival ,families get together and have a big meal .
In many places people like to set off firecrackers .
Dumplings are the most traditional food .
Children like the festival very much ,because they can have delicious food and wear new clothes .
They can also get some money from their parents.
This money is given to children for good luck .
People put New Year scrolls on the wall for good fortune .
The Spring Festival lasts about 15 days long .
People visit relatives and friends with the words "Have all your wishes ".
People enjoy the Spring Festival ,during this time they can have a good rest .
Every year,I spend Spring Festival with my family.Once I thought it would always be same.But I can get different pleasure in fact.Before the Chinese New Year,I helped my mum do housework.We put up paper cuts on windows.This year the government banned setting off firecrackers.As a result,I didn't the sound of firecrackers before Chinese New Year's Eve.On the next day,I breathed fresh air out of doors.My mum told me,that we must set off firecrackers on the fifth of the first lunar month to throw out poverty.And in my opinion,I always think that the dumplings made in Spring Festival tastes the most delicious.
The spring festival is almost over.Let's working hard this year!I hope every one can have a happy and prosperous year.
On a cold snowing day, you can't just sit indoors beside the window to watch the snowflakes dancing in the sky.
Before set off, you need to prepare a carrot, a pail, two brooms, and two garlic.
Firstly, pile up a small snow hill and roll a snowball which can be the head.
Put the ball on that snow hill to make the whole body.
Secondly, stick the carrot in the snowball to be a nose, and the two brooms to be as the arms.
At last, put two garlic to be the eyes and pail to be as the hat.
This is my dream.
In recent years,the problem of the food safety is becoming more and more attention by people.We don't know the food we eat is harmless .
Nowadays our attention was focused on the food safety.Illegal cooking oil,tainted milk,chemical additives and pesticide pollution are full of our life.We can't put food for the children to eat in that they low resistance.
If the problem of the food safety was not be solved,Chinese people would more and more weak.
Food safety of the events to the life of people did a lot of influence, food regulators have been extremely aware of the problem.
Believe that the relevant departments to deal with serious, strict management, give everybody a trust of food environment.
And we as a student, as a member of a society, we also should improve the self-protection ability and ego to protect consciousness, and do our bit work with regulators.
My dear.
Just finished the college exam.
I miss you so much.
You make me happy and enjoyable.
Look back on my childhood.
There have our dream and our heaven.
I still remember one day.
It was winter.
We are playing and laughing.
we make a snow man and a snow woman.
We called them are"A happy snow family'' .
At the same time.
We plan to play snow man .
We should make snow man again.
My dear.
I miss you.
if you also miss me.
please writing to me and calling with me.
I just missing you so much.
when my teacher asked me to writing.
I usually remind you.
I am willing to write about you.
Today is May 1st, sunny and a little bit hot.
I haven't any plan to go out but stay at home.
I ate deep-fried dough sticks and milk for breakfast which haven't in our school.
Then I made a cup of coffee and opened my laptop in the dining room which full of sunshine and started to write my novels.
Besides, I am an internet writer.
Recently, one of my novels has entered a writing contest, so I have to spend more time in finishing it.
The style of my novel is classical with a little romantic, so I tried to read some literary works and found some inspiration.
So I reread < Zen is a flower > and < Shan days >written by HuLancheng.
Zen is just like the most gorgeous multicolored in the book, he wrote it by his heart and it just like he could change every flower into chapter and regarded stream lets as poems and songs.
Then many pieces of the novel appeared in my mind, I permutation and combination them until it can move myself.
I was immersed in writing so when I finished, it has already come to the evening.
But I am happy today because I have eaten the most abundant spiritual feast.
When talks about Audrey Hepburn, people always say she is an angle in the world.
Not only for her achievements of acting movies, but also for her donations to African children in hunger and poverty.
I love her for the first sight I saw her on the masterpiece.
As a synonymous with elegance, a woman with an exquisite combination of the angles, nearly all the people would be attracted if they saw her charming appearance.
Born on May 4th 1929 in Brussels, she was truly blue-blood from the beginning with her father, a wealthy English banker, and her mother, a Dutch baroness.
Audrey went to a ballet school in London on a scholarship and began her career as a mode after the liberation.
Then being spotted by a producer, she was signed to a movie, from where she started her acting career.
Audrey gained immediate prominence in the US with her role in" Roman Holiday "in 1953.
This film turned out to be a smashing success as she won an Oscar as Best Actress.
This gained her enormous popularity and more plum roles.
In 1988, Audrey became a special ambassador to the United Nations UNICEF fund helping children in Latin America and Africa, a position she retained until 1993.
However, she died on January 20, 1993 from colon cancer.
She had made a total of 31 high quality movies.
Her elegance and style will always be remembered in film history as "The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time",which is evidenced by Empire Magazine.
"The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode, but the true beauty in a woman is reflected soul.
Audrey Hepburn is a beauty both in facial mode and reflected soul.
Girls chase for beautiful appearance often.
However, the most important thing is a kind heart, which I know from her.
Hope all the girls will be a soulful beauties.
Since we live in an era of globalization, various cultures gather around us and we are affected more or less.
At present, western cultures may play a more essential part in china, so our cultures are in great danger.
It is vital and urgent for us to solve the problem that how to protect our own cultures.
One of the challenges is the festivals.
Many Chinese, especially teenagers, celebrate western festivals energetically and pay little attention to traditional festivals; taking the Christmas for example, many youth celebrate it just like our spring festival, on the contrary, we seldom celebrate the Tomb-sweeping Day, which has a long history in China.
Maybe they think western festivals are novel and fashionable.
In term of this, I think we should propagandize the real merits and connotations of traditions which we should absorb and carry forward.
Meanwhile we can be convened to celebrate them on a large scale.
In this way, we can play our part in the celebrations and pass down the traditions.
As far as I am concerned, it is unreasonable to compare western cultures with Chinese cultures because both of them have it own merits and demerits.
When facing the challenges, we should be confident of our long-existing cultures and not follow or admire others blindly.
Obviously, we should judge things correctly and inherit the advantageous part of the traditions.
On this Monday.
I went to the Penlai.
It's a fantastic city on the coast of the PacificOcean.
It's next to Yantai.
On the morning,we took the coach to the Penlai.We saw a lot of apple trees in hills.
First,we visited to the Penlai polar ocean world.
There are a lot of fishes,shellfishes and coelenterate.
We watched the Dolphin show in here.
The dolphins are very clever.
Then we went to the beach.
We ate lunch here.
When dusk fell, we returned to Weifang.
People should be in a heated discussion whether to make comments or even criticism on teaches in class.
Some say it helps to improve educational quality continuously.
Others think that respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
I agree with the first point.
First,in the classroom,teacher always talk and students always listen.Students nearly don't argue questions on teachers.It is not good for both teachers's and student's thinking.
Second, encourage students to speak or even criticized the teacher is beneficial to students' courage and think.
Moreover, this also is helpful for teachers in the teaching process found problems and improved as soon as possible.
This is a win-win.
Third,it does not mean that the loss of respect and discipline in the classroom.
Instead of during the debate, the students learned more and admire teachers.
The class atmosphere is more active,and more harmonious relationship between teachers and students.
In a word,in order to improve educational quality continuously, students should are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.
As is known to us , Grade Twelve is very important to every student .
So there are two issues about whether parents should accompany us studying .
Things are divided in two views .
Less than 10% of students don't think parents should accompany us for reasons that we might not be independent .
what's more , it is possible that they may do something which annoy us in some ways .
But on the contrary , most of us like parents to be aside .
First of all , they can help us when we are studying at home .
Then , if parents live with us , we can have more time to study .
At last , which is the most important , they can encourage us when we are in troubles , which is good for us to walk farther and be more confident .
In my opinion , the discussion whether we need parents to accompany or not is depend on whether we are independent and adaptable enough .
Stress, as the definition of the Oxford Dictionary, is pressure or worry caused by the problems in somebody's life.
As long as we are alive, we would feel the stress, no one can be "immune" to it.
No matter you like it or not, it will accompany you every day and become part of your life.
What is known to us all is that there are various kinds of factors that can lead to stress.
Then let me analyze the causes of stress of some certain people.
To a student, the academic expectation and heavy studying burden can account for his stress.
We Chinese have a tradition of valuing education, there is a common saying: Noting can compare to studying.
So parents would have high expectations on their children, sometimes the expectations could be beyond their abilities.
Besides, it's not easy to be a student.
A student needs to study round the clock, take numerous examinations and face lots of assignments.
These heavy burdens can be the causes of feeling stressful.
To a doctor, the physician-patient relationship and psychological pressure are the main factors.
From the newspapers and television, we can find that there are lots of conflicts between the doctors and patients, so many people (doctors and patients) are hurt even been killed.
There are some immoral doctors who can do everything in order to get money, but they are the minority.
And these are the doctors who make the physician-patient relationship become worse and worse.
Another factor is the psychological pressure.
It's the duty of a doctor to heal the wounded and rescue the dying.
But, not every time the doctor can save the patient.
Then they have to face the sadness and pain of the patient's family members and the compunction that he didn't save the patient.
It's the most stressful thing of a doctor.
To a white collar, his stress is mainly caused by the fierce competitions among colleagues and the heavy economic burden.
Everybody wants to be promoted, so that he or she can get the higher salary and higher status.
But the higher positions are limited, only part of the workers can get the positions.
So they have to compete with their colleagues, to show their abilities and advantages and to get the preference of their boss.
These competitions can be very ruthless and fierce.
There is a saying that the increase of salary is always less than the increase of goods.
This saying reflects the reality in some degree: Most of workers are struggling for the food, houses and cars, but it's hard to accomplish the latter two goals.
All in all, no matter you are prosperous or impoverished, celebrity or ordinary people, young or old, everybody would face stress.
Only after figuring out the causes of stress, can we know what stress would lead to and how to deal with it.
Through this way, we can change the stress into the ladder to improve ourselves.
These days, whether it should become compulsory for people to conduct good deeds on roads, which refers to help elder people up when they tumbled, has become a topic of debate.
This kind of questions are bothering people more and more often as the "help people up" issue become an unprecedented problem which would make people drop into a dilemma between morality and the risk of being defamed.
So some people determined that carrying an indifferent attitude towards it in case get trouble upon themselves.
But in my opinion, I believe that we still should help elder people up only in a different way which we could do it together with another kind person as a witness for each other or take a photograph before we reach our hands out so that not only we could assist other people but also assure that we won't be defamed.
Nice to meet you Wang Li.Learning English is a good way to improve your culture level.Let me give you some advice.
Remembering new words isn't a easy thing.It's a good idea to write down new words in your notebooks or other place you may see it everyday.
I suggest you read them aloud and use them as much as possible.
I believe,if you remember them by heart and do it just like i tell you.You will be success.
pandas,elephants and camels.They come from different countries and they eat different food.
The tiger lives in Asia.It usually lives alone.It is strong and catches many kings of animals for food.The kangaroo is an Australian animal.
and eats grass.
last month,a survey about"Who do you turn to when in trouble"was conducted in our school.
As can be seen from the table, about 68% students will turn to their classmates and friends when in trouble.They think they are at the same,so they can easily understand and communicate with each other.About 20% students will turn to their teachers and parents.
They consider that they are kind and experienced.They can be belief.However,12% students have no body to turn to.They do not like to talk to others.They are hard to communicate with others.
Personally,we can turn to our teachers and parents if they can understand and help us.
Everyone wants to make a good impression when he or she makes friends with somebody or attends a banquet or does something else.But we do not do it well.Here,i know three tips on how to make a good impression.First,when you meet someone,you must be kind and nice.Surely,you should be polite when you talk with him.Second,if you made an appointment with someone,you should be punctual.You ought to explain for it honestly once you are late.Third,when you go out together with others,you can be enthusiasm and positive.Offering your help before asked for.If you can follow these three tips above,you will make it simple to make a good impression.
Recently,the Internet is our convenient faciliies.
It give us many ways to slove our life problem.For example,our Interpersonal commuication.
Firstly,People can though the Internet commuicate with eachother.Though this way can close our relationship and promote our emation.
What's more,though Internet commuication can make our contacts cirole becom wide,we can seed many kinds of people and though this way can relax our mind.
Besides,Though Internet commuication we can study.Some social experience and learn about many people's character.Every thing has two sides.This way can make us seed many bad person and bad effect.
As far as I'm concerned,though Internet commmuicate can improve our communication ability,and seed many people ,but we must point clear what is right and what is wrong.Only in this way,the Internet commuication can bring better impact for us.
to be a pilot .I think this job is interesting and fun,but it isn't easy.It's a few difficult ,but it doesn't metter,because I love this job very much.If I want to be a pilot.I will have a healthy body and a healthy diet .If we want to have a healthy body.We must do exercise .If we want to have a healthy diet.We must eat an apple every day.
"An apple a day keep the doctor away.
"So if I do it.I will be a pilot when I grow up.
Our society is changing every day because new technicals are used to our lives constantly.We all know e-book which is popular nowadays.
On the one hand,there are some advantages as we know.E-book help people save time when people want to search for their books quickly,they can use E-book.Besides,no matter where to go people can take e-book with them.Due to the e-book is portable .At the same time ,people can see e-book no matter when they want .Apart from this,a great deal of messages can be stored in the e-book.However ,the information in the book is limit.Last but not the least,e-book is good for environmental protection .It doesn't make from trees.So this help reduce the tree cutting down.On the other hand,e-book does harm on eyes.People can't see e-book for the long time.What's more,the information in the e-book get lost easily.
In my opinion,it will be necessary for people to own e-book in the future.Even though some disadvantages we can't bear,e-book may be improved and updated well in the future.It will change our lifestyle and make our lives more convenient and colourful.We can't always get information from books,so e-book is necessity.
f habit ,for example I like listen English music ,and watch some film .I think it can help me lean English .
And I am very like to help others ,I think it can bring ohers happy.At this time I am happy also .If I becom a volunteer I think I can do it ,at the same time I can lean a lot .I want you can give me a chance to show myself .I hope your repaly .My telephone namber is 1581....
I hope you call me.
This is my good friend.
His name is Liu Qinglei.
He is from China.
He is twelve years old.
He is in Class 5 Grade 1.
Betty is his friend.
She is from England.
She is thirteen years old.
She is in Class 2.
His teacher is Mrs Green.
She is a good teacher.
She is from American.
We are not a country.
But we enjoyed ourselves very much.
Some people say that books are the ocean of knowledge,reading can make people progress.Some people think that life is a need to practice,however,only through constant practice and summarizes the human progress.I'm is agree with practice the idea.
In my side there are many such people,they study very hard every day in reading and studying,as if fell into the world few and far between.In my side there are some people they are very happy every day to play,they regard life as a class,practice in the play,they get a lot of study result is very good also.
I think studies can't read the book,want to combine the social practice,and summaries,this will benefit a lot.
Today, I quarrel with my parents.
that it is not useful for me.
I am realy not understand them, so we have a quarrel.
is often a lack of understanding between partents and children.
parents are out of date.
While parents can"t apprrove of what their childern say and do.
daily activities.
So generation gap is very common at present.
The greatest challenge facing mankind is to distinguish reality from fantasy, truth from propaganda.
Perceiving the truth always has been a dilemma, but in the Information Age--or, as I think of it, the Disinformation Age--it takes on a special urgency and importance.
In short, our straggle to determine what is valid is the need to decide which of our perceptions are genuine and which are false.
As an example of this challenge to mankind, I want to talk about environmentalism.
In order not to be misunderstood, I need to be perfectly clear that I believe it is incumbent on us to live our lives in a way that takes into account all the consequences of our actions, including those to other people and the environment.
While studying anthropology in college, one of the things we learned was that certain human social structures always resurface.
They cannot be eliminated.
One of those is religion.
Today, one of the most powerful religions in the Western World is environmentalism.
Eden, the fall of man, the loss of grace, the coming doomsday--these are deeply held mythic structures.
They are profoundly traditional concepts.
They even may be hardwired in the brain.
These are not facts that can be argued; these are issues of faith.
So it is, sadly, with environmentalism.
Increasingly, it seems that facts are not necessary because the tenets of environmentalism are all about belief.
Let us examine some of those notions.
There is no Eden.
No one knows.
And the noble savage is a fantasy.
In short, the romantic view of the natural world as a blissful Eden is only held by people who have no actual experience of nature.
Now, let us return to religion.
Something has been left off the doomsday list lately.
Although the preachers of conservatism have been yelling about population for 50 years, over the last decade the world population seems to have taken an unexpected turn.
Without a pause, we hear about the crisis of the world economy from a shrinking population, or the predicament of an aging population.
As we have moved to the future, these doomsday visions vanished.
So the preachers make a mistake.
With so many failures, one might think that environmental predictions would become more cautious.
No,they would not.
One of the defining features of religion is that beliefs are not threatened by facts, because they have nothing to do with them.
Most of us have the experience of interacting with religious fundamentalists, and we understand that one of the problems is that they have no perspective on themselves.
I want to argue that now is the time for us to make a major shift in our opinions.There are two reasons we must get rid of the religion of environmentalism.
The first is we need a movement.
And the second reason to abandon environment religion is more pressing.
So we have to institute a far more stringent set of requirements for what constitutes knowledge in the environmental field.
In the end, science offers us the only way out of politics.
If we allow science to be destroyed, we are lost.
That is our past.
So it is time to abandon the religion of environmentalism and return to the science of environmentalism, and base our public policy decisions firmly on that.
Oil that spewed from an offshore drilling rig in northeastern China for two weeks last month has spread over 320 square miles, government officials acknowledged Tuesday, amid public uproar over why it took so long for fishermen, local residents and environmental groups to be informed of the spill.
News of the accident emerged in late June on the microblogging site Sina Weibo and was not confirmed by the state-owned operator until last Friday.
The government sought to play down the significance of the leak, saying the environmental repercussions were most likely insignificant and blaming the rig's Western operator.
"There is no visible floating oil on the sea and the leak is now under control," said a spokesman for the State Oceanic Administration, according to a transcript of a news conference posted on its Web site, although another official acknowledged that a small slick could be seen from the two platforms involved in the accident.
Officials at the agency said ConocoPhillips China, a subsidiary of the Houston-based energy giant that operates the rigs with a Chinese state-owned company, "should take the blame" for the accident, which occurred in the mouth of the Bohai Sea, a largely enclosed body of water that touches on three provinces and the city of Tianjin.
Speaking at a news conference on Tuesday, an official at the oceanic agency's Beihai branch, said the minimum fine would be about $30,000, a figure that could rise depending on the extent of the economic and ecological damage.
Upon observing the sheen, ConocoPhillips took prompt action, promptly reporting the incident to Chinese authorities and activating response procedures," the statement said.
The company owns a 49 percent stake in the venture, Penglai 19-3, which is the country's largest offshore oil discovery, reportedly producing 150,000 barrels a day.
It operates the rig with China's National Offshore Oil Corporation.
In recent days, several Chinese media outlets have reported die-offs among fish farmed in ocean enclosures, but such accounts could not be verified Tuesday.
According to the oceanic agency's Web site, a leak was first detected June 4 and then again on June 17.
It said the spills occurred during the drilling process, when water is forced into the earth's crust.
By June 19, the problem was under control, the agency said, and by Monday, 40 cubic meters of oily water had been removed from the sea.
What impressed me most is homeless father linger in subway station on the bench care.
Play a fun game, imagine the environment around dangerous and terrible beast, find a cave, the two mutually depend on a warm bed.
Of course, the underground may not have cave; Chris took his son in the shop in the bathroom toilet crouched on the floor.A man's tears; even though the man has Liangbinbanbai, this scenario is still moving.
It is a middle-aged man for his five year old son guilty, aged, middle-aged still without a single success frustration and most eager to happiness.
Clutching the ear not let his son to hear the noise outside the door flapping sound, that is the only thing he has the ability to protect the son.About Chris's success, I summed up the views.
This is expected to achieve real determination.Chris's original dream is to achieve their goals through the promotion, is a step by step to put themselves into the abyss of failure, but in another way, it may be his only change the only way to present life this fall on evil days.
Expect the opportunity is not equal to create opportunities.
A person's success is half opportunity, once lost opportunities, it will be lifelong regret, to seize every opportunity to prove their ability, is the starting point to achieve your goals, Chris is to seize such a point, Mr. Torsten M met on the road, with the Rubik's cube showed him his ability.
And eventually got thost recognition, he entered into a strong promoter intern.
In my opinion, on the road of life through their own efforts will wait for opportunity, but the most wonderful opportunity also have shortcut, writer Liang Xiaosheng once said some of the lucky secret, he said: "some people take the opportunity the express train, go with the wind; some missed it, lifelong regret; some have failed to achieve life, quietly buried your talent.
So when the opportunity knocks, don't hesitate to open up, otherwise it is a knock on people's doors.
Conception of life decisions, choose decides success or failure.
In the long road of life, how to choose, it may make people indecisive, but not limited to us too much time thinking space, sometimes, we must resolutely make a decision, if Chris in the interview because in the recruitment of personnel is unable to obtain the identity and what to do, he will not get the chance to practice; if Chris does not have a salary that during the internship period, and the acceptance rate is only 1/20, do not decide whether to participate in the training, he will never become a stock broker.
Because the opportunity is always in our hesitant away.
As a broker, the interpersonal relationship is very important, want to become a good broker, it should deal well with his boss, the interpersonal relationship among colleagues, the most important is to have a good relationship with the customers, because it is the broker rather than the students in the workplace, in interpersonal relationship, and sales performance are equally important no good interpersonal relationship, we would not be able to make a good performance, also has good performance, and leading the relationship well, is still unable to succeed.
Everyone has the right to dream, but very few people really hard to put it into reality, the success of those few people, is the envy of the strong, wise, our practitioners, when we for their great achievements greatly, have not thought about, in fact we like them, are like that dream, but we easily give up, we see the brilliant achievements they have achieved, while ignoring the process of success, walking in the way of pursuing the dream is full of setbacks, happiness and future can also hide them.Just like the film Will Smith kept the children and the wife said, we will be better, we will be able to better.
When playing basketball, he said, child, you must protect their dreams.
At that moment, I see, a happy family and the child is his true beliefs -- literary cavity not only a father unnecessary formalities, the warm winter sun .
Sometimes, we are burdened with some practical significance of salvation.
When everything in life began to abandon you, when you start, because that GOD always such things escape and shirk responsibility for the gospel and sin fortunately, strong in the US, always find a God, heaven sitting.
The road of life is to walk forward bravely, rely on your own dreams, faith, diligence and perseverance, only in this way, you have a chance to walk in the process, to prove yourself, you want to find dignity.
Don't ever let somebody tell you can do something, if you get a dream,you gotta protect it.People can't do something themselves,they want to tell you you can't do it.
if you want something,go get it.
First of all,I would like to say love is not an ordinary thing.It's not optional,but when it begins, you will realize.Love is probably the most trivial question,and it is a hard question to answer.Most important of all,love means to care,to protect,to look after,to pray for,and to make sure the people you love are happy.However,in my opinion,those are just constituent parts of love,but not love itself.Besides,I don't believe that love is a relation,but more of a heart-to-heart conversation.Love has a meaning which we will never recognize.Many philosophers have tried,but all have failed.
In a word,love is a heart-to-heart conversation.We should value the love in our lives.
that China's young people, especially the adolescents, are getting increasingly more self-centered.
was I.
But the campus life has transformed me into an individual conscious of the advantages and necessity of team work.
every year.
As sophomores, we were supposed to assume the main working.
the general director of the party, you also needed others' help and cooperation to do the job.
One of my best friends offered to prepare a piece of dancing including 14 girls and 6 boys.
Because, unlike in high schools, everyone's curriculum schedule varies from each other, we could not find out one or two rehearsal hours suitable for everyone at first.
Problems must be solved somehow.
The idea was unanimously agreed that we started to rehearse at 9 pm.
every day, and if someone had classes until 9:30, he or she came after class and was required to practice the dancing more to keep up with others.
Another problem succeeded.
We needed uniform costumes to achieve a better stage effect.
Some girls insisted skirts were better for stage effect while some contended skirts might be unsafe to dance for girls but shorts didn't.
Again, the proponents argued skirts were more vigorous and went with the style of our dancing.
At last, my friend suggested that we had better choose shorts in terms of outlay since they were cheaper.
Taking this into account, nobody disagreed.
After elaborate preparation, the dancing outstood at the party and attracted every viewer's eyes.
And with many classmates' cooperation, some in charge of lighting, some music, some microphones, some props and so on, the whole party ended with success and cheering.
Almost all the campus activities demand team work and it is a good way to help us to develop the awareness of team work and make us more suitable for future jobs.
Team work is my most influential lesson at college and I will comprehend the idea and put it into practice properly.
As is known to all,cheating is quite common on campus,what is worse, it is increasing.But how to deal with it?
Here are some suggestions.
Above all,we students should learn to develop good habits.The exam is just a way to check what we have learned and find where we are weak,from which we can benefit a lot.Then,teachers can try different methods to stimulate their interest.Sudents can learn more efficiently.If so, students can be confident of themselves,thus cheating will be decreasing step by step.
It requires a lot to Eliminate Cheating on Campus.If the students who behave well in the exam are rewarded,maybe there will be fewer and fewer students who are cheating.
The Spring Festival is a traditional the Chinese holiday the holiday became popular all the world.
People will be in that day the family reunion dinner together, also bring some gifts to you loved ones and wish them a happy New Year, the children will also get lucky money in the evening.
I remember the Uk also has a very popular holiday all the world.
Christmas or Christmas Day is a winter holiday most in commonly celebrated in December 25.
People will exchange gifts in that day.
Has a mythology about Santa Claus in the local.
The Chinese New Year and British Christmas the common characteristics is they will send some gifts to each other.
And this is a happy day.
A lot of people seem to think that preparing everything well for their children is the best way in their growing up.
However, children who grow up in their parents spoiling just as the flowers that live in the greenhouse, and they cannot stand any trials and hardships.So parents should learn to help children be independent.
First, let the children do their washing, cleaning and so on, which can help them set up the viewpoint that one should do things when they can.
Second, when the children encounter some problems, parents may teach them how to solve rather than work them out.Third, parents can also tell some story about the person who is always independent and makes good success, which may give the children's confidence when they have problems.
In my opinion, parents should not arrange for their children's life.
Let them decide the way they will experience, which can make them be most independent.
With the development of the economy,it is important to protect the environment.If we do not protect it,the environment will be more and more worse,even our Earth will be destroyed.
Now more and more people buy cars,because it is convenient.However,cars lead to air pollution.I see many people dump garbage into river,it leads to water pollution.I also see some people throw the garbage in the ground from time to time,it also makes the environment polluted,the quality of the environment will be declining.
As far as I am concerned,protection of the environment has become a major concern of society.We should take actions to protect our Earth that we live.If we protect the environment,I believe that we will live better.
A lot of friends.
And I do a lot of things with them in my spare time.
We often play basketball after school.
Playing basketball helps me to know how to work with others.
It makes me feel relaxed after the whole day study.
When one of us is in trouble , the others always encourage he or she to face difficulties and give good advice.
Of course, we study together.
We are good at different subjects, so we can help each other to solve different problems.
I'm very thankful for all that they have done for me.
I always feel happy because we can learn from each other and my friends make me realize having friends is really a happy thing.
Every person has his or her father's image buried deeply in the bottom of their heart.
So every father's image is different.
Now, I would like to give you a simple description about my father who has been playing a great role in my life.
My father is of medium height.
He is strong and always with severe looking.
However, he is not good at expressing his feelings or ideas.
In other words, he is as dumb as an oyster.
You may feel he is hard to approach at first glance.
But you will find he is extremely kind and considerate when you become familiar with him.
The image about him in my heart is great.
Not only because he did something good for people, but also he always gave some useful suggestions about my life.
What's more, I usually was inspired by listening to some of his words accidentally.
I still remember something happened in my primary school.
At that time, we are very poor and even have not enough money to go to a better school.
So, I stayed in an impoverished and shabby primary school until there was an opportunity when I was in six grade.
As you know, if you study in a better primary school, you have more opportunity to go in to a better junior high school so take it for granted to go into a better senior high school.
At that time, my father tried his best to find someone who had enough power to help me go into another good junior high school.
Certainly, he made it.
I heard from my mother that he had visited our neighbor who worked in government.
All of our family members held positive attitude towards my future.
Nevertheless when everything was ready in time, he told my father that he had no confidence to help me.
Everyone knew his really meaning.
I could feel a distinct disappointment on his face but just stayed in a very few minute.
I still remembered that he calmly said to me.
However, I didn't reply to him.
I thought something in my mind.
I supposed that I had to prove what he said was right.
Because he believed in me and I had no reason to let him down.
After that I made up my determination to study hard.
In result, my grades always ranked first in our school.
Moreover, I was firmly convinced that it was his words made me are full of hope towards my life.
He thought I was gold and I strongly agreed with him.
If he said nothing at that time, maybe I would feel pity for that I didn't go to a better school or I would feel upset for a long time.
As far as I am concerned, his words changed my life and he always instructed me as a father.
This article discussed about the necessity, essentiality and potential influences of a proposal called fast track authority, promoted by Bush administrative.
Fast track authority offered US government the right of submitting a trade agreement to Congress without amendment.
This authority would simplify the approval procedure which, government believed, would serve as a stimulus to the wilted economy.
However, by citing a series of international trade and employment market statistics, the author argued that fast track authority was useless for boosting the economy.
In contrary, situation in job market would further worsen due to this new policy as NAFTA and WTO had done to US in the past ten years.
There are lots of interesting courtries in the world,but my dream destination is Switzerland.
Switzerland is situated in central Europe,where is bordred by Germany to the north,France to the west, Italy to the south, and Austria to the east.What's more,Switzerland spanning an area of 4.1 spuare kilometers .The population of approximately 7.5 million people is in the Switzerland.
Althought Berne is the captain of Swit,Geneva is the city where is the most famous city to be found in the word.The Swit has a beautiful scenery which attract tourists from all over the world,so it known as the world garden.
Of course,as a developed country,Switzerland watches,chemical and food industry developed.As the same time,it also was relish for great systerm.
In a word,Swit is the courtry which affert me most,because the beautiful scenery and exotic culture.
Nowadays, it has become fashionable for college students to take a part-time job in their spare time.
Of course we know that it is a double-edged sword to take a part-time job.
Take benefits into consideration, firstly, students can bring in income through it.
Because of the high tuition and continual current cost which is needed for everyone, many families find it harder and harder to support.
Therefore, it is feasible for students themselves to contribute to their families.
What's more, the employment situation is dangerous, college students are supposed to expose to society that is complex earlier, so that they can make themselves become stronger than ever before.
In addition, working is learning, they can learn much more experience that can't be learned in the text books.
However, every coin has two sides.
There are disadvantages as well.
Being students, their vocation is studying.
If they put much time into part-time job, it will definitely have a bad effect on their study.
What's worse, what most students usually take is manual work, such as waiters and waitresses that will take a lot of energy, which will result in a worn condition, making students concentrate less on the study.
Moreover, many college students are jackeroo who are easy to be taken in.
Perhaps, they may suffer heavy losses.
On this harmonious, joyous and exciting occasion, I would like to extend, on behalf of the student council, our heartfelt thanks to all the guests who have joined us here for the opening ceremony, as well as our highest regard to all friends who have supported and worked so hard for the annual English speech competition, with the theme 'The English Novel I Like Best' this year.
Having been hold for several years, the competition has done good to not only the delegation's but also our audiences' ability to listen and speak English, which also help an increasing number of students develop habits of reading, which is the reason why the theme is chosen.
To maintain the order of the competition, I think it a must to state the rules again that, the speech must be fluent, with accurate pronunciation, and limited to five minutes.
I wish the English speech competition complete success.
Maybe most persons take it for granted that the most interesting place of our campus for our friends is the dorm.
Of course, I am one of the most persons.
The reason is obvious.
He is my friend, so he must want to know whether I live well.
So I would like him to see if I am OK and how my roommates are.
Besides, I also want to introduce my roommates to my best friend.
As far as I'm concerned, there is no more interesting place than my dorm in my campus.
Because we could play cards with my roommates and I believe we could get on well with others.
In my eyes, the fact that many persons is more interesting than that just I and him.
My dorm is like another family, so I believe the moment he comes in, he will feel at home.
As far as I am concerned, I think the most important thing for a man who is visiting another place is just making him feel at home.
Today,I was review my lessons.My roomate Jason was watching a football match online.He was cheering for his favourite team.But his voice was too big,so I couldn't concentrate.I said to him:"Hei,Jason!you're too noisy.Keep your vioce down,please.
A few minutes later,his sound was big again.So I was angry.I shout to him:"Jason!Your vioce was too big!Keep your vioce down,right now!
"Then his vioce was never big again.
Since I was young, I want to be a doctor.
And with great effort ,I finally fulfilled my dream and became a internist.However, as the time goes, a problem bothers me on my way.
On March 23, 2012, a man rushed into the doctor's office of the First Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University, stabbed to death a person on the spot and wound three because he is not satisfied with the treatment effect.
In the recent years, as people's living standards improve, the demand for medical and health is growing, but China's lack of medical resources, and the allocation is grossly unfair.
Therefore, hospitals and doctors has become the target of public criticism.
So, we have heard too many medical disputes.
Slapstick, slaughtered doctors, and other bloody crimes are emerging.
The relationship between doctors and patients becomes more and more nervous.
As a matter of fact, many things can be done.
For instance, we should have medical ethics and humanities.
Doctors and patients should communicate with each.
Patients should know more knowledge of medicine.
And countries ought to offer legal protection.
Although we have a long way to go, we have reasons to believe that the doctor-patient relationship in China is gradually improving.
I think the skill of learning is necessary for life of college.Because learning is the ladder of human's improvement.If we lost the ability of learning,we will lose our life.
Life is a process to overstep.I believe that the people all like to make progress.In addition that the college is an important chance to advanced study.So we must seize the moment to get the life we desire.
My best friend Cheney is more hard-working than me,she is very outgoing.
She is teller than me but she than I fet.She is very shy,but her achievement is very good.She like reading books and she likes painting, even if the painting is very bad.
Nowadays,with the development of the economic , so everyone has enough chance to take part in the commercial activities .
At the moment , many shop owners take in consumers that sell the fake commodities to consumers.
And following are some harms about the fake commodities.First,the fake commodities can influence many people's sense of trust for the society,gradually,more and more people can double everything what they buy from supermarkets or other places.In brief ,it can bring an illness of the mind.Secondly,the fake commodities can influence people's health .
For example , many fake commodities seriously threaten our health ; besides , many fake materials have made many floors topple down and made many innocent lifers disappear, so I also hate the people who sell fake commodities.Thirdly,the fake commodities waste a lot of materials, because if it is known by consumers that what they buy are fake commodities, consumers can not buy it again ,so many productions can not sell.It is known to us that earth's resource is limited,so in order to our next generation's happiness,we should fight with someone who product fake commodities.
Finally, I hope everyone can be a honest.
Let's create a nice word.I believe,if we do our best , we can achieve it.
Nowadays, reading is become more and more popular as well as more and more important.What's more, reading, like other activities, brings unique pleasures to the readers.
First, people can achieve the new knowledge by reading and it is also easy access to the wisdom of the ages and delighting stories.Second, it can enhance the understanding of the world, the people and oneself.
Third, it can teach us how to deal with difficulties and pleasure of the mind.
The last but not least, reading can bring us another kind of world so we can enjoy it with freedom.
I don't agree with author's opinion.In my opinion, my personal view is that we should study in the class.
First,teachers are very important for our study English.Because they can teach us to learn all we need.
And they are really excellent.
Then,I think we should study with our classmates together.In the class,we can do some interesting things.For example,we can chat with each other or discuss the problem.We really have fun studying together.
If we study with the computer a long time.It won't be good for our eyes and health.And some students will do some other things,such as playing computer games and listening to music.So I don't think study with computer is a good way.
So, study in school is more important.
My name is S. And English name is Michell.
After then, my hometown is D,Q Province.
There are six people in my family.
And I love my families very much.
Beside, I have short hair and big eyes.
I love Chinese and English so much.
At the same time my hobbies are reading and writing.
In my spare time,I will playing sports such as: swimming, running, playing badminton and so on.
So I think I am an active and friendly girl.
At last, I wish I can become a wonderful girl whom everyone loves.
And I will study well in English.
Hello, my name is H. I am a student of class2 grade 8.
I want to be a volunteer during the summer holiday in the Children's Hospital when I know you in the recruitment of members of voluntary work.
The sick children are poor so I want help children in need.
I can sing the song and dance with children.
And I can tell story too.
I think the voluntary work is useful.
And I think help other can make me happy.
I will do my best to make them happy.
Nowadays,it is such an ordinary phenomenon that advertising has already penetrate into every aspect of our lives.Opinions differ from person to person on this issue,though,what we must admit is that advertising plays an indispensable part in economy and commerce.
Over the past decades,advertising proves to be the most promising industry.Products manufactured by companies sale well owing to an attractive and impressive advertising.Celebrity effect is also of great significance in advertising,bringing profits to both celebrities and companies.Apparently,it via advertising that manufacturing companies try to convince the consumers that their products are attractive in price and quality,along with it,the long term consideration that advertising severs the purpose of accumulating prospective clients.On the other hand,advertising provides consumers an approach to get the first-handed information about new products,enabling them to choose the one they prefer.
Whereas many advantages lies in advertising,the opposite influence also exists.Above all,enormous advertising lead to the outcome that many people are fed up with advertising to some degree.Moreover,a few false advertising deteriorate the advertising industry,which should be regulated by our government.Only in that way,can we take use of the advantages of advertising.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming popular among young people.
There are many reasons that can contribute to this phenomenon.The first one may be that access to the Internet enables people to work at home.They can finish work and communite with others through the Internet.It's very convenient for them.They can save much time and avoid traffic jam at the rush hour.At home,they enjoy the relaxed and quiet environment that can enable them make full use of their talent and concentrate on what they are doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisors.What's more,people have more time with their families and can have a well balance life by taking good care of both of their jobs and their families.
As a result of all these causes,SOHO lifestyle is accepted by more and moe people.
With a boom of the "smokeless" industry, tourism, China is obtaining more and more foreign currencies.
It seems doubtless that this industry has brought huge financial benefit to us.
It has attracted not only the diverse investment, but also the attention of the public towards the breathtaking scenery as well as the fascinating historical sites.
However, every coin has two sides.
We cannot ignore that tourism has also raised some trouble.
Take the following case as an example: the glorious wall-paintings of Mogao Caves are in great danger of colour fading, due to the growing number of visitors.
Being frequently visited, some historical sites and natural beauties have already been terribly damaged.
Besides that, huge crowds of travellers usually leave a huge amount of waste behind them.
Accordingly, some people argue that we should limit the development of tourism in order to protect the environment.
But in my opinion, we needn't do that.
All those problems will be solved by the increasing economic.
And all we need to do is to find out a way to balance the development and the protection.
So long as we work out an environmental-friendly way for tourism industry, a much brighter future shall wait for us.
Recent years have witnessed the overwhelming majority of people tending to be exceedingly cautious of helping strangers.
Nevertheless, opinions about this controversial issue vary from individual to individual.
Nonetheless, from my perspective, I am firmly convinced that offering help, a traditional virtue , is far from discouraging in modern society.
I have two reasons accounting for my view.
On the one hand, happiness lies in offering help to others.
As a matter of fact, by doing this, our confidence will be enhanced to a large extent attributed to achieving a sense of personal value, which contributes to tackling some thorny problems encountered in our life.
On the other hand, the helpless are in need of our help.
Your giving a hand to them casually is just like a lighted torch in the dark, in particular, for those in dire need .
Since they are in hopes of being given help when they are in hazard as if we need sunshine in the bitterly cold day.
All in all, it pays to help strangers in that it is conducive to others as well as to ourselves.
Therefore, it is high time that we should bring home to people the vital significance of helping strangers in order to create a more harmonious society.
College students enjoy life in college.
We search for knowledge and make friends.
It's obviously that we got a lot every day, however, we also paid a lot, for example, money.
College students' everyday expenses are high.On the whole,we can classify all of our expenses into three parts:daily necessities, communication and interests.
Every term we pay tuition.
Besides, we spend much money in our daily life.
Communication expenses can be divided into 2 kinds:mobile phone and social contact.
Mobile phone is used to communicate with others and we should pay about 50RMB per month for it.
On the other hand, having meals or snacks with others and going outside to eat some delicious foods which is more expensive than ordinary ones.
Moreover, we like to celebrate festivals, holiday and some meaningful day with our friends.
We may have a party or go to the singing hall.
All of these will cost a portion of money.
In addition, every student has his or her specific expenses to satisfy their needs of interests.
For example, most of the girls who love beauty like to go shopping or shopping on the internet.
We often buy many clothes and makeups, some of them have famous brand and high-quality so that we even need to pay a higher price.
Boys also need to spend abundant of money in buying their roller skates, balls and so on, or, having a cool haircut.
College students become independent to finance money.We don't willing to spend a lot, but actually our everyday expenses are really high.
Britain, the full name of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Britain is made up of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Welsh.
The United Kingdom merged with Ireland in 1801 and the United Kingdom's official became The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Britain in the early 19th century reached its peak, at the time, accounting for a quarter of the world's population; territorial accounted for a quarter of the total land area in the world.
Britain is the first industrialized country in the world.
It was known as the Empire on which the suns never sat.
As time goes by, Britain is still a big country in the world.
The value of water for mankind is self-evident, but in our life without moderation of waste water resources but this phenomenon is negligible, and the shortage of water resources has become a serious social problem, water resources The cause of the waste is quite a lot, a lot of people are used to wash clothes let the water on, this is obvious caused a waste and a lot of times, water are all can recycle, but certainly a lot of people ignored.
To solve the problem of water shortages, my view is that if we really get to problems of water the attention of people we're going to have to the relevant departments on water problems caused by the promotion of serious consequences, and increase people the sense of crisis, like this from everyone to start, we can better Make good use of our water resources.
I think a good teacher explain should have many answers.First,When the student make a mistakes the teacher must be strict and kind because as a teacher must be teach her student how to do it.Second,In spare time the good teacher can be amusing and interesting with her students.
Third,the good teacher should favourite students mustn't have difference between the good students and the quite poor students .Next,When the student ill a good teacher should care about the student.Finally,I think a good teacher should be rich in knowledge and must explain things clearly.
That's all.
In order to improve education continually, students are encouraged to make comment or even criticism on their teachers these days.
Some people consider it as one of the most effective methods to enhance the level of education while others worry about the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
People who support students to comment on their teachers think it's reasonable to use this method.
For one thing, it is a great opportunity for teachers to realize know what their students think about them.
They could adjust their way to teach to what students really need, so that teachers and students could make progress together.
For another thing, some teachers need to be supervene to keep their enthusiasm of teaching, comments and criticisms from students are important for teachers to evaluate themselves.
On the contrary, some people disagree about improving education in this way.
On the one hand, students, especially those younger ones, are not mature enough to give a correct judgment for their teachers, they are not objective because they always doing something base on their feelings.
On the other hand, the respect and discipline in the classroom might disappear if student continue to make comments on their teachers.
In my opinion, students should be encouraged to make comments on their teachers for it is an efficient way to make progress with the education.
However, we should control it in an appropriate range at the same time.
it is people,then,who are the villains.It is people who are burning the coal,oil,and gas.It is people who are cutting down the forests.
That is why the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere steadily rising and make the matters worse.
As a big country,our government should take effective measures.Our government can lay down the law,at the same time,our government should save our forests and even replant them .The most important is that the government should seek of new sources of fuel that do not involve the production of carbon dioxide.
As a individuals of china,what can we do to help the effort to stop global warming?We can do from small things.For a instant,we can save paper ,save water......When we are shopping,we can use a sack instead of a plastic bag.
I am believed that if everybody sets up environmental awareness,our homeland and the whole earth will become more beautiful.
After a few seconds of initial confusion, people began to try to find their way out.
Such attempts are perfectly exemplified by the effort of the employees in May Davis.
There are a few pieces of evidence: Mayblum shares his ripped T-shirt with his colleagues, Mayblum went back to look for his partner, and Ramos helped panicked workers into a stairwell.
With the rapid development of technology, computers are available to common students living and studying in modern cities which can help them acquire various knowledge and widen their sights; however, unexpectedly, computers contribute to mistakes of spelling in following two main ways.
First, students are inclined to communicate with classmates, friends and relatives on the Internet, such as QQ, MSN or Renren.
At this moment, there is a software which can assist them type quickly and exactly.
As a result of this process, students have less chance to focus on the spelling.
Therefore, their spellings are always in a mess.
Second, students neglect the importance of spelling.
They think the intelligent computers will finally handle the problem of wrong spelling.
Personally speaking, as regard to the solution, knowing the importance of spelling which stands for a meaningful culture is necessary and vital.
Only in this way can we better help students reduce the mistakes of spelling in essence.
In addition, doing more exercise is also effective.
All in all, pay attention to your spelling and apply correct spelling to writing.
I'm a senior high school student named Li Hua.
With the development of science and technology, iPad has become students new favorite.Through it we can listen to music, read the text book, play all kinds of computer game and so on.
But as a senior high school student, we should work hard instead of playing games, so we should use iPad properly.For example, we can search information on the internet to solve some problems in our subjects.In addition, it can open our eyes and increase our knowledge.As a result, if we take good advantage of iPad, we can make great progress in our grades.
On the contrary, if we are absorbed in it, we will have less attention in class and break the class discipline.What's worst, our score also gradually declined.
So I think we should use iPad properly, when we have some troubles, we can get some solutions from it, at the same times, we can improve ourselves by it, but when we are tired, we can play some games and listen to some music to relax ourselves.It really a good produce if we use it properly.
Nowadays, almost everyone can use the Internet.
People surf the Internet for shopping, entertaining, and most of the time, for learning.
The change of learning methods aroused a heated debate.
Some people says that since children can study at home through the Internet, schools seems not to be necessary any more.
Yet it is difficult to agree.
Even though some knowledge can be gained via the Internet, schools are still irreplaceable in some respects, such as systematization, interactivity, and humanity.
First of all, the school provides a systematic teaching.
Students usually get systemic teaching in school but most people can only acquire fragmentary knowledge on the Internet.
Although the computer network contains comprehensive knowledge, people won't form their knowledge system without the school education.
It is well known that if a person wants to become capable in whether academia or industry, fragmented knowledge is far from being enough.
Secondly, students can acquire knowledge in school interactively.
With the development of artificial intelligence and Network technology, it seems like the interactive feature of the Internet is strong enough to offer students the same or even more quality education as the school.
But the interaction of computer network is more reflected in online communication than online teaching.
Those websites which aims to take the place of schools still have a long way to go even they've made much efforts already.
Last but not least, the humanity contained in school teaching is one and only.
The purpose of students going to school is not only capturing knowledge but also improving interpersonal skills.
In schoolyard, children often participate in great many activities and make friends with other peers, yet this experience just can't be replaced by the Internet now and ever.
To sum up, taking these irreplaceable traits into consideration, schools are necessary to children as before.
We can't deny that online education will keep making progress through the brilliant work of scientists.
But the school will never be unnecessary as long as people need to be educated.
what particularly appealing is that he was surrounded by many cards written what he should do today.
This is also accurate to me.
In the end of my weekend,I was sorry and depressed to have many things not to do.But now, I can do important and urgent things firstly, not important and not urgent things are my last work!
So learning how to arrange your time is very important.Not only do we finish what we should do,but also we can have a good time!
On Monday,it is another busy morning.Hurrily,I was going to school.
On the way to school,in the HuangHe street,surprisingly,I witnessed a traffic accident.It was about ten to eight.A woman,nearly 30,run across the road while the traffic light was red.At that time,a taxi appeared.Unluckily,the woman was knocked down by the car of the abrupt turning,lying on the road.The taxi,fortunately,stopped at once.What was severe that the following cars cannot stop without anytime to think.As a matter of fact,there were 3 cars crashing together.
Undoubtedly,the traffic accident brought hurts to families as well as economic damage to society.Although no one was injured in the accident,it can also give us a warning.It occured to me that it was essential that we should obey the traffic rules.In addition,drivers should focus their attention on driving,instead of doing other things which distributed their attention.what's more,the government could adjust the time to work appropriately .
My name is N, is a cheerful boy, I usually like to see the film, because in the film can learn a lot of knowledge and truth.
I am a boy who does not like to learn English, but came to the University, I feel you are very humorous lectures, although not understand but not so tired of english.
I hope to come to the university to better improve their ability, in this new environment can create their own a piece of heaven and earth, I am a lack of confidence, but I am not an inferiority of the boy, I hope I can become confident, so I can do more things.
Are you free this Sunday?Our Students' Union will hold an outdoor activity for students,and we hope you will come.
The aims of this activity is to get close to nature,we can enjoy the fresh air and get relaxed as well.Besides,we can also take exercise.
The activity starts at 8:00 on the Guang Ming Farm which is 2 kilometres away from our school.We will first meet and get together at the school gate before 7:30.It is estimated that it will last for 3 hours and ends at about 11:00.During the 3 hours,we will plant vegetables,water flowers on the farm.I'm sure that all of us will receive a lot from the activity.
We are looking forward to seeing you this Sunday.Could you come and support us?
Life without friend is like life without sun.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.Two days ago,I found my textbook was lost.I tried to find it anywhere.I just hope I can pass the exam and get the computer certificate.But I didn't.You can imagine how worried I was at that time.I hate the person who borrowed my book silently and always complained about my own carelessness.So,during a long time I continued thinking back the things happened before and I hope it'll be helpful to me.Luckily,my best friend found it and asked what happened to me.To my surprise,after she knew the things she smiled and helped me with my study.
The best kind of the friend is the kind you can sit on a porch and swing with,never say a word and then walk away like it was the best conversation you've ever had.
Because she knows what you think.She understands you.She loving me when I'm mad,picking me when I'm dow,encouraging me when I need a motive power.
To be a friend,it needs our honest,trust, and the same values.
In short,having a good friend is happiness and can make our life colorful.Do you think so?
Nowadays, with the development of national comprehensive quality, an increasing number of people swarm into college or university for further education.
And there are plenty of courses that they have to take.
In the whole, they can divide into three parts: major courses, public courses and elective courses.
Firstly, as a college student, we all have major courses of our own.
Major courses are those which are closely related to our majors.
For instance, I 'm an English major, I have to take some course such as intensive reading, English writing course, English Listening comprehension course, oral English and so on.
We learn those courses to soar our Professional knowledge, and as a result our professional quality is intensified so that we have a chance to go in for the job involved in our majors.
Then it is the public courses we have to take.
Public courses also mean much to us.
As college students, we should develop all-round instead of only being devoted to our major.
Public courses.example,thought morals tutelage and legal foundation, Marxist philosophy ,make us clear about our nation and its development, and make our head more reasonable, thus us offering a more widely chance to develop ourselves.
Last but not least, elective courses open our eyes to the outside.
Everyone has his own hobby in addition to their majors, but they have no much time to spend on that.
Fortunately, universities have set some elective courses for us to develop our interest and in the meanwhile widen our horizon.
Besides, in elective courses, we can make friends with those who happen to share some common with us.
In a word, college courses abound in both richness and usage.
We should make full use of them to improve our comprehensive quality.
In business, integrity is very important.
Nowadays, always have some phenomenon of bad faith in business.
Some businessmen use false advertising to deceive consumers.
Many consumers have faith in their advertisement.
There are some merchants to sell goods to deceive consumers.
The phenomenon of shoddy has become common.
Leading the consumers to waste money.
And lose confidence to some businessmen.
So less credit hurt yourself.
In business, honesty is very important.
Eath of us to do a man of integrity.
We want to build a good faith community.
Between the person and the person can be the good faith to get along with.
Businessman can become honest, and consumer can better consumption.
Everybody integrity of others, society wil becomes a better place.
Every year hundreds of thousands of people in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
In my opinion!The phenomenon is no good for the development of the society!First,the exam according the every people mark search employees!But mark was high not stand for he is excellent.Second,many people are devoted to come and becoming government employees for more money,cause the phenomenon of corruption more and more!Third,more people take the exam but only fewer people can pass,that waste money,time and a series of social resources!Last,I think we find work must accord our knowledge and interests,that can achievement our dream!
Internet is a new thing some years ago.It is common, but popular.
Nowadays,we can even learn English online.Search engines, which are of great help to internet users, are offered in most websites.
If you want to look for something, just type it into the blank and click the search button, and you will get what you want.
On the Internet,we can make friends with penpales.we can communicate with penpales by English.
we are living in an English world.
To make English learning easier, make good use of the internet.
In considering the personal qualities of being successful, great individuals are more likely to possess the same qualities,such as industrious,self-motivated,well-planning.As far as I am concerned, one of the most effective points is the positive intelligence in coping with stress,which is the very thing that I need to learn.
Stress is an indispensable part of our social life no matter what roles we play.
Nevertheless our attitude towards stress can dramatically change how it affects us and our life.It can be explicitly seen in the business word with the momentum of a rat race.
When James Linton,CEO of Rocom,was dealing with the PTL's takeover of Roco,he found himself on the horns of a dilemma.The deteriorating market conditions suggest that the way forward would be anything but smooth.In Linton's eyes,the takeover was by no means a guarantee of future success.He was acutely aware of the need to nurture his staff, if the business was to success,something which was not lost them.However,this genius belief seemed not to be a fantastic deal for shareholders.Some shareholders were strongly against his ideas and stood in the opposite.
Even other CEO said Linton was arrogant that they were not willing to support him on this matter .At that time,the atmosphere between Linton and them was awkward.On the other side,the staff also had expectations on Linton.Under such circumstance,everyone was waiting to see the final result.
It turned out that Linton was ferociously positive and intelligent to implement the right decision,and,while in others,this could appear intimidating, in Linton,it won further admiration amongst loyal employees.
Undoubtedly,James Linton is the vital role in the job of reviving one of the most illustrious names in retail finance,Rocom.His positive intelligence in stressful work cultivates his own sense of well-being and sets him up to success.This story impressed me deeply when I was reading a book about business giants.We can see stress is not just an obstacle to growth, it can be fuel for it.
Inspiring by this story, I have a new look for stress in my life.Indeed,many people will present a negative attitude when they are overwhelmed or stressed-out.However,if we try to change the relationship with stress,to be positive in the complicated situation,we'll see things can be totally different.
Stress can be viewed as a test to self-enhancement.The extraordinary people are aware of this,and well-performed in the challenging world.
It is a great personal quality we ought to acquire.
In nowdays,we can see the computer in everywhere and everytime,we ofen use computer to do a lot of things,for example,do our homework,send E-mails,keep contect with our family numbers and our friends.It is required us make full use of internet,so the internet play a more important role in people's life.
We must addmit that internet is important to our life.We can surf on the internet to find some usefull infomations,we need't to go out to know what happened in our morden life,we know from the internet maybe more real than we have ever seen or heared,the interent also make the world turn to a country,we can make friends with people in other countries,it make people's relationship more closed.It is convient and fast.
But internet also has some problems,especially to the teenangers,teenages are still young,they don't know what is right and wrong,they may addicted to the interent game easily,and surf some unhealthy informations,their scores may worse and worse.Do worse to the teenager is make their parents sad and disappointed.To the adult they may use the internet to make crime,this kind of behavior is harm to the society.
In my opinion,people should in control of themselves,they should know what they are not supposed to do and their duty,we should know interent is a good tool,we shouldn't make it turn to a harmfull tool.
It was a rainy season.
The sky was full of rain.
Most students were busy between the classroom and dormitory.
They were occupied in study as if tomorrow were the end of the world.
The atmosphere was charged with tension.
In the back of classroom, however, a boy was asleep and there was nothing on his desk.
The entrance examination of college was in the corner and everyone was trying their best to make progress and amounts of books was piled on the desk, except Tom-The poor student in this school who was from an awful rural and looked so different.
His eyes were in eclipse.
His clothes were quite shabby.
The class began.
A teacher came in.
"Hello, class.
The topic that we will discuss in this class is what is your dream.
Almost every student had shared their dream.
Someone thought it was to get access to the best university.
Others considered it was to be a scientist.
The teacher listened to them carefully and thought highly of them.
Then the teacher fixed his sights on the unique and silent student-Tom who seldom answered question in his class.
The class became noisy.
Everyone has his dream.
I have no idea, I just want to finish my high school quickly.
I don't want to waste my time in class.
If you have to ask me, I think it's to leave there and get a job so that my mother needn't to worry for my tuition".
The teacher stared at Tom for a moment.
Then the teacher walked to the front and wrote a sentence on the blackboard.
"If you never have a dream, you'll never have a dream come true".
Then he said "Even if we can't prove that we can, we have to prove that we can't.
Life shrinks or expends in proportion to one's dream.
My kids, you have to be optimistic to face difficulties in our life.
You have to know that if wrinkles must be written upon our brows, the only thing you can do is not letting them be written upon the heart.
So be happy for this moment.
This moment is your life.
After class, the teacher asked Tom to stay behind.
He waked to tom and said "New please ask yourself what's your dream.
I believe you can do it".
This was the first time that the teacher talked to Tom.
He was so nervous and didn't know what to say.
He just kept silent as usual.
But he remembered the sentence "If you never have a dream, you'll never have a dream come true".
Tom leaved the classroom with mixed feelings.
He first looked at the campus carefully and found it's so strange but beautiful.
There went the bell.
Tom raised his head and came into classroom straightly.
He knew no matter how bad his life was, but his future would be bright because he has a dream from now on.
It's a great honor for me to address a brief speech here.
Presently, while living standard improved, we seem lost in crazy pursuit of fashion.
A recent story captures people's attention.
An undergraduate's insistence in purchasing a trio of Apple products made her low-income mother sob.
Now the news has been a controversial issue and it has aroused our consideration.
Needless to say, fashionable products equip us with a sense of superiority.
Nevertheless.
Vanity is the source of sorrow.
Students should concentrate ourselves exclusively on studies, which should be on the top of our agenda.
Nowadays, it becomes more and more popular that a college student to find a part time job in their spare time.
Here are some advantages and disadvantages of this trend.
There are some advantages about college students finding part-time jobs.
First, many companies when they getting fresh-man, they will choose the interviewees who have experience about part-time jobs.
Second, they will broaden our horizons and enrich our life experiences.
Because part-time job can bring us these advantages so that we can enrich ourselves and souls.
However, here are some disadvantages about college students to get a part-time job.
When students get a part-time job, their energy will to be separated which like a cake, it's finite.
What's worse, these students will lose some time of doing their homework.
They have to rebuild their schedules.
In a word, it will take more time and energy.
We all know we need part-time job.
Because we live in society so we need money and experience.
So the part-time job becomes our option.
We can get a part-time job for our life and study.
As a sentence goes, there is reasonable.
The part-time job is a part of our life.
I have got two tickets for a concert given by G.E.M.,the most popular female singer nowadays,this Sunday evening at Guangzhou Tianhe Stadium.Since you are her great fan,I'd like to invite you to come with me.We are sure to have a good time together!Please let me know whether you can come or not.I can be reached at 12345678.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.I like learning English very much and I also love teaching children,so maybe I will be an English teacher.Maybe I will say goodbye to my single life and marry a girl,or still be single.Maybe I will still love Taylor Swift,a singer from America.Maybe I will love cooking and exercising.Perhaps I will move to Shanghai,or even Newyork or London.I think my life will be very wonderful and interesting.Hope that day will be good and hopeful.
Many people like reading.Some of them like reading in the library.Some of them prefer to electronic readers.Are electronic readers better than normal books?It is worthwhile for us to make a discussion.
The advantages can be list as follows.First,it's convenient for us to read on the electronic readers.We don't need to walk to the library to have a reading.Besides,we don't need to waste time to look for books we want,just import the key words then the book will turn up in front of our eyes.What's more,we can download everything we like with no money in the electronic readers.The massive information will satisfy us.Last but not the least,electronic readers are not very big so that we can carry it on our persons to any places.
However,we cannot ignore their disadvantages.First of all,their convenience may lead to our laziness.They will provoke our dependence.Secondly,they are harmful for our eyes.The radiation of electronic readers will retired our eyes and damage our health.Thirdly,if the electronic readers has no electricity or the articles are disappeared accidentally outside,we cannot read any more.Lastly,some electronic readers are expensive.At this time,some students will use them to compete in climbing to see who is superior.
So,electronic readers are very nice but we cannot rely on them completely.Reading is an activity full of warm and fragrant.Reading with a book,a cup of tea and a wisp of sunshine is the happiest thing in the world.
There are a lot of places interesting on our Campus.
For example our basketball gym, it is so big that our school all students can watch games in it And I think it is the most interesting place on Campus.
There are two reasons.
First of all, as a basketball gym we can play basketball in it, all boys like playing basketball in it, this felling is hard to express.
When we organized basketball game in it, athletes enjoy the audience's cheer, and audiences enjoy the excitement of the games.
Second, we can put on performance in it, we can organize kinds of floor show in it.
When we sit in it we can enjoy the acting and enjoy the joy.
From my point of view, our basketball gym is the most interesting on Campus, it not only grade and beautiful atmosphere but also practical, everyone will enjoy in it and you are no exception.
Welcome to all school, it will let you down.
All of the people know that the honesty is a virtue.
However, with the development of economy, more and more people throw away the honest in order to obtain interests.
The phenomenon of dishonesty happens in society generally.
For example, students copy in the test for good grades, and businessman deceive consumers for themselves own hand.
Maybe, those dishonesty can bring them temporary benefit, but they will have cost more one day.
Honest benefit people, everyone should work to be honest.
Honest can bring us friendship, and help us gain greater success, enjoy a better life.
On the contrary, we don't want to deal with someone who is dishonest.
Without honest, the world would not have the trust and no one can believe in others.
Without honest, people would be cold and there would not exist love and warm.
The world can't be without honesty.
Let us with sincerity, do an honest and reliable man.
I chose this place,they can be wonderful mostly.
To start with,Xiangshan Park is a symbol of Huaibei,which has a long history.There are acient buildings in mountains,attracing a great many people to take photos with them.
What is more,a variety of delious foods are tempting.Taking a look around,I can find examples too numerous to list.
their knowledge,laying a solid foundation the understanding of fabulous city.
In a word,Huaibei is a city of vitality and energy,it has many of coal.
Ibelieve that my foreign friend have a good time.Not only can he appreciate the landscape of the Xiangshan Park,but also tasteauthentic Northeast food.No better place can be chosen than Xiangshan Park.
It is known to us all that there are more and more TV talent shows appear.
Nowadays, people are accustomed to watching a talent show as soon as they turn on the TV.
The reasons of this kind of phenomenon are the development of media and the competition between different TV stations.
Those people who want to be a star can realize their dream and who manage the TV station is glad to make more profit by the talent show.
On a personal station, talent show is successful as an entertainment program which amused people.
But with the number of this kind of program increased, it brought many problems.
First of all, the success of those stars who are famous by talent show encouraged teenagers to pay attention to other things instead of study.
Twice, an enormous amount of talent show made people feel tired about this kind of program.
Last but not least, it is uncertain if the star is able to be a public figure who is the example of people.
In a ward, it is time to end those talent shows.
If it is possible I would like to ask you to see a fashion show held at six tomorrow afternoon.
I think we could meet outside the theater at half past five, so we can be punctual.
If there is any change, please tell me.
Two years ago in a winter.I went to Inner Mongolia with my parents by car.
There,We rode down the road to see the scenery , watch swans and dance with the locals.There are many kinds of delicious food such as Roast Lamb Leg,dairy products as well as skewer.People live in Mongolia.Mongolia peculiar shape, is a hidden but beautiful spot.The local people are very friendly to us, we use the food to entertain us.In the local, there are many places worth taking pictures of the place such as Swan Lake and Prairie.
The trip left a deep impression on me.It makes me feel relaxed and happy.
The other days, we had a research on high school students accepted our test.
Every student was given a Chinese word list, and they are supposed to write down the correct English words.
However, it did not come out a pleasant result.
Only 20% of the students spelt most of the words exactly.
% of them spelt half of the words correctly.
And the rest hardly spelt any word.
We were so sad to come to the conclusion that a large number of students do not pay attention to the spelling ability.
In my opinion, one of the reasons why students have a weak spelling ability is that they do not have a strong basis.
Maybe they do not think it is essential for them to pay attention to spell.
They take it for granted that they can acquire English well just with one step.
That's absolutely wrong.
Another reason is that some students are not interested in English at all.
Maybe they would not like to learn such a boring subject.
In order to change the situation, in one hand I believe that change students' attitude towards spelling ability in the first place.
Teachers are supposed to contribute students to a correct way of learning English.
In the other hand, students should also devote to strengthen the base.
English learning is a long process, we have to make efforts to it so that we can make progress.
People do not live in the world without passions as though fish is bound to doom without water.
In my life, I use to place hope first.
May every day of my life bring my new hope for tomorrow, because hope offers us reasons for having a try.
We should choose to keep our pecker up no matter how many times we have failed, and are firmly under the belief that success must be owned by us.
In the next place, kindness is indispensable.
As a common saying that people's inherent quality is good.
If we use kind to the world, then our lives will become more beautiful.
The last one is courage.
Life always accompanies many difficulties and frustrations which we need the courage to face and overcame, so courage is my motivation.
When have these passions for my life, life will be colorful.
I have hope and kindness and courage passions, therefore my future are promised.
Stars like Jackie Chan and Yao Ming, in order to protect wildlife, having a public television advertising, which I was very moved by advertising: no business, no killing.
Last week, I regularly watched "happy home" as usual.
They broadcast a portion of film about ocean.
The humans catch the sharks, cut the fins, and drop to the sea.
In fact, this is not free, but lead the sharks to death, after throwing them in the sea, sharks without fins, already cannot swim in the sea, a few days later, their bodies will slowly rot, finally eaten by other fish.
Animals are the friends who share the earth with us.
They could have enjoyed the beauty of the nature.
However, human beings, killed them unscrupulous.
People kill the elephants just for the ivories.
People kill the rhinoceros for their rhinoceros horns.
People take their bear bile while the bears are still living.
In order to obtain the shark fins, they cut the sharp fins from the sharks, then drop them to the oceans.
The sharks died painfully.
Humans in order to meet their own needs, for the benefits, regardless of the feelings of the animals, tortured by cruel methods.
They do not regard the animals as living things that have thoughts and happiness.
And I want to ask if there is commonality between man and animals.
Balls are parts of pats, and pats are parts of hands, hands are parts of persons.
Shark fins are parts of sharks.
Do not eat shark fins.
In order to save the animals, the environment is no longer becoming worse, from my start, from now on.
If we did not eat shark fins, we would not starve.
If we did not wear mink coats, we would not freeze.
We should learn to live in harmony with wildlife, because nature is important to all the living things on earth.
No business, no killing.
Build a Harmonious Society Dear fellow students, Our government is going to build a "harmonious society".
I think it is everyone's duty to work hard to achieve this goal.
First of all, we should love our motherland.
Let's take a great interest in the development of our hometowns and take an active part in our school's activities.
Secondly, let's fill the world with love.
We should show our respect for old people, our parents and our teachers.
We should also care for each other and help those in need.
Mostimportant of all, all of us must be faithful and honest in our daily life.
Finally, let's work together to save energy and protect our natural environment, including animals, trees, flowers and grass.
As for myself, I will study even harder and try my best to do all the above.
L From H High School Everyone knows that there is a very important sports meeting over the world called the Olympic Games.
It's held once every four years.
The twenty-ninth Olympic Games will be held in Beijing which is the captial of China.
Beijing is an old but beautiful city, there are many places that are famous for their scenery or historical relics here.
For example , the Great Wall , the Forbidden City , the Temple of Heaven and so on, they all show the history and culture of China.
The book--Morning Reading Classics consists of 365 essays that are just like a teacher who teaches you how to succeed,how to gain real happiness,how to treat others,how to deal with dreams and many other crucial things in your life.What's more,it's a wonderful spiritual mentor to inspire us to be wiser and more mature.
After reading the book,I know I should follow my heart and don't let my dream be stolen.Just focus on my dream,believe in it,and do my utmost to achieve it no matter what happened.Only in this way will I gain the sweet taste of realizing my own value.
strong-minded,we will see the magnificent rainbow after the terrible storm.There is no denying that to improve our power of action and be persistent,we will create and decide our own destiny.No pains,no gains.It's universally acknowledged that the success belongs to those who are both deligent and tenacious.
Another essential thing for our life is love.Love is to us what sunshine is to livings.There is a saying:"The quickest way to receive love is to give,the fastest way to lose love is to hold it too tightly,and the best way to keep love is to give it wings.
"I am touched by the beautiful words when it comes to my eyes and mind.Love is simple so don't make it too confusing and complicated.Put yourself in others' shoes and make the world more harmonious and vigorous.The time of our life is limited so we are supposed to show our love and make people who deserve our love happy.
Life is an amazing gift,I will try to live my life to the fullest and push myself,body and mind,to the limits of my potential.Finishing reading this book,I'm more clear about how to turn my dream into reality and be a successful person.
Everyone's life habit is different.So, sometimes not harmonious situation in the dormitory.For example, some students do not love clean, never cleaning, there will be differ between classmates, often quarrel with each other, Some classmates were very noisy, often in the bedroom to put music while others are sleeping, they never consider the feelings of others.
So, I think a harmonious dormitory life is very important.A good dormitory life can help students to improve their quality of life, or even study.
Lecture class is a traditional type of education that used in China from thousands years.
But these days,many people chose another way which called interactive class.
Lecture class is used all over the world,although it has many shortcomings.
Lecture class is an easy way to teach because it let only one teacher teach many students.
It can make good use of education courses.
But,in this way,students just listen to teachers and there no chance for them to discuss questions with their teacher face to face.
Many big cities like the interactive classes.
Class talk can make students learn to think and express their thoughts.
The teacher can also check students' homework instead of just judge right or wrong.
And this way can enhance the quality of feedback from instructor.
In my opinion,different students adopt to different ways.
We cannot only talk this question except students needs.
Students need their favorite way.
Reading oftenhave an important influence on ones growth and learning,just as Goigi once said, the book is the ladder of human progress.
On the one hand,there is no doubt that reading often have an important on a personal growth and learning .
At the right time,reading a good book can ignite the spark of thought,and let us have widely learning and a retentive memory, and we can experience some pleasure in reading.
In the imperceptibly,reading broadens our horizon.
Arousat of untimited potential.
On the other hand,some people think that the best way to learn is through practice.In the book behind the actual time,read some books are often outdated.
To explore the sourrounding environment of the people,things and scenery of oursenses.
In my opinion,we should read more books.
Because books can teach us a lesson,and the book is not only a treasure trove of knowledge,but also is our good teachers and helpful friends.
It can teach us how to write,how to behave.
When we are alone,it can be like a good friend to comfort you.
As a college student,we are too much time to practice ourselves.Rather than,almost students choice to stay in home in summer and winter holiday and do nothing.Only part of us take part in social practice,such as look for a job in factory or take-part time job in hometown or teach some children as a tutor and so on,who are want to make some money to support ourselves and to practice ourselves ability to fit the society.
Almost of us lack of social experience,always don't know how to handle when we face trouble,and often rely on our parents and friends.What's more,being afraid of dealing with strangers.However,we will go to the society,after all.Other,as a adult,we should have the duty to improve and strong ourselves.
As far as i am concerned,college student ought to take part in social practice and have the ability to face all kinds of situation in the future.
Nowdays,we can see a problem that is humbl abode.From the cartoon,we can see that a young man lives in a crowed house like snail's shell.,lying in bed with playing computer and smart phone.
He doesn't go out,and solving the problem of eating by ordering takeout.
This is a common social phenomenon called Humble abode.
The main reasons for this phenomenon are as follows.On one hand, Internet provides people with tremendous convenience ,people can do a lot of things at home instead of going out.
Such as, shopping online, studying on the internet and charting online with friends.
Beause of internet, people become more lazier than ever ,especially, more and more students and young people would prefer stadying at home than going out.
On the other hand, a increasing number of population makes it difficlt to find suitable house.
Many graduates just live in a small house like a snail.
Nowadays, living has become a terrible problem ,many people may be spend their lifetime on striving for a house .
As far as I am concerned ,the government should attach the importance to house price.
In addition ,some graduates should take into account that whether it's appropriate for them to work in big cities.
The rapid development of economy makes our life with a variety of changes:the way we work,the way we eat,and the way we entertain ourselves or something.
Let's look first at the changes in the way we work.A generation ago,most of the people are sitting in the office,go to work by bus.But today,with the continuous improvement of science and technology,more and more people can office at home,and more efficient,more and more people have their own cars,no hard waiting for the bus everyday.
In addition,people work longer hours,and the wage was scarcer.But today,more and more people doing a job with high salary.
And speaking of eat,in the past,people's home may not be rich,therefore,food is very sinmple,a family often get together to eat.But today,people's economic level is improve,the food we eat more rich,more people choose to eat on the outside,people's food is more healthy.
Finally,the way we entertain ourselves,many years ago,most families had just one set,which they watched together,and we often take part in outdoor activities.But today,computer bring a dizzing array of entertainment into the home,more and more people saty in thier room play computer games or watch a movie,do not exercise regularly leads to people's physical quality is getting worse.
It's seems that changes in the way we live is something of a mixed blessing, so we must face up to these changes to make our life better.
There are many important people In my life .myfamilies,myfriends,mydear"sisters",and etc .but the person I love most is my real second sister for me.I have a big family ,which includes my parents ,my three sisters and me.I love them all very much ,especiallymy second sister !why?the reason is simple ,she loves memost,Ilove her most too!when I was young,she took care of me carefully whether in my life or my studying .now,although she has had her own family and child.however ,she still looks after me so carefully!When I was happy ,she was happy;when Iwas sad,she will encourge me and lead me to walk out of sadness!I love her very much!
My name is T.I'm from W City in Q Province.Or you can call me 173 or big eyes.Yeah, this two nicknames stand for my personal characters.First,173 means that I'm tall.What's more,someone told me that my eyes just like baboon.From the bottom of my heart,I'm glad to have this two nicknames.As for my hobbies,I like singing and playing badminton.But sometimes I prefer to stay alone, reading and listening to music.
Generally speaking, everybody has their dream job.And I'm dreaming of becoming an Foreign trade entrepreneur.
As we all know, college is just like the primary society and we should try our best to master more skills.So I expect that I will get what I want and become a successful person in the future.
I am a fifteen-year-old girl who study in Grade Nine.So much homework often affects my emotion,but I never give up studying because of love around me.For example,my mum always looks after me carefully and makes me wear properly every day.In addition,my fiends often help me and believe me when I am in trouble.When I get love from them,I feel warm and try to give more love to them.To show my love,I am going to take more care of my mother's health,and help friends when they're in trouble.
As is known to all,we all have a dream,and it is very difficult to achieve our dreams.But we need to know that it is not mountain we conquer but ourselves.So if you think it you can succeed.
I dreamed to make much money to let my parents have a good life.I still knew it not easy.But I fimly believe that I can be successful by my efforts.My parents have paid a lot for us.We should return them with the practical action.At school,we should study hard.And in the work,we should grasp the opportunity to make the bosses trust us.So we can close to our dreams.
If you think it you can succeed.And fighting is my only job.Finally we will have a great time!
As is known to all, quite some college students have unhealthy habits.
Typical examples include staying up late, excessive consumption and indulge in the game.
So we should pay attention to college student's daily habits.
Apparently, these unhealthy habits deeply harm to student's future.
On the one hand,staying up all night for college students not only have a negative effect on physical development, but also affect the status of the second day of learning and passion.
On the other hand, excessive consumption of college students undoubtedly increased the burden on families which has also form a luxury lifestyle.
We can do many things for correcting these unhealthy habits.
Firstly, we should try to learn science at the university instead of playing computer because it just wasted our precious time.
Secondly, we should be consumed in moderation so as not to waste the hard work of parents.
Finally, we should keep early hours does a body good but also improve our studies.
As college students we should cultivate healthy habits so that we can make our future more exciting.
The family style is a family moral standard.And it is like food.The family style is an essential component of the house.My family style is how to be a good person.
First,I will become a goodness person.There is a saying,one shall not try to hurt people.
In spite of this, one shall be wary of others.When I was in primary school.Once,I throw chalk in the room.I accidentally hit my father in the head.My father hurried forward to stop me.He said it is wrong.And call me next time don't do this.It makes me very unforgettable.
Second,I will become a punctuality person.My mother often tells me to cherish the time.So I often do some meaningful things.Such as study and participate in sports activities.So I have a healthy body.
The behavior of parents,always influence the children.This is my family style,it can get me to develop a lot of good quality.
I am Oscar, the spokesman of the Students' Union.
On behalf of the Students' Union, the main organizer of today's sports meeting, I welcome you all to the beautiful stadium.
After two months' preparation, our annual sports meeting is held on schedule.
Thanks to the support and help from our school leaders and teachers.
Though they have many school responsibilities, they have taken time off to take part in our sports activities.
Let's give them a big hand.
Through sports, we can not only develop our physical prowess, but also promote social and emotional skills, and even intellectual skills, which will matter in our future lives substantially.
So hope everybody here cherish this opportunity and enjoy it.
At last, best wishes for the success of the sports meeting and best wishes for the good results of our athletes.
It is my pleasure to announce the open of the sports meeting.
This is a good plan making the whole day useful .
Stress, the pressure on our heart, a little is good but too much can turn into poison.
But nowadays excessive stress has become a serious mental disease.
We can find a sharp increase of the number who thinks they are suffering too much stress.
Looking into this phenomenon, I can find that the lack of communication, limited resources and the fast pace of lives are to blame.
Communication is always the best way for us to know others and express ourselves, the lack of communication will easily accumulate stress.
The most superficial fact is that lack of communication can cause lots of misunderstandings for there is no way for you to show out your feeling and your guess about others can't always be correct.
There are countless examples in which misunderstanding made two friends change into two strangers.
Also, lack of communication will decrease your efficiency or even ruins your job, because you may get wrong directions form you superior without a detailed communication.
It is sure to be stressed without further directions because you don't know what to do next and think about the consequence of your action.
The fast pace of lives, in another way the high speed of lives, which mean every day, everywhere, people will always exert themselves so much stress that they can be faster.
This shows the strong will of doing things both efficiently and quickly, which is also the most primary standard of today's society.
But there is a saying "you cannot sell the cow and drink the milk", means the speed and the quality cannot be getten at the same time.
The fast pace of lives also show that people put too much expectation on themselves.
All of us just want to achieve as many things as we expected in a short period of time.
So the time table is just like a strained chain, which can't afford any other force.
While on the step of pushing yourself forward, there will be stress.
And what if you can't finish your job on time, there will be even more stress.
So, slowing down and lightening your heart is a way to get a more balanced life.
Life is a process losing and grabbing resources and the limitation of resources causes the competition between one and another.
First, the problems of resources come with the overlarge population.
The population is a number which will never stop increasing in a peaceful world.
Any type of resources, no matter how abundant it is, divided into a large population will be infinitesimal.
What's more, limited resources force people to compete with each other.
Nobody wants to be the loser because loser refers to bad living condition, lower social status and less happiness.
So people just hold their nerves tightly to keep up or even step onto others.
Also, along with the development of the technology and the living standard, our costs of living went through a sharp increase.
But, in the meantime, the fact is that the money or the resources we hold in hand didn't rise that much.
The more costs of living the harder we cultivate an excellent person.
As for general people, the costs of living a better life always turn down most of us and enhance the level of stress.
We are just like shrimps in the deep sea.
No doubt we will be so stressed.
Stress is not from nowhere, the people around you, your ambition and the environment where you settle in, all of them can be the origin.
The most difficult process of solving a problem is to define it and find the causes.
And now we have already taken the first step of it.
We are learning and reading in college.I will succeed in college after.I will want to my home help for my family life.I will spent some time to make friends in frsehman.We should often help the classmate.We can improve and I will succeed.We have to learn to be the leader of our dream step by step.
At the moment,for our English learning craze has two different views.
One is to strengthen English learning.So that we can learn from the advanced technology.Not only conducive to international exchanges,but also to understand westerm culture.
Another view is that learning English overheating.Because learning English into a large,effective low,and learned to no avail.Learning English is mainly to meet the test.
It is obvious that we should learn English .
Because it is in our daily lives has played a significant role, such as travel or work abroad .
Maybe you think it's right.
But the truth is always different.
Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
Knowledge usually comes from life.
I don't think the study is very important, but we can't live without study, study also plays a very useful role in our life.
We can learn a lot of things and one day we can use it.
Day by day, it makes the experience, and it make a sense in the future.
Whatever we did, we will make it.
As far as I'm concerned, experience comes from use, if we insist on it, nothing is important, just try our best, we can do it, that's the power of experience.
The Mid-Autumn Festival falls on the 15th of the eighth month of our chinese lunar calendar.
It is one of the Chinese traditional festivals which play a significant role in Chinese culture.
Since it is on this day when a ordinary Chinese family can gather together, no matter how busy they are and how far they have left home.
There are various activities the family can do together.
Not only can they enjoy the full moon, but also have a taste of moon cakes.
what's more, calling on friends as well as having an agreeable tour is also a considerable choice.
Obviously, the Mid-Autumn Festival do provide us with a precious opportunity of family's accompany.
And I have my opinion of this topic.Quciky,convenient,the most advantage of the personal cars.Make a example,if you want to have a picnic in the subrub,you can not to think how to go there.Because you have a car,which is belong to you.So you can drive it to anywhere.And why the personal cars are very quickly?Because you can choose the best way to go that you want to go.
Though the personal with so many strength,it also have many disadvantages.For a start,plenty of the cars can cause the traffic jam.And then,the air pollution is a challenging question to which the human face.So far,the scientists haven't been to found the better way to solve the problem.
But from anyway to think,the cars still are good for us.So we should have the right thoughts of the cars.
I have two concert tickets about Jay Chou and I have known that you are a super fan of him.
Therefore, I would like to invite you to go to the concert with me.
There will be a grant place where the concert will be held at and I have heard that Jay will give some gifts to everyone who are present.
That will be fun.
Nowadays, many cities have the traffic problem of overcrowding, especially in large cities.
Overcrowding bring us a lot of inconvenient and also influence our daily life.
There are many problems caused by overcrowding.
Overcrowding is caused by too much cars and people,so too much cars will pollute the environment and lower the air quality and finally influence our living.
Besides, overcrowding can easily cause traffic accident that result in casualties.
And it will be inconvenient for workers and students to go out to go to work and go to school.
To face with so many problems caused by overcrowding, we should solute it.
In my point of view, I suggest that we should take a bus more instesd of driving a car, which will efficiently reduce the flow of cars.
However, it is difficult to be done, because we can not issure that everyone is willing to go out by bus.
