Nearly all the university students have their own mobile devices.
But every coin has two sides.
One point is that mobile devices can reach others easily and inconveniently.
The other point is that mobile devices make lots of trouble.
As far as I am concerned, compared with disadvantages, mobile devices have more advantages.
First, it's obvious that mobile devices can make you reach others easily and inconveniently, which makes lots of things can be solved in a short time.
For example, in a company, if you want to have a meeting right now.
You can convene all the staff in a short time through mobile device.
Secondly, you can often relate to family members, which can promote affection between you and your family.
More, your family can know your state well.
Thirdly, this is so important in that you can dial emergency telephone.
You can dial 120 when someone 's life is in danger.
You can dial 101 when someone is robbed.
You can.
.These emergency telephone can prevent you from danger.
The last but not the least, mobile devices have been able to surf on line with the development of science and technology.
You can get more information form them.
This is the great reason that why so many university students like mobile devices strongly.
In fact, if you don't want to others disturb you, you can turn off your mobile devices.
In conclusion, mobile devices have more advantage.
Only you can trend to the advantages and keep away from disadvantages, can you use mobile devices effectively.
And i think you will be the hope someone to help.
Some people think that help strangers is a virtve,because everyone has needed help.Right?
Maybe cause not just this one.
There have some others reasons.
To help strangers will let oneself have presence,this people think help strangers will make them very happy, they may be make friends when they help strangers.
And this people believe,when oneself in trouble,we would like to get other people to help.
In contrast,some people think that help stangers will make himself into trouble and danger.
I've seen a news, a young man, he helped an old man to the hospital, but the old people's family was considered to be the young man hurt the eldrly.
This is why some people think help stangers will make himself into trouble and danger.
In my opinion, we should help stangers.
Because of between people should to trust eath other,and help eath other.
I believe that helping others is helping yourself.
There are too many way for graduate.
For example he can get a job take part in the postgraduate entrance exams go abroad or do pioneering work .
Perhaps some of people whose family not rich choose get a job that he can earn some money that can lighten the burden.
Some people choose take postgraduate entrance exams that can learn more knowledge .
Choose go abroad that can learn other country's culture .The other people choose do pioneering work that can show his talent .
There is no doubt that make different choose led to different life.As common saying there is no garden without weeds .
So you must make a good choose suit yourself.
Today, I'd like to share my experience with you.
First,the materials.
We must know what we need to make Sushi.
We need two vegetables such as cucumber or carrot.
Sauce, rice and rice vinegar.
For best results, we'd better use Japanese rice vinegar.
And a thin sheet of seaweed.
We aslo need a bamboo mat and sharp knife.
Next, cook the sushi.
Place seaweed down on the bamboo mat.
Grab the cooked rice and spread it onto the seaweed.
In this part, we comes to the key point - the rice.
If you want to make a delicious Sushi, you must know how to make rice.
The rice should be cooked harder.
Line up your ingredients in the middle of the seaweed, the vegetables you put are vary from your taste.
Then, rolling the Sushi.
Holding the closest edge of the bamboo mat, roll the sushi.
Tighten the roll as you go.
Finally, Cutting the Sushi.
Move your full roll to a cutting board.Slice it first down the middle, from there you can cut it into sixths or eighths, whichever you prefer.
And those are the steps to make Sushi, after that, you can enjoy your own Sushi.
Helping strangers utilized to be considered as a virtue.
Nevertheless, nowadays people tend to be extremely cautious of strangers.
They are afraid that helping others can sometimes bring them trouble.
However, the way I see it ,whenever we should try our best to help others .
The reasons are as follows: To start with, helping others is a necessity.
Of course, other people include strangers.
So we should help strangers.
What's more, helping strangers can create love ,which makes our society more harmonious.
As we all know, our country encourages people to make contributions to the constructing of harmonious society.
If we did that, we would live in a society which is full of warmness and love.
The last but not least, living in this world, everyone may encounter difficulty.
If we don't help strangers, how we can get help from strangers.
Therefore, that we help strangers, to some extent, is helping ourselves.
Although helping others can sometimes bring us trouble, we can take appropriate measures to help strangers.
All in all, I strongly believe that we are supposed to help strangers with appropriate ways.
Today,and not the same as usual.I do not think in bed,I have breakfast quickly and then go to the library and read books.And then, I go to the cinema and see a movie.
Afterward,I go to special park.
I sat on lawn with friends talk.I go to the playground to play roller coaster.Although very tired,but I feel intensely happy.
My mood is unable with the language to describe.This is happier holiday.I am enjoying the holiday.
finanal crisis is a worldwide thing.
when it happen , it will destroy the global economic development.
, raising prices, increaning social contradictions ang influencing counytry developing so on .
I think we can sum upthe cause of our current economic crisis in one word - GREED Over the years, mortgage lenders were happy to lend money to people who couldn't afford their mortgages.
hese lenders were able to charge higher interest rates and make more money on sub-prime loans.
In the morden world, the new things is popular, but in ancient time, the attitude of people about new things seems different.
In that time, people like to follow their ancitor's life, do the things that olders feel great, so when someone did something new, they will say no to that.
However, life like this can keep us from unknown dangerous, but also limited the development of human society.
As a student of China, we all know the history that China was alomst die, our book tell us that is because the Qing dinesty have closed door of country, which made us lose the sense of the development of world, while other country try to make their imange come true, we select the people by their essay is good or not.
While other country try to make their new things perfect, our king try to published people who wants to have a new life.
So the result is one day, our door was opened with a totally rude way, attack by eight countrys, without new ideas and new weapons, we have no power to protect us from a war.
In addition of the sadness history, nowadays, the human socity is develop so fast that we need new things to help us get a better life.
On the other hand, new things not only means invtions, but also means new ideas and new meathos, and both of them need a suitable chance to come up with.
Just like the ancient China, the new idea make you dangerous, but in today, the new idea make you success.
Acctually, wheather the new things will be accept or not, that is depend on the quality of new things, we need new things useful and helpful, if they just some imagines, no one will support that.
New things is important, they can carry our socity develop and they can improve our life quality.
But the new things also need a great chance, if the manager of a company act like the king of ancient China, then the new things will be ignored, if the society is opening and respecting, then the new thing may have a better futrue.
Thus once we get something new, find it a great chance and show it to people, because your idea may change our life.
Nowadays,there is a heated discussion among the students as to what is the happiness.
Some students think that the happiness is money,but other students think that the happiness is that doing whatever they like.
Opinions are divided over this discussion.
Those who are in favor of happiness are decided by the spiritual pursuit maintain that it is very convenient to live with enough money.
In the first place,if they have enough money,they can buy whatever they need and go wherever they want to go.
What's more,if you don't have enough money,you have to work day by day,even do the job that you hate.
And you will haggle over every ounce for frivolous things.
But other people agree that happiness is meeting the spiritual pursuit.
On the one hand, staying with family is happiness.
Happiness is a feel,when your parents care about you, you will also feel happy.
You needn't earn much money.
On the other hand,the happiness is able to use their own way and do the thing they love.
The spiritual pursuit can't mean the happiness.
As far as I'm concerned,I think that the happiness is the spiritual pursuit.
Talking with family is happiness,eating delicious food is happiness, helping others also is the happiness.
The value of happiness can't be measured by money.
Happiness is decided by how you feel,not decided by how much money you have.
Everyone will dream of their future.So do I.Obviously I want to find a job which both pays me well and interests me.An increasing number of people are becoming aware of the significance of health.I want to adapt myself to the development of social.So I will try my best to be a dietitian.
With the development of social,more and more people fall ill because they go on a wrong diet.In my opinion,once a habit is formed,it is difficult to get rid of it.So I really hope that I can try my best to help them.On the one hand,a right diet is necessary for maintaining a healthy body.On the other hand,everyone has bad habit.To settle this problem,I will to be a dietitian who can tell them what should they do.
''A close mouth catches no flies''.Thus a man should definitely be sure of what to eat and what not.I hope that I am helpful.I suppose that they will live a good life if they eat as I tell them.Meanwhile,more and more people complained that they have a short life.To settle this problem,I think that the reason for it.To sum up,they go on a wrong diet.If I am a dietitian,I will help them make a cookbook.
In the future,everyone will need a dietitian.So I will expand my scope of knowledge.As a dietitian,I should learn the ingredient of every eatables and their nutritional value.Besides,I will learn to cook.I suppose that it will help me to obtain more knowledge about health.All in all,people should go on a right diet for the good of our health and for the good of keeping a good body shape.
In short,I will be a dietitian in the future.I believe my dream can come true.As far as I see,where there is a will,there is a way.
Nowadays,doing part-time jobs is more and more popular.
An ocean of people do not agree with it, but I think it can benefits people.When you have a part-time job,you can earn some money.
Besides, you will gain some working experiences,which will be of great help when you are finding a job in the future.What's more, you will know how tough the life is when you realise that it is hard to earn money by yourself.
Last but not least, one can learn to be more independent when he is doing a part-time job, because he has to make decisions by himself.
In a word, doing a part-time job can be received and advocated.
I'm a student in a university .I want to practice myself in my summer vacation.
So I want to get a job as a chinese language assistant in the UK.
.I think I can be a very good there are doing this work, the successful completion of the task.
My English ability can still, can normal talking with people .
The reason that I choose the job, because I also want to pass this opportunity to exercise your English skills, let his English is more and more good .So please allow me to do the job.
Thank you .
Nowadays, there is a growing tendency for people to read e-books rather than the traditional books.
Some people believe that the e-book has lots of advantages competing with the traditional books, while others think it has brought so many problems.
Some people think that e-books would infringe copyrights of authors, for books on the Internet can be copied and spread easily.
Moreover, e-books can't be passed on as treasures from parents to their children.
Also, spending too much time before the screen isn't good for our eyes.
On the other hand, people supporting the e-books think that they are so convenient---easy to download and easy to take away with.
Also, it's good for the environment, because e-books don't need the woods to be materials.
Thirdly, it's more convenient to share the resources, this will save both the readers' and producers' money.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments, I am inclined to agree with the latter point of view.
For us students, it's really a heavy burden to bring all of the books we need to school every day.
If we use e-books to study, we can bring all of the textbooks in only a small machine.
E-books also have lots of other functions, we can do some notes or listening to some music while reading.
All of these would not make reading too boring.
With the growth of peoples' life standards, a great many of them possess their own cell phone.And there is a phenomenon of people using their mobile phone wherever they go and whatever they do,as the picture that people are crossing the street looking at their cell phones and using walking sticks in order to see.
obviously,cell phone indeed bring about convenience to us,it make it possible to obtain information swift,it enable us to contact our friend easily,and so on .nevertheless,it is a obstacle in some way.some people use it to chat with net friends day and night,and others play mini-games as if it is their routine.they are overusing it and the prime consequence is wasting lots of time,other influence is it prevent us from focusing on important thing ,moreover,addicted to it deeply many cause considerable inconvenience.so,excessively using it make us more confused rather than benefit us .
in a word,overusing mobile phone block us to pursue our aim and we should avoid it.
Fatigue is one of the most common complaints brought to doctors,friends, and relatives.
There are three main categories of fatigue.
First is physical.
This is the well-known that your muscles overworked to the point where metabolic waste products accumulate in your blood and sap your strength.
The second is pathological.
Here fatigue is a warning sign or consequence of some potential physical disorder, perhaps the common cold or flu like diabetes or cancer.
The third is psychological.
Emotional problems and conflicts are by far the most common causes of prolonged fatigue.
To over these fatigue we can try these measures.
On diet side, for peak energy in the morning, be sure to eat a breakfast low in sugar and fairly high in protein which will provide a steady supply of blood sugar throughout the morning.
On the respect of exercise, regular conditioning exercises, help you to stronger by increasing your body's ability to handle more of a work load.
If you know you're tired you can get to bed earlier.
Also you can try to schedule your most taxing jobs for the time of day when you're at your peak.
No matter how interesting or demanding your work is, you'll be able to do it with more vigor if now and again you stop, stretch, and change the scenery.
Fatigue as a felling now live in our body is a common phenomenon.
How combat fatigue is an important problem.
Here is my way to combat fatigue experience.
When fatigue is coming in our body that is may be trouble about lack of some substance.
For example, Iron deficiency fatigue, to over this kind of fatigue we should eat more vegetables fruits and meat.
This may be more appear in women whose in order to control weight they refused to eat meat and only with vegetables and fruits this lead to fatigue.
Another is exercise, sweat will take away the acid in the body and adjust acid-base balance.
When I was a young girl my bones are growing fast and I was Vitamin deficiency fatigue which I done more exercise to over fatigue is highly effective.
All in all, this is my way to combat fatigue.
by reading books as we are young .
Maybe everyone has his own opinion on reading , and there are two main opinions .
Some people think reading need selective , and to choose good books to read .firstly ,they think it's not necessary to read all kinds of books, and then Reading should see them interest and suitable for their taste of the books.
Only by this way can we acquire the happiness and other things which we want .
But other people holding such views , they think reading need extensively .
They think reading extensively can expand their horizons and Enrich their knowledge , and the most is we can know something about all kinds of fields .
In my opinion ,i agree with the idear which reading need selective .
Reading is a good habit ,but not everyone like to do it .
So i think Reading books should be based on our interests , if we force ourslves to read the books that your are not intersted in ,may lead to we hate to read .
Dear Mr. Headmaster, I am Li Yue, a student from Class 1, Senior II.
I'm writing to talk about the problems of scribbling and littering in tourists attractions.
In my opinion,this phenomenon shows that the thoughts of many tourists are wrong.
First, it isn't gentle of them to do this kind of uncivilized act in many people's sights.
They should perform graceful in public places to match their status.
Secondly, they are doing some harm to the public facilities.
Everyone should protect the environment of the tourist attractions.
Scribbling and littering would leave the others a bad impression.So we should do these things.
In order to stop people from doing this kind of uncivilized things, I think we should take some actions from now on.
Here are some suggestions to change this phenomenon.
We can publish some articles about this phenomenon.
We need to make more people know about the meaning of their performance in public places.
Besides,we can provide them with more dustbins in the tourists attractions.
I sincerely wish we could own a more civilized world.
My English teacher in senior high school is Ms. Yu.
My first impressions of her is that she is a strict but enthusiastic teacher.She wears a pair of glasses and there is always a big smell on her face.
Ms.Yu has many intresting teaching methods so I do not think I will feel bored in her classes.My English grades were not very good in senior high school and I failed in the first test in senior high school.After that,Ms.Yu talked with me and I understood that I should study harder in senior high school than before.
All in all,going to senior high school means a new biganning,everyone should pull together to get good grades.
You are very beautiful.
Time off really fast, a blink of an eye, the course will be over.
To tell you the truth, a semester of elective courses what results are attained, I say nothing.
Not the teacher's questions, the problem is on my own.
Owing to too many English class during the normal class time which makes me feel tired.
In addition, the professional class homework are more complex.
Therefore a good many time, I am always skipping.
But the teacher's public election class is a great deal good, which not only enrich my knowledge and broaden my horizons, but also let me understand a lot of courses outside of what we don't know.
What makes me really admire teacher is that you understand more, almost know anything.
Can not go to class to acquire knowledge is my infinite loss.
But I think as far as the teacher open the chatterbox, you will lose control.
Most time , it will delay the content what is going to learn.
In a word, to my happiness, I can attend your classes.
In our daily life, to do anything, we can't imagine so easy to success.
In that , any successful all need strong will.
In the modern society, the seemingly simple thing ,in the beginning is a simple, however, continue to do it more and more difficult to find.
At this time, as long as we don't give up, prepare for it.
Has a strong will, eventually,we can succeed.
As far as I am concerned, as a college student also is so, we are going to face more and more difficult challenge.
So, we should always be prepared, last but the not least,no pain, no success,I believe that success is not so far from us.
In my opinion, college students should improve themselves in all aspects, not only books but also social practice.
The students can take in a lot from books, such as math, Chinese, English and so on.
But, like social communication, it needs college students to learn gradually by taking part in social practice.
For college students, they are doing thing not deep.
And they are curious about everything.
So, they are easy to be cheated.
A few weeks ago, my friends go to a processing plant to do the factory packaging.
With the exception of wages very few, the boss also said that 15 days to pay.
Nevertheless, they are still extremely happy.
Because they absorbed many experiences in this practices.
All in all, college students should participate in social practice in order to expand horizons and increase experience.
As far as I'm concerned that study English in HUST is more fancy .I don't have much time to study English in that our major is extremely busy .And my English level is down soon,therefore I choose the double degree in HUST to study and improve my English.In HUST.I can share very luxuriant English resources and assume some special practice.These are intensely helpful to me to study English.Besides,major English in HUST can touch lots of classmates from different college or different major.We can communicate with each other and it's a pretty effective way to study English.What's more,the teacher in HUST offer some methods which we hardly practice in school,like dictation ,pronunciation and so on.
English learning is always the most important part in my life.So for this part,I will try my best to exercise my spoken English.
Being good at communicating is my advantage,so it never be difficult for me to make friends in English.And I hope Mr.Ma can teach us more about different cultures in differnet countries.In order to Learn English better,I think it is necessary.
When it comes to fears of the following 4 years at college,memorizing vocabularies Must be the first one.So I wish that Mr.Ma could help me in tihs part.To be honest,I am also dislike learning English,because I realized that I can't communicate with forieigners still now.
In a word,I hope college English can gives me more surprises.After 2 years,I believe My spoken English can be better!
With the development of the economic environent problems are increasingly prominent.Now modern transportation more and more, they mainly on gasoline survive.
Gasoline and eventually emissions is out of a large number of waste gas.Carbon dioxide will make global warming and temperature rise.Population is growing fast lead to global warming an important one reason.Population growth to reclaim needs to be more land to ensure that the human places to live.Vegetation coverage reduced,absorb carbon dioxide also reduce along with it.Carbon dioxide is absorbed not only emission into the atmosphere,so atmospheric carbon dioxide from the increase in.These are led to global warming of the two main reasons.
We should protect the earth to do things.In order to reduce carbon dioxide emissions,we are going to start from the little things.Although we can not do to reduce the number of cars.But we can use fewer cars.Go out as far as possible when less open private cars,more than a bus or sit up greener bicycle.We don not go to destory plants,rather than to a variety of trees.A year of a tree,a spike in invreasingly will have a lot of vegetation,and do not feel free to trample lawn.Not only ourselves to do this,and to tell people around,with our own action transmission each other.
The earth is our common home.Everyone has a responsibility to take good care of it.A little ever everything can cause environment pollution.So vital to do a good job in everything.
As we can see, more and more Tv stations are passionate to hold a talent show.
Such as the China's God Talent, the China's Dream Show, as we all know, they have a lot of audiences.
Why so many persons like to see it and the show is good or bad for audiences.
In my opinion, the show is a two-edged sword.
On the one hand, the program offers a stage that the ordinary people also have the chance to display their talent to the audience.
The show not only attracts the audience's attention but also show them the hardship behind the story.
Through the show what we can see is not just the talent, it also reveals the emotion of the performer.
On the other hand, the show also courses some controversies.
Somebody thinks that the show sometimes is unfair, the judges are emotional.
In addition, some shows are disappointing.
Maybe some performers can't control themselves after becoming famous.
Everything has two sides.
We can't review it just by one.
If you ask me, I think the good is more than the bad about the show.
I went to the grassland during the vacation.This trip gave me many things.
I went to the grassland with my best friends by train.There are many beautiful scenerise in the grassland.I breathed fresh air and looked transparent sky.I like it very much.when we arrived at the grassland,we can see many horses and sheep.People live in ger.The ger can move so that sheep have grass to eat.
We rode on a horse in the grassland,but I have a friends to get hurt.So we have to be worried about him and hope him turn better soon.We ate sheepment and beef.The sheepment and beef is so delicious that we full of praise.We also drank mare's milk and eve's milk.
They taste is better than milk.
We have a good time during this tirp.If we have time, we will go here again.
Nowadays,more and more students enter colleges.thus,a part of college students form some unhealthy habits.For example,sleeping late,addicted to the computer games and somking and so on.It is hurtful for health.Firstly,if a person sleep later,he will become relaxed.Sometimes,he feels annoy.Secondly,if a person drink some beers,his stomach will be hurt.Thirdly,if a person is addicted to playing games.He won't concentrate on learning.these actions have effect on college students'living.Finally,they will achieve less knowledge,so that they don't find out a good work.
College is a wide society.Everyone is freedom.So we learn own controlling.A good sleep is a part of success.We should get rid of unhealthy habits and start to new living.
Happiness is an emotion which we can feel by ourselves.
Different people have different feelings.
Some people think if they have much money,they can do many things.It can make them feel happiness.But the other people think if they can have enough time to spend it with their parents.
It's the biggest happiness to them.
In my opinion,happiness is a warm word.
I think happiness isn't much money or a person.
But it's an emotion that can make your hurt warm.
For my family and me can be healthy and happy together.
Even if we meet some trouble we will solve together.
Happiness is no matter what has experienced the whole family were always together.
With the development of society and the improvement of people's living standards , we are human beings facing some serious problems , such as pollution , the rapid exhaustion of natural resources , overpopulation , etc .
We wish Extraterrestrials could help us deal with these problems .
In the fist place , I want to discuss overpopulation problem .
In that overpopulation leads to many serious problems .
Only when the overpopulation problem is settled can other social problems be solved effectively .
As we all can see , on account of the growth of population , some serious problems emerged , such as pollution , the rapid exhaustion of natural resources .
In the second place , I will discuss with them about pollution .
In that we are faced with a serious environment problem .
Decades ago , dramatically , we could see big changes have happened in our life .
Last but not the least , I would like to ask them some advice to solve the problem of the rapid exhaustion of natural resources .
To meet the needs of people's life , with the large rise of population , over using of natural resources has influenced our society's development .
We should make the best of natural resources.
It's time we human beings did something to protect our plant .
Spring Festival is China's traditional festival.
It is also at Chinese Lunar Calendar.
It is in February.
And it is lasted half a month.
There are 12 zodiac signs.
Such as monkey,dog and pigs.
This year is the year of the pig.
Before Spring Festival,everyone must have a general cleaning.
Although it is very tired,we are so excited that we didn't feel tired.
On the hogmanay,family will have a meal together.
Everyone is excited,especially children.
Becase they can get the lucky money from their relatives.
We will visit our friends and relatives.
We will send our blessings,too.
Reading, like other activities, brings unique pleasures to the readers.
From my personal perspective, I do believe that reading can offer us an easy access to the wisdom of ages and delighting stories.
It is reading that enrich our life.
What's more, to our surprise, pressure become more and more series, which always hurt us contain our body and mind.
And reading is the best way for us to relax ourselves, especially pleasure our mind.
According to the developing society, if we want to live better, not only should we have a strength health, but also we should enrich our knowledge.
Through reading, we can enhance the understanding of the world, the people and ourselves.
Only when we broaden our horizon can we count on a new stage.
If we have had a good reading, it will benefit from our whole life.
Mattie Silver had lived under Ethan's roof for a year, and from early morning till they met at supper he had frequent chances of seeing her; but no moments in her company were comparable to those when, her arm in his, and her light step flying to keep time with his long stride, they walked back through the night to the farm.
But it was not only that the coming to his house of a bit of hopeful young life was like the lighting of a fire on a cold hearth.
The girl was more than the bright serviceable creature he had thought her.
She had an eye to see and an ear to hear: he could show her things and tell her things, and taste the bliss of feeling that all he imparted left long reverberations and echoes he could wake at will.
It was during their night walks back to the farm that he felt most intensely the sweetness of this communion.
He had always been more sensitive than the people about him to the appeal of natural beauty.
His unfinished studies had given form to this sensibility and even in his unhappiest moments field and sky spoke to him with a deep and powerful persuasion.
But hitherto the emotion had remained in him as a silent ache, veiling with sadness the beauty that evoked it.
He did not even know whether any one else in the world felt as he did, or whether he was the sole victim of this mournful privilege.
Then he learned that one other spirit had trembled with the same touch of wonder: that at his side, living under his roof and eating his bread, was a creature to whom he could say: "That's Orion down yonder; the big fellow to the right is Aldebaran, and the bunch of little ones-like bees swarming-they're the Pleiades..." or whom he could hold entranced before a ledge of granite thrusting up through the fern while he unrolled the huge panorama of the ice age, and the long dim stretches of succeeding time.
The fact that admiration for his learning mingled with Mattie's wonder at what he taught was not the least part of his pleasure.
And there were other sensations, less definable but more exquisite, which drew them together with a shock of silent joy: the cold red of sunset behind winter hills, the flight of cloud-flocks over slopes of golden stubble, or the intensely blue shadows of hemlocks on sunlit snow.
it seemed to Ethan that the art of definition could go no farther, and that words had at last been found to utter his secret soul....
With the development of Internet and the growth of economic, online shopping has become a common and fashion style in our life.
We can buy almost everything without leaving home, so more and more people select this way to buy goods.
There are many advantages of shopping online.
Firstly, we can easily find a product and spend less time on shopping.
Then, the large range of goods can be chosen by you.
Also, we can compare product price and features to make a better decision and get lower price with less effort.
On the other hand, some disadvantages are exposed.
At first, many people enjoy shopping with others, but online shopping make people lose this enjoyment.
Another point is that during online shopping, people may lose private information.
In my opinion, online shopping does bring us convenience.
All we have to do is sitting at home and waiting our package instead of hovering outside.
However, we must be careful and keep our private information.
When I was in middle school, our teachers and parents might say that college life is fantastic and impressive.
Through a whole year hard studying, we passed the college entrance examination and finally went into the campus of college.
Our college life was beginning.
As a freshman, everything in university is strange for us.
We need to know how to choose the different class we prepare to learn.
We should adapt the new schedule of everyday's life and studying.
Moreover, we must change ourselves and get rid of some defects we have in order to make our own better and confident to face more difficult challenges in the next three years.
The first year of college life let me learn many important things or skills besides the knowledge in books, which is benefit of me in my future working and studying.
The first one is never give up when you fail to do something in any situation.
Through the difficulties and failures, you can learn lots of things that you can't learn in daily life.
Second, it's essential for anyone to get along well with your roommates and classmates.
A good friend may give your many helps in different ways more than your family members.
You can know lots of things from your friends.
Meanwhile, you should have a distinct striving target and make your best effort to reach it.
Target is crucial in your four year study in university, you have to realize what's your destination and how to get it, only in this way can you avoid loss about your whole life.
My first year life in university is like allegro.
It is painstaking but worthwhile; bitter but sweet; tiring but exciting.
My school is on the east of the city .
And now let me introduce it in detail.The school gate is on the south .
When you enter the gate ,the big garden first catches your eyes .
There are so many trees and beautiful flowers on the garden , and sometimes you can see many colorful butterflies fly through the flowers.
Then walk towards the garden ,you will see the Office Building , let us make the building as standard .
 Teaching Building are on the southwest of the Office Building .Science Building is on the southeast of the Office Building .There is a very big Paking Lot between the two buildings .There are always too many bike on the place everyday .
A Gymnasium is on the south of the Science Building .
On the west of the Gymnasium ,there is a Basketball Court ,and every afternoon so many boys play basketball there .
The Playground is on the southwest of the Basketball Court .And on the west of the place ,there are 2 dormitories .
So many students live in there .
With the rapidly development of the society, various competitions are becoming more and more increasingly fierce.
I think the meaning of life is not to focus on the results you get, but those processes that you did not concern.
Whether in school or in life, we become more purposeful, For example, every time we try to learn English language, like reading ,listening, writing.
Admittedly ,the reason why we strive hard to learn English is just for the good scores like A in exams.
We saw scores rather than the process of learning English , so that we are ignoring the great charm and the joy of processess of learning English .
Sometimes life is also like climbing mountains ,when we really reached the summit of the mountain ,we will suddenly find that what really makes us feel more happiness of physical and spiritual is our process of climbing .
In the process of climbing , we were able to see more beauty and something magical .
In this lesson ,I really understand the meaning of this paradox :hold fast ,and let go .
I am very happy to receive your letter.
I know, you are very interested in my college.
So I will tell you about our college especially place.
It is my pleasure that I can help you.
Firstly, I want to show you simple introduction of my college.
Our college name is "changchun institute of technology" college.
And my college located the changchun, I like this place very much.
Because, there have very beautiful sights in winter.
Secondly our college is not too big.
Neverthless we has what every college had.
We have so many major.
And I major in automation, I like my subject.
Last but not least, I really want to tell my college most important building, the library of YiFu.
Our library is one of the most famous in changchun.
So we have so much good books and quietly atmosphere to study.
So I would like to study in our library.
If you come to my college, I really want to take you to my library.
Mabye our college is not good than your university, but we have our characteristics.
So I am very glad to invite you to my college.
First of all,thank you for giving me the chance to speak.Now allow me to introduce myself.
My name is J.I want to take an active part in English club ,getting on well with schoolmates.
a very easygoing boy and I have no difficulty in speaking English.One of my favourite hobby is help others when they need somebody to give their a hand!
If I can become one of the member I will help schoolmates to improve their English.
is very important for us to learn English well.Because,English can not only improve our knowledge but also can help us when we communicating with each others.I want to set up an English corner ,in which who want to speak English well can benifit alot from English corner.I think it is a good chance to learn English and you will be interested in English.
There is no doubt that learn English is very interesting.
Please choose me.I can help you and we will becom good friends!
That is all.Thank you!
Dear Mike.
I'd like to tell you something about my trip to the UK.
I think I really experience culture shock.
There is so much here that is different from home.
First is the food.
There are many international restaurants in London.
But there are not so much food like China.
And I have to eat eggs with a few slices of toast for breakfast over here.
Second, the building.
Most of buildings in London are modern and fashion.
It confirm the develop and progress of London.
But also, there are many old buildings.
So the buildings in London are diversified.
They can combine perfect.
Third, the person.
I find lots of British is open and clear.
They can chat happily though you are a stranger to him.
But the Chinese are less outgoing.
So you will have a good mood and feel happy.
That's the culture shock and impression of British in my heart.
I hope you can find it in your mind one day.
My mother is good-looking in my eyes.
She is in her early four-ties.
She has light black eyes and long straight hair.She is pretty tall.
She is very enthusiastic, friendship and kind-hearted.She always give the favours to neighbours who are suffering from the hunger and poverty.
What's more ,As she watched the moving film,her eyes filled with tears .The same ,she is also very humorous .
We often get the giggles by the jokes which made by my mother.
It's very happy in my family .
My mother does business about twenty years .Not only she is very satisfied with it,but also get along well with it .
In memories.Over the years ,we have always lived apart until now .Mostly,we keep in touch each other by telephone and letters .
So I missing her very much all the time .She is also easy-going .
We can talk each other as a friend .
We often talk many things in all aspects .
We haven't privacy and keep faith each other .
After I achieved studies success , more encourages were given by her all the time .
From many aspects , As a mother ,she is successful .I value myself on her .
With the fast-growing population in China,more and more universities have been expanding their enrollment.Does it a blessing or a curse?In my opinion, it is a blessing for universities in China to expand their enrollment.
For one thing,considering our current situation,our country being a large population of nearly one billion,the problem of"difficulty in going to college"seems particularly crucial to us.At the same time,we can't ignore the fact that a growing number of children have a better chance to go to school owing to the rapid development of China.It is not easy for them to get through the courses from the kindergarten to the high school.Should they deserve to stop it at that instead of going to the university just because of limited enrollment?It is unfair to them.In this respect,I am strongly in favor of universities' expansion of enrollment.Because of the policy,the proportion of high school graduates going to college has been increasing.What's more,for the benefit of society,it can cultivate a great variety of brilliant people for the need of society.
For another,for the sake of the individual,being admitted into the university means having better opportunities to take hold in the society compared with those who don't go to the university.This may be my one-sided view.But nine times out of ten,it is true when applied to the society.Consequently,expanding enrollment is a means of letting more adolescent receive college education,In the university,they are exposed to various colorful activities,academic performances and collision of thoughts.
As a result,they are capable of generating their own ideas and grow up more mature,which lays a solid foundation for their future.Generally speaking,acquiring a little more education has more or less advantage for us.
As the saying goes,"all man are created equal.
"We hold this truth to be self-evident to some degree.That's why we have no business,let alone other people or groups,depriving teenagers of the right to receive a college education.It seems to me that universities in China expand their enrollment to grant those who want to continue to get a higher education a stage to fulfill their dreams.
The university of Beijing has a long history.
And the university is beautiful and large.
There are many students all over the world study here.
And the teachers are quite knowledgeable.
The life in Beijing is fast and convenient.
The people here are also friendly and enthusiastic.
I'm sure you can get along well with them.
I will help you if you have any problem during your study in Beijing.
I also wish you can find your study method and get a good grade.
I have many hobbies,such as planting flowers,swimming,running,eating delicious food and so on.
I like running best.Because it not only can make me healthy but also it's easy to do.I frequently running for the weekend with my sister or my brother.And I sometimes go swimming in indoor poor.
In the future,I hope to be a running player when I grow up.My parents are proud of me.I believe I can success,because I am confidant in myself.
When it comes to my college life,I think of two words.one is colorful,the other peaceful.They are used to describe my college life in different periods.
I still remember the first day I set foot in this college.Buildings were surrounded by many trees.Fashionable dressings were here and there.What I saw was really fresh.My college life began with fresh.
Gradually,it turned to be colorful.
Time spent at a university is a most worthwhile period in a young persors life.This is a time when a student begins to form his or her ideas about life in general.Attending classes and studying in te library keep astudent busy and provide him or her with access to valuabie information,adding to his or her knowledge base.
During the time a student spends at university,be not only develops his intellectual ahilites,healso develop social skills as knowledge and wisdom necessary for choosing a future career.By learning how to balance intense study and recreation,a student will be well prepared for the challenges offuture responsibilities.
I am very happy that I was admitted in the beautiful college.Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
So I must make my university life become more meaningful.
At the same time,I want to join in some clubs so that I can improve my ability.
I will work hard because I want to get a scholarship.If I don't think about my future,I can't have one.
Besides,I think I will make more friends ,and try my best to help them.
Things don't happen.Things are made to happen.
Nothing in the world is difficult unless you put your heart into it.Running,small universe!
I prefer travelling alone to travelling with a companion.
There are few reasons.
Firstly, I will become a better decision maker.
Travelling by myself, I will be more independence, because I can make my own decisions.
Travelling solo was an exciting and interesting experience in my life.
Each time I could learn the different information.
Secondly, it forces me to tackle that language barrier.
I can improve my English and I even can learn the local language.
Although English is the most popular language all over the world, local languages are also important, because they are the traditional cultures.
Thirdly, it offers great flexibility.
Weather is one of the biggest problems in the travelling, because I cannot avoid the bad climate.
If tomorrow is going to rain, I just can stay in the hotel and to plan my next day's route.
But if I am in a package tour, the activities will not be stopped.
Maybe some people prefer travelling to with a companion travelling alone.
Because they can share food and clothing, it will cost less than travelling solo.
But money is not the problem; the most important one is the mood.
Secondly, they may forge a lifelong friendship with your travel companion.
In my opinion, travelling with a stranger is a pretty terrible thing that is why I had ever chosen the package tour.
From these points though travelling with a companion is also a good way, I even like travelling on my own.
If you choose the way to travelling alone, you will learn a lot about yourself at an individual.
Hello, my good friend.
I heard that you are interested in my school, our school has a lot of good place, but I'd like to introduce you the library, because I think the library is the symbol of a school building, and literature.Thank you for your last letter asking about our library.
Our library locates between the teaching building and our garden.
The shape of it seems to be a book to welcome our students.
it's open from Monday to Friday ,and we can borrow the books from 9:00a.m.
to 9:00p.m.
There are many books available in our library ,dealing with almost every subject.
Not only the books, but also the magazines can be read here.
You may borrow up to five books at a time, and keep them for at most ten days.
Due to the library , we are offered a place to gain as much knowledge as we can.
you are interested in it, welcome to our library, and I'll show you around.
In today highly developed information time,there are kinds of different ways for students to get information such as Internet.
In the Internet,you can use a search engine such as google find what you want to know including sports,music,science and so on.
Compared with that,in the classroom,only the message which teachers tell to us can be spread.
Someone thinks college students learn more from the Internet than from the classroom because students' imagination may be boxed by classroom and teachers.
In my opinion,learning in the classroom is necessary.
In the Internet ,there are not only leaning materials which can expand our horizon,but also much junk information which waste our time to read even make us do some mistakes.
The knowledege we learn in the classroom is chosen by teachers which can give us thought and helps.
That's irreplaceable.
Therefore,I support college students learn more from the classroom than from the Internet.
I hear you have been broken with your friend Mary.
I know you was very sad .
I think you should talk with friends and stay with them to get on well.
After then you should forgive each other.
And share pleasure,anger,sorrow and joy with your friends.
Not afraid of life is not good and they were afraid to not good name.I have a good name and I love it.So I won't change my name,it will bring lucky to me!
We are very busy on Wednesday.Look at the boy next to the table.He is me.I am doing my homework.Look at the woman is my mother and she is also writing,but she isn't doing homework.She is writing letters to her friends.Look at my father.He is sitting on the armchair and reading newspapers.Where is my brother?Oh,he is watching television and doing his science homework.
Because of the family planning policy,our China enter the aging fast of development period.many old people face a lot of problem,such as nobody care of them ,it is not easy for them to live ;mental lonely and unhappy .
As the growth of age disease also will growth, their spiritual needs .
That's the reason why the old people feel lonely and unhappy.
As far as I am concerned there are some reasons why old man feel lonely and unhappy.
Firstly, their children didn't pay much attention to take care of their parents; secondly ,inadequate protection of the policy ,our country was a typical of old before rich ,our government can't safeguard people's life but they enact the family planning policy .Thirdly the social helping have some problem.Now we should take action to care the old people.
In a word , the government should take some measure to protecting the life of the elderly.
the children also need to care of their parents no mater of the spirit or material.
As we can see from the picture, a boy is leading a sedentary life in a snail-like room with a computer and a mobile phone around and is paying 5 yuan for his takeaway food.
What the picture reflects is a common phenomenon in the younger generation.
Some young men trap themselves and do not want to step out the room.
Many factors contribute to this problem.
First, with the development of Internet, more and more people are absorbed in computer games or movies and do not want to move out.
Second, the development of food delivery service makes it convenient for young people to ask for takeaway food.
Third, many young people are becoming lazier because of being spoiled by their parents.
The effects of this phenomenon could be serious for it is both physically and mentally harmful to the young.
Shutting themselves in the room all day round, their health condition will be worse because of lack of exercise.
Besides, they may feel lonely and disconnected with the society because of lack of interpersonal communication.
As for me, I am strongly against such a behavior and I would like to present some countermeasures to deal with this problem.
First, young people should realize the negative impact of such a life style and take the initiative to go out.
Second, parents should pay more attention to their children's feelings and communicate with them regularly.
Finally, schools should encourage students to take an active part in campus and social activities and have more face-to-face communication with people around them.
Some of us think that it is better to see the film than to read the original work.
Now,many literary workshave been made into a movie,so it has a view.But I don't think so.While watching the film more time,you caneasily understand,look very interesting,but the original will be the details of the story to be described,beautiful language.
In my opinion,it's better to be in the original than the film.
This term,our English class made a new rule,we could make a group learn English.
Some class think it is good to learn English, They think they can learn English better by helping each other, they think they can learn more in English class.But others disagree about it, they think it could not be better learning English by making a group, sometimes they think they could talk more in English class,and it may influence their English grades.
In my opinion,I think we could feel comfortable sometimes by making a group,but I think it may have a limit to talk with other students,and we maybe lost some times to have a talk with other people,I think we could get more feelings as time goes by,and we could have more thoughts about it.
My parents gave me a mobile phone as a gift when I entered college.Since then it has become one of my most valuable possessions.It stays with me wherever I go.
The brand of my mobile phone is "	Motorola",whose logo "M" is carved above my screen.My mobile phone is a cuboid chequered with black and silver.
In fact,it has two layers connected by a thick shaft.One layer is the screen,the other layer is a keypad.Judged from its exterior, my mobile phone is just like a little computer.Meanwhile, its functions are also like a computer.With the exception of functions as calling,texting, music,camera and others which are possessed by normal mobile phones,my mobile phone can surf the internet, download software,novels and movies,do video calling and offer dictionary to the language study.Besides, the touch panel and the keypad help me type more quickly.
I have used my mobile phone for 2 years,during which he has offered me great conveniences as I have listed.I'm pride of my mobile phone since he is an amazing and lovely friend in my life!
First of all, I would like to say that everybody has his or her own idea in choosing their career and I respect it.
Secondly, I'll spare no effort to follow my path in being a musician.
You may likely be astonished by my choice, however,I'll show you the reason why I eventually chose to be a musician.
When I was a little boy, I was told that I had to focus on my study and be the first,but as we boys ,I had always wanted to hang out with my friends and do whatever we liked.
As a result, I hated the endless homework as well as going to school.
I was absolutely freaking out, then I decided to play ER HU before long.
As time goes by, I gradually recognized the importance of music.
You can never imagine how deeply music has affected me.
When I felt that I was likely to drown in the darkness,it was the music that led me out of the dark.
When I felt that I could hardly find the place to pour out,it was the music that give me consolation.
Dancing with the music can not only make me feel that it was like a spring pours into my heart, but also let me know that I can do something meaningful.
Also, thank to this unforgettable experience, I've learned that we shouldn't blame, laugh at and envy anyone.
We should be colorful in the sunshine, run in the winds and rains, dream your own dreams and go your own way.
Now, I am in college, and I can do whatever I like,so I choose to be a musician when I am graduate.
I'll spread a little cheer into each corner of the world, so, if I have to choose, I'll say that I have no regret to be a musician.
From the picture,we can see an old woman sitting in front of the mirror and feeling lonely as her child isn't accompanied with her.Actually,the phenomenon of aged people staying at home alone is becoming more and more general with the development of the society.More and more aged people are left at home bacause their child goes out to work.
Even if young people have to earn money to support their family so that they can survive in this cruel society.However,it's not the excuse to leave our parents alone at home because they are the our closest people in this world.They need us.What's more,though they are old,having no energy to make jokes with us,however, they still miss us no matter where we are.Besides,if a person becomes older and older,he or she may have difficulties to deal with many things.So,we had better to go home to visit them or take time to travel with them,making them happier and unlonely any more.
In brief,one of the reason that the aged people feel lonely is that we overlook them,so we need to concern about them regularly.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
There are many activities we can choose.
I have taken several activities such as sports and watching English movie.
By doing sports, I can keep my body healthy and make my body stronger.
I also like watching English movie because I can improve my English.
Although it is difficult for me to watch movie in English but I try my best to understand it .
So my English improve immediately .
I have some advice about it.
We should choose activities that are beneficial to the health of body and mind.
For example, sports and activities that are connected with study or communicate.
The person I admire most is Mao Zedong.He was the first chairman of the new China.He is not only a far-sighted strategist,but also a gifted poet.When I was a child,I always read his poem.They make me excited.
Of course,that's not the only reason why I admire him.
His outstanding military ability enabled him to lead the Red Army to get out of difficulties.He made a lot of compassionate people policy,and combating corruption.Therefore the Communist Party was welcomed by the civilian.
Because of his enormous impact, Mao is regarded as one of the most important figures in the modern world history,and was named one of the 100 most influential people of the 20th century by Time magazine.
Even though he did many wrong decision in his old age.He still is an excellent hero.So I admire him.
There are many kinds of examinations today.For example , oral exam, interview, examinations given by our teachers ,and so on.
As students, we are familar with the examinations.From primary schools to universities, we have gone through sorts of examinations.Usually the score will decide us whether go further study or not.
Examination, testing our actual situation, to see what problems we are learning there.
Even though it had a lot of pressure, but since time immemorial, we have been using tests to detect, we can see, in addition to examinations, we have not yet worked out a more subtle way than it.
So, I think we are now in addition to exam efforts, those who resist are not and will not have any good results, of course, if you can work out a more close examination of the way than the words.
Actually.
few of us admit that examinations can contribute anything really important to the students' academic development.
If that's the case.
Chinese Spring Festival has gone.
My family were very pleased.
On the morning of the festival, we got up very early.
We prepared many special things to get ready for spending the important day.
We swept away the floor, cleaned the house and prepared for the dinner.
In the evening, I had a big meal together with my parents and my grandparents.
After dinner, we chatted happily and played Poker.
Then we watched TV for Spring Festival Gala.
We stayed up very late that day to celebrate the new lunar year.
At twelve o'clock, we ate the dumplings which contained different filling and said many blessed words to relations.
As community develops vigorously, there is an undesirable tendency that an overwhelming number of people become increasingly burdensome to get employed.
To make it worse, a majority of them would rather get their employments changed and they prefer taking temporary jobs.
There are numerous differences of view on it.
First and foremost, the public believes that they are qualified to better occupations.
Therefore, they will, undoubtedly, take another jobs which they think they can do it efficiently.
Nevertheless, it is taking temporary jobs that render them unable to get enough opportunities to get promotion successfully or acquire beneficial experiences for their future, which is detrimental to them .
Needless to say, it is universally acknowledged that it take us much tome to get another temporary employment.That is to say, taking temporary jobs is equal to digging our own graves.
If we can struggle to work eminently and keep on current jobs , we will make a difference sooner or later.
To sum up , never do I remain suspicious of the view that the disadvantages of taking temporary jobs outweigh the disadvantages.
Welcome to this year's English speech competition.The topic this year is "The English Novel I Like Best".For better performance in the competition,the competitors should take notice of some requirements.Everyone shall make the speech in five minutes.Fluent words and correctly pronunciation will be beneficial to earn higher score.
As far as I'm concerned,the competition can provide a channel through which we can promote our listening and speaking abilities of English as well as developing the habit of reading.What's more,we can gain more friendship through contesting and communication.
In the end,I wish the competitors will give us wonderful speeches and the competition will come to an end successfully.
I miss you very much.
Recently our school English newspaper want a passage, which introduces something about the America.
So...can you do me a favor?
Your passage will be published on the column "FOREIGN CULTURE" on our school newspaper.It is a column that brings us many interesting things about foreign countries and shows us the difference between China and foreign countries.
We are keen to know those things.
You needn't write down too much words, for about 400 words is great.
I will wait for your fantastic passage till June 28th.
The woman who loves me most is my mother,the woman who gives me the most thing is my mother,the woman who always wants me to get sucess is my mother.
Mother love is warm and great and they do not want you to return anything.
Most of us growed up with mother love.In my childhood.When I get ill,mother was the first person to send me to the hospital;when I want to buy toys ,mother would tell me that I should learn to save money and then buy many toys I wanted;when I do something wrong,such as make the house be a mass,mother would give me a big lesson.
Now I'm 21 years and had go to the college.That means I have less time to stay with my mother,she calls me every day to ask me about my health and tells me to take care about myself.Perhaps I am always a child in her eyes.
When we are in school,when we are on travel,when we are on word,do not forget your mother.They need us just like we want to get more money.So, we should give our mother more love.
I helped my mother do so many chores last weekends.
At 7:00 a.m.I got up early.
Then I made my bed.
I made breakfast.
About my elder brother at 7:30.
After breakfast,I did the dishes then I wash many clothes at8:00.
My brother was playing computer game while Iwas clearing my living room.
In the afternoon,I threw down my homework and cooked.
I cleaned my living room and took out the rubbish.
In the evening, my mother was come from the work.
She saw this clean and tidy surprise her.
Finally,Although I was tired,I felt happy.
High school and university life both part of my life's,they play both important role in my life.Today I want to put my finger on the difference between my high school life and university,and after my careful consideration,I find out there big differences between them.
First of all,The most difference is the way of teaching and learning.At high school,we used to doing what the teachers required,such as reciting essays,finishing homework,and doing many papers.Actually,this is so boring.In contrast,now we must be active in learning at college,we can dominate most of spare time and there is sufficient freedom for us to study and to do something what we like.
The second difference is that in high school we may live in a dependent environment,we stay together with our parents or relatives.But in university there are students from all around the country,so we may attach more important to learning how to live independently and make decisions on ourselves.It's a challenge for us as well as an opportunity to help us to grow up.
Last but not least,it couldn't be neglected that there is an obvious distinction between the two lifestyles.While at high school,our goals may be limited and the plan may be dim,the university entrance examination serves as the center of everything.But when we become a university student,we must set a specifics goals as early as possible and make our plans clear enough,not only for several exams but also for our future.Only in this way we can find our position and enrich our life.
I love my high school and university life,they are all my valuable experiences,so we should take a positive attitude and pursuit a meaningful life.
today present, there are two different views on English learning in China.
The first view is that they should enhance their English learning, because they think that learning English can learn advanced technology, which is conducive to international exchanges, and can be more clearly understood the culture of the west.
And the second view is that we should put light English learning, because they think that learning English is a big effect of low, not to use and mainly in order to cope with exams.
December 5th is arriving which is called the International Volunteering Day.
More and more people have been joining into the team of volunteer, and I am also one of them.
I strongly believe that volunteering can bring us benefits.
First of all, volunteering really has contribution to both people and society.
There is no doubt that volunteers help people in need, do some charities and serve the public affairs.
They require nothing but give the enjoyment of happiness along the way.
They not only do some things while they have tasks, but also serve as volunteers willingly in daily life.
What they have done do an important contribution to society harmony.
In addition, volunteering can help us both psychologically and physically.
Being able to help others makes us feel good, providing us with a sense of spiritual fulfillment which helps to reduce stress.
One of the examples is that the university students who serve as volunteers will get a great chance to practical communication skills and get in touch with different kinds of people as well as broad horizon.
By serving as different kinds of volunteers, we are easier to understand ourselves and know in which fields we are interested.
What's more, volunteering also helps to improve our interpersonal skills.
We can understand people better and have better skills to motivate others and to deal with difficult situations in collaboration with people of different personalities in our volunteer work.
All in all, volunteering is not a tiny word, but needs great actions.
Some people may have said that this kind of work is nonsense and waste our time.
But I still have the view that we can gain a lot from it and it really to do so.
If you never try it, you will never how much it benefits your life.
Hello everyone, I am D. I come from S. My home town is C. I love C very much.
I graduated from F University.
I major in English.
My hobby is sing songs and play computer games, and I am good at singing.
I like sports too.
I am outgoing and have patient to help someone.
In the college class, I served as the monitor of the class.
So I am very good at communicating with people.
Of course,I have leadership skills.
I can adjust the contradiction between the students very well.
Recently, our class is facing the group cooperative learning problems .There are different opinions among people as to group cooperative learning.
Some people suggest that group cooperative learning is novel.Ang the traditional classroom form change.Everything has two sides,some people say that cooperative learning group tends to decline, because the members of the team have different levels of mutual illumination effects.
As far as I am concerned,I agree with the latter opinion to some extent.
I think that group cooperative learning not suitable for our class.We have been learning in the traditional classroom environment, the new way is not strange to us, but we can not adapt to this way, so I think that cooperative learning is not good.
Because we are unique identities,we often hold different ideas on many things.When we meet these cases,we should try our best to make things peaceful.
As far as I am concerned,I want to be a calm person,nonetheless I often so nervous to solve problems.After much time's experience,I try my best to calm down to listen to their opinions,then we can deal with our problems and pay our attention to themselves.
I will insist on my true opinion as I know I am in a right way.Actually we should trust our companions and concentrate our power on problems.
Everyone has a lot friends in his life,but usually only a little is indeed friend.There is a lack of socially acknowledged criteria for what makes a person a friend,but indeed friendship is based on goodness.
They must enjoy each other's company and share a commitment to the good .
As the saying goes,a friend in need is a friend indeed.Indeedfriend must go through trials and tribulations together.It was in a competition during my high school time that I failed down in the way to the way to the end.My best friend ,Ying,who should be the winner in the competition ,saw me failed.So she slowed down her pace and looked back to me .It was so pain for me to stand up,helpless and sad occurred to me at that moment.But all of a sudden,a hand appeared in front of my eyes.It's Ying!There is no doubt I was moved deeply by her.
No two persons can accept each other and become friends until each has proved to the other that he is worthy of love,and so won his trust.
In th end of my high school,we had quantities of time to talk about the past three years.During the talking ,one of my classmate said that there is a classmate spoke short of me in front of other people .She is on no purpose,but me in mind.Then Ying told me it was two years ago that my desk-mate spoke short of me in front of my other good friend.Ying knew everything but she didn't tell me anything because she wants me to live a happy and purity high school time .
She does do a lot to me .As a friend, she is so succeeded to the friendship ,and I will take pleasure to using a whole life to string along with her.
With the time going by,I know more about friendship.Friendship is a magnificent building I built on the foundation of friendship.It takes time to blossom.It takes a lot of understanding,loads of sharing and caring to become what it's today.Only in this way can we develop indeed friendship.
Sometimes human beings can do something very wrong with no idea about it.For example,destroying the environment around us.When it comes to what we are doing to nature,many people use the word "exploitation",but in fact,it's "over-exploitation",or "devastation".
So we can find that we are in total ignorance.It's so terrible since we don't even know the consequences we are causing when we are the victims.We are not only responsible for our doings for these terrible consequences,but also responsible for the ignorance of our actions.
Almost every one knows we need clean air, almost every one knows sharks is endangered,and almost every one loves animals.But why are there still so many people cutting down trees,having shark fin and wearing furs?Yaeh,they are in complete ignorance in actions.They don't know what's gonna take place when they do something that looks so normal.
Above all,ignorance in action is to blame.We do need to be aware of what we are doing.
Nowadays,there is a widespread concern over mobile phone.In fact, there are both advantages and disadvantages in mobile phone.
As for me,it is widely believed there are seveal positive aspects as follows.Firstly,it is convenience for us to keep in touch with parents and friends.And secondly,it can inscrease our enjoyment.
Just as a popular saying goes,"every coin has two sides",mobile phone is no execption.
To begin with ,when we are playing mobile phone, we can not pay attention to the teacher.
What is more, other student is influenced by you.
In addition, as a junior student,chatting or sending messages not only waste time but also waste money.
There is no doubt that studying is harmed by playing game and cheating.
To sum up, the best way to treat the mobile phone is do not play it when you have lesson.
Do not play game and cheat by it.
More importantly, mobile phone is personal valuables,so we should protect it from stealing by other people.
Having won the 67th Oscars in 1995,Frankenstein is an extraordinary science fiction.The film was directed by Kenneth Branagh who also played one of the two main characters---the young scientist Victor Frankenstein.The other main character---the monster was played by Bobert De Niro.
The story is about creating life.Victor Frankenstein'mother dies when she bears her second son.Victor is so sad that he determines to find out the way to bring a dead body back to life to resurrect his mother.While studying in university,Victor discovers the secret of creating life.Then he puts parts of dead bodies together and creates a huge,ugly monster.The monster is kind at first,but people all dislike him because of his terrifying appearance.After he loses his only friend,an old blind man who is the only one likes the monster, the monster becomes angry and sorrowful and begins to hate his creator Frankenstein.Then the monster begins to take revenge on Frankenstein.In order to destroy the monster,Frankenstein chases him to the Arctic Pole but dies there with his creature.
The film raises a question to everyone:if the science technology is developed enough,can human be the ruler of the world and fight against the nature?As the power that human have becomes stronger and stronger, how to use our power and deal with the relationship between human and the nature becomes a serious problem.The answer may be found in Frankenstein.
In a word, Frankenstein is a great sci-fi film with a meaningful theme and is really worth watching.
Hello, I am Yria.
My school is big and beautiful .
These are the classroom .
There are twenty-eight classrooms.
Our classroom is on the forth floor.
There is a dance room behind our classroom.
There is a computer room, we have computer lesson here.
There is a chess too, we have chess lesson here.
They are on the forth floor.
There are two art rooms.
They are on the third floor.
There is a science room.
It's on the second floor.
There is a library .
There is a music room.
There is a Work & Technology room.
They are on the first floor.
I love my school.
This is person is my best friend,in other word, my soul-mate,who I can tell my everything like my deeply feelings and thoughts to.
But we was not become acquainted with each other when we began to go to school.
The first time I saw her, she looks more like a boy than a girl with short yellow hair, neutral shoes,and a suit of casual clothes.
The sight of her made me have no courage to say hello to her, because I felt that there is a special aura around her.
One occasion, I found that we have much in common on interests and hobbies, even in goals, dreams, values and beliefs.
Whenever we were together, I feel very happy and carefree.
She is witty, aggressive, generous, self-motivated and having a strong interpersonal skill, which makes her become one of the most popular people in our dormitory.
There is no doubt that she is a reliable friend.
I really do like having friendships with person I can connect without too many words.
Honesty means speakingthe truth and being fair and upright in act.
He who lies and cheats is dishonest.
: Those who gain fortunes not by hard labour but by other means is dishonest.
Honesty is a good virtue.
If you are honest all the time,you'll be trusted and respected by others.
A liar is always looked down upon and regarded as a black sheep by the people around.
Once you lie, people will never believe you even if you speak the truth.
However, in the tide of commodity economy today, it seems that more and more people believe in money at the sacrifice of honesty.
To them, among such things as health, beauty, m6ney, intelligence, honesty, reputation and talent, honesty is the only thing that can be east away.
They don't understand or pretend not to understand that honesty is the biggest fortune humans own, and that it is the prerequisite for doing everything well.
I think these people areto be pitied.
In short, honesty is gold.
Honest, your reputation will become great;dishonest, your name will be spoiled and your personality degraded.
Therefore, we should never make such an excuse as "A little dishonesty is only a trifle thing.
We should eradicate immediately the seed of dishonesty once it is sowed in our minds.
Nowadays some university campus is popular with such a phenomenon--students are become more and more focus on the brand.
In this case,there are a lot of people consider it's wrong.
Personally,I am in favor of this point of view.First and foremost,on the one hand,it is well known that brand name products have its own advantages like the excellent quantity and beautiful appearances,I won't doubt it.But on the other hand,they are more expensive than the other same products that without brand.Besides,it's really not a good thing that a competition occurs between classmate,some students will feel self-abased if he don't have some brand name products,because someone have will laugh at him,it is extremely unnetcessary.Last but not least,it's also a waste of money to buy many brand name products and it will leave pressure to parents.
In short,we shouldn't excessive pursuit of brand.
I'm not a cook, but a food lover.
Although I am a little lazy, sometimes I also cook some dishes to satisfy my own stomach.
Because I like eating fish very much, the Fish Filets in Hot Chili Oil is my adept dish.
Firstly, we should kill a fish, clean it and take it sliced.
The fish fillets with the little salt, the cooking wine, the peanut butter and the ginger, pickles 15 minutes.
Then we need to boil a small pot of water, and put the fish filets into the pot and put salt according to individual taste.
Secondly, we need to ready a wok filling with oil.
After the oil heat, we need to put a triple scoop of soybean paste to explode the fragrance, and add the ginger, the garlic, the onion, a little pepper and the chili powder.
Waiting for three minutes, we should put the pot water into the oil wok.
Ather the water boiling, we need put the fish fillets into the wok piece by piece.
And move it with the chopsticks for five minutes, then close the fire.
Thirdly, we need to take a clean pot, and put into the oil.
Meanwhile, we need a bowl of soup that it fills with bean sprout and other materials.
After the oil heat, we should put the bowl of soup into the pot.
Then, put the fish fillets in the wok into the pot.
When the hot pepper color changes quickly, closes the fire immediately.
The dish will be finished.
In a word, doing dishes is not difficult.
It is the key that you need to have enough patient and interest.
Cooking really is a art, I hope that everyone can have more interests in it.
Today is Saturday,i climbed mountain with my sister in the morning,then we ate breakfast.
In the afternoon,I went shopping with my mother ,we bought five T-shirts and shots,and we went to eatsome dessert in Manji Tianping.We take a walk after dinner.
I am doing my English homework and take care of my little brother now!This is my free time,what a busy day.
In our English class.
In this topic, forty percent of my pupils thought that animals should be kept in zoos.
First, they thought that if we keep animals in zoos, we can know different kinds of animals easily, because we don't need to find them in the other places.
Second, animals may be taken good care of by the breeders in the zoos.
It's much safer for them to live in the zoos than in the wild.Also,they can live a comfortable life here.
But the rest of my pupils thought that we shouldn't keep animals in the zoos.
First, they thought that animals like to live in the wild more than in the zoos.
And they will enjoy the natural beauty there.
Second, if animals live in the cages, they can't be easy moving.
It is cruel for them.
In my opinion, I think animals shouldn't live in the zoos because they can improve their living skills in the wild.
So that we should try our best to protect them.
We must stop people from killing them, and we can make more nature reserves for them to live in.
They are our obligations.
Now more and more people use the computer, and most of them rely on the internet.
True, the power of the Internet is all pervasive and its many negative effects are already visible.
But it can make people become lazy.
And it is not good for our health.
I think, in one hand,internet is useful for us, but relying on internet do harm for us.
We should keep a proper distance with internet.
Maybe some people can't do that.
So we should write a system to spy peoples' time on the internet.
If they suffer on the internet too long, the system can cut off the net right now.
It's a workable way to help people.
As I know, a software of Tencent can do that.
For example if someone spend a lot of time on QQ game, the software will prevent him.
In view of all this, you are advised to use the Internet with wisdom.
Keep it at a safe distance and never lose yourself.
I always remember the saying that "education is that which remains, if one has forgotten everything he learned in school"-and that, perhaps will be the doctrine through my whole life time towards education.
If one has already learned the fundamentals of school subjects and as well as learned to think and work independently, he will surely success in other areas.
'Just like a young man, if he has trained his muscles and physical endurance by gymnastics, he will later be fitted for every physical work.
'It is also true for intelligent training.
Except for training the suitability for work society, being educated also contribute to a more harmonious personality.
We get skills through being educated as well as getting spirit and virtue.
We bring our inborn things out as well as learning facing to difficulties.
We learn some more important things such as respect and love to individuals.
We know the highest possession of the man, the value of the man, should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is going to receive.
And that, in my opinion, is the most valuable part of being educated; that, is the result should the education be.
In retrospect, my interest for literature freshly awakened in high school.
As a student majoring in science without any attachment to art and literature during my adolescence, I rarely respected it, doubting the power of stirring one's heart and asserted that literature was inutile.
Generally, it must be difficult for me, who is a stubborn boy, to cultivate the love for literature, but today I deeply appreciate literature thanks to my Chinese teacher who renders me intrigued to discover the beauty of literature.
We occasionally attach importance to literature owing to the pursuit of excitement.
In the first lesson, our attitudes towards Chinese exposed directly when my teacher found our incuriosity from our lolling on our seat.
Therefore, she aired her views on the far-reaching influence of literary accomplishments, which never appealed to me.
Finally, she proclaimed that we finish a review weekly as a compulsory training.
This sort of assignment should not become an ordeal, if our teacher had not contradicted it and demanded interesting and original review.
My style of instantly reviewing failed, which was summarizing and explicating.
How to make most of my poor writing skills worried me.
Newly but idly turning the pages, I thought it insurmountable to generate perfect ideas.
In the past, my practice was merely to pick a part depicting vividly and then casually reviewing, but now I had to originate a new style of my review.
Since I had neither read nor skimmed the book attentively, I felt quite strange.
Therefore, I turned to the last but one paragraph, and then last but two.
This insatiable curiosity lured me to observe titles, characters, interaction between author and readers and then what motivates the man to sacrifice himself.
Vivid expression came out from paper and aroused my interest.
Hence, when turning to my homework, I shortly blurted out ideas on a specific topic - his sacrifice for the sake of the benefit of his beloved.
I having devoured a literary book, that brief experience set a threshold.
My teacher's direction was not merely limited to that.
A week later, I obtained a delightful score from my teacher, but what impressed me more was her comment.
Not only did she demonstrate her opinions, but also addressed questions in order to motivate me to give further thought.
In conclusion, I found that externally dreary things hide their intrinsic beauty which merely expose to those who takes a keen interest to uncover, which was how my teacher edified me.
Psychologically, it is impossible to instill the love for literature readily to a child who takes no interest, but if guided properly, he may spark the interest naturally.
In this way, directions can play a pivotal role in cultivating an interest.
Take my teacher and me for example.
In our daily life,sharing is a good habit.
One day I read a book about interesting stories at home.Suddenly my mother appeared and asked me what I was reading.And then I shared this book with her,and we began to read together.At last we even spent the whole afternoon to reading,and we all have a good time.I think sharing books with your parents can improve your relationship and you can be more happier than reading books alone.
Uwe Scholz,master of classical and modern dance.He is a man whose life can't stop dancing and a man is responsible for making sure that the Leippzig Ballet survived.Uwe devoted almost his whole life to his ballet.
There are few persons doing one thing until dead like him.There are lost of people like him who get great achievements.But few of them have a poor life like him.All of them are talents in their own field.It is rare to find such a genius nowadays.A poor genius did everything he can to reach his dream,whatever had happened.
It seems to me that it is unnecessary for Uwe Scholz to spend his life studying ballet.He can move to other counties whose dance environment is better,which can provide better life to support him write ballet.
'People survive after illegal migration,but not for trees'If Uwe Schole read these two sentences before,it will be easy to go on.
Private cars have some advantages.First,it makes travel easier.We can go to some close places in weekends.And with the development of technology, cars is becoming more and more comfortable to ride.It's very convenient for us.
But on the other side,cars also have some disadvantages.The most important one is air pollution.There are masses of hazardous substance in the automobile exhaust.Such as carbon monoxide,sulfur dioxide,solid particles and so on.They are not only bad for the environment ,but also for our health.
In my opinion,the advantages can't be replaced.And we should develop the energy technology fast.To keep the sky blue is our common aspiration.
The story was set in the South America.
A reporter called Malone, a professor called Chenllenger who saw dinosaurs, another professor called Summerlee who didn't believe Chellenger and an adventurer called Lord John went to the lost world.
In the world they met huge tick, Iguanodons and many kinds of dinosaurs.
They were in danger many times by dinosaurs' attacks.
Then they became Ape-men's captives.
At last with stone-age men's help, the back to the simple world.
My favorite part of the book was "the tunnel to freedom" .
Summerlee became the captive.
The other people went to save him with Chellenger's balloon.
When they catch the balloon one by one.
I could not help laughing out with the picture.
At last they succeeded.
The book was a great book.
It is more than an adventure story.
It was written by Conan Doyle who was a great writer.
The book makes sense to us, especially lets me know the importance of friendship and what is the responsibility.
It improved our vocabulary, and the content was interesting and exciting.
It was really a great book.
Liu Wei,an armless piano player,has a very special experience.
Liu wei is my hero.
He lost his arms in an accident when he was 10.
He has a dream to become a piano player.
Although he was not have arms, he not give up.
He has a strong will and he has do a piano player dream.
Finally he realised his dream in 'China's Got Talent'.
I think it is worth learning.
Liu Wei is my hero.
(1).The Olympic Games will be held in our country,so the government will be building new hotels.By the end of next year,workers will have finished work on the new stadium and Kurt Gunter has the fantastic modern building.We are all very excited and are looking forward to The Olympic Games go up and The Olympic Games have never been held before in our country.
(2).Both my brother and I are going to the Olympic Games.
We bought ticket a long time ago and leaf soon.
We shall not only see the Games but visit many parts of country as well.
For reading have different views,some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.However, others believe we learn by doing.In my opinion,reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
For example,Helen keller's< Three Days to see  >.Helen KeIler, blind and deaf from infancy,gives her answer in this remarkable essay.In the article "Three Days to see",Helen Keller presented her positive and optimistical.She looks forward to fulling of hope with life in the future.
Influence on us is to learn that her strong spirit.Such as important events,she actually graduated from Harvard University in the blind and deaf world,she also set up a charitable organization.The book summary is she accepts life'challenges,give love to embrace the world.
So my view is reading a good book can change thought,have important impact to our life.l hope that we should cherish life.Besides,l plan in the future with a more positive attitude toward life,will become a useful person to society.
Hello every, I am glad to share my experiences about the prepare for tem4.different from high school study, there need more patience.
There are several keys to notice.
In all, this is my thought, hope that could help our pass the exam.
And thank you for your listening.
I am living in a needy family and my parents cannot afford me the best live as they are farmers.
But it inspires me that I should be better and more vigorous.
It is said that someone will get better thing if he desires the best one.
I tell to myself all the time that opportunity is equal to everyone no matter whether you are born in a poor city or a remote country, and what I should do is to try the best of my heart to become the best.
In 2009, there was an opportunity to be a volunteer of the 11th national sports meeting.
I couldn't recognize the reason why there were so many students thinking that it was a slim chance to become a member of volunteers and gave it up eventually.
But I believed I would make it.
I looked up lots of materials and improved myself to satisfy the requirements.
After gradually selected, I succeeded.
Everybody wants to be the best one in the world, to make more money, do the greatest things and be famous.
As long as I have tried my best, in my opinion, I am the best and it doesn't matter succeed or failure.
As everyone knows, there is nobody who can alter the weather though you hate raining days.
I am smiling all the time no matter what takes place.
I understand I have no power to change it and what I should do is get used to it.
Several days before 2009 summer holiday, I lost my computer and my wallet with 500yuan in it.
It moaned about 6000yuan, and you could think about what it moaned to a student.
At last, I cried.
But after a few minters later I smiled as I understood that I had to dwell continually.
Today when I recall this matter I smile as before.
Maybe it let me cry, but also makes me get used to live.
If it didn't happen, I couldn't become so optimistic.
I believe that I am not clumsy to others though I don't consider I am superior to them.
I will seize every chance to make me better and forget the result as it doesn't matter to everything.
That is me, a vigorous and optimistic boy.
With the intake expansion in Chinese Universities,there is no doubt that ist makes many students' the university dream comes true.However,it also brings about many problems.
Secondly,not enough teachers.With the number of the students more and more,it has not enough teachers to teach.A teacher will take responsibility for two or three classes,which will increase pressure.Also the teachers can't accord to their aptitude to teach them,which will lower the quality of the teaching.
Thirdly,the equipment of study is not enough.Owing to more and more students,it has not enough study equipment to afford,which will result in grabbing a seat,squeezing the library and so on.All these aren't beneficial for study.
The last but not least,hard to work.Due to the expanding of universities,the university's students are becoming more and more.Under the limited supply in the market,they will have less opportunism to find a job.It will appear"Employment shortage".In a nutshell,it will do harm to the development of the economic and increase the burden of the society.
There is no denying that the expanding of universities can help many students go into the university,but the problems they bring also can't be neglected.For solving these problems,I advise the speed of the expanding should slow.In this way can the university education become better and better.
The Mid-Autumn Festival was a popular festival,celebrated by the Chinese which was passed down from ancient times to the present.It was held on the 15th day of the eighth month in the lunar calendar.And it was so significant that we celebrated it every year.The day before the Mid-Autumn Festival,I always formed a plan for how to celebrate the festival.The majority of people chose to reunite with the whole family.A few people liked to travel for enjoying the scenery.On Mid-Autumn Festival's Day,I would go shopping with my mother.In the supermarket,we bought many vegetables and fruits for the dinner.In the afternoon,I was very busy because I had to help my mother prepare the dinner.After the sky got dark,the whole family would get together and eat dinner to celebrate the festival.When the moon rose up in the sky,we would watch the bright moon with eating moon cakes.I was so happy because I could stay with my families.How wonderful it was.
Learning is so crucial that we can't give up learning at any stages of our life.
At first, much knowledge will be rusty to us if we stop learning,resulting that we can't practice them well.
Secondly, the world is developing rapidly, the requiring for knowledge is changing, too.
In order to adjust to the change, we must take in new knowledge at anytime and anywhere.
To begin with, we should find a convenient access to get books we need, such as a library,s paper station and so on..
Besides, we can make full use of the Internet, of course, in a proper way.
Internet is a huge contain of knowledge, you can search out almost everything you need.
At last, be more astive to communicate with others.
From a person, you can learn many things.
Growing individuals have started the way of lifelong education, so do I.
And I already have a design in my mind.
No matter how old I am, no matter where I live, I insist learning.
No matter hou busy I am, no matter I am rich or poor, I insist learning.
How nice to hear from you again.Thank you for your thorough introduction of Thanksgiving Day and let me tell you about Mid-autumn Festival in China.
The Mid-autumn Festival is also known as 'Harvest Festival',which is one of the most vital Chinese festivals.It falls on the 15th day of the 8th lunar month,it is the time when the moon is said to be the fullest and brightest in the year.
As we all know,Chinese traditional culture attaches great importance to family values.On the Mid-autumn Festival,all family members and relatives will get together outside,enjoying the glorious full moon and talking about life.Sometimes even people who settled overseas will come back to visit their parents.
Imagine the scenery:Stars are finally struggling through the cook dusk,and the moon will shine its brightest when the Mid-autumn Festival is around the corner.You,along with your family,taste delicious moon cakes and have a joyful gathering.That is what Mid-autumn Festival is all about.
Reading is my favorite activities.
There are many reasons for it.Reading, likes other activities, brings unique pleasures to the readers.
We can get many from reading.
Not only can we easy access to wisdom of the ages and delighting stories, but also can we have pleasure of the mind from reading.
When we are reading, we are enhancing the understanding of the world.
Reading can help us how to know about people and oneself which is very important.
And according to my personal experience, reading has done me a lot of good.
For example, I made many friends who also like reading and became more and more understanding of the world.
So I hope that people will find the pleasure of reading and can learn a lot from reading.
Studying is easy if you are willing to learn.
Have everything ready and make sure your aim before you study.
Pay attention to main parts.
Remember to review and preview.
I have a healthy eating hobby.
it is healthy.
For lunch and dinner ,I like some rice and vegetables.But for breakfast , I eat some eggs and bread.When I have free time , I like to eat some snacks.I do not eat junck food for snacks, I eat some bananas and orange.
I think my eating is healthy.
We celebrate the Spring Festival since a long time ago.
Spring Festival is so popular that many other countries also celebrate it.
It is always in January or in February but not on the same day.
Before the spring festival we always clean the room.
In order to sweep away bad luck.
While we wait for the Spring Festival we by the Spring Festival gala We also have a traditional dinner with dumpling among families.
At twelve o'clock we set off the fireworks and shout "happy new year "On the day of the new year we often get up early to see our friends.
The children always get red packet.
It's means lucky money.
I think Spring Festival is time to say goodbye to the old year and to welcome the new year.
As society develops, almost every family has a car in cities, which, in some degrees, makes our lives convenient.
However, it also brings about some dreadful consequences: The needless slaughter on streets and highways can be attributed to three general causes.
Mechanical failures, including faulty brakes and bald tyres has contributed to hundreds of deaths.
For instance, Japanese Toyota Auto Company has recalled kinds of cars urgently because these cars have defects in the brakes.
Unfortunately, there are few American drivers have been dead due to this carelessness in traffic accidents.
It alarmed that it's time we should pay much attention to traffic accidents.
Another important reason is environmental conditions.
Blind corners and narrow streets are big challenges for drivers to control their directions.
What's more, bad weather such as heavy fog, intermittent rain or snow always cause drivers to make wrong decisions.
But there is no doubt that the most common cause of car accidents is error of human judgement.
Some bad habits like excessive speed and momentary lapses are the major responsibility for thousands of car accidents.
Also, nowadays drunken driving becomes worse and worse, which has killed lots of drivers and pedestrians and become a serious social problem.
As we can see in zhe picture the online rumros as a bomb.the two people are afrade of online rumors.
With the development of Internet technology.More and more readers turn to thernet for their news .And there are some people issue fiase news .But netizen believe the fiase news.Eventhough it is a rumor.Some netizen unable to distinguish the genuine begin to comment the news.Rumors become genuine..False news will have an effect on parties,their nofmal life will be disturbed.
Nowadays,more and more students attach little importance to the spelling of words in English study.This will make students appear improper memory,impediment students deveopment in the future.In making words mistake understanding.In this essay I will discuss the factors of this phenomenon and offer students view on it.
There are reasons for that students study English unseriousness,not accurate recollection words,lead to spelling wrong in using words.This is chief reason.Besides,English words easy confusion,casue spelling words error.Perhaps the most contributing foctor is the wide use of electronic devices such as e-dictionaries and computer and student no long need to correct the words by this ways.
In my opinion,we should truely recollect words,trust owenself abbility ,we can memory words.We should use for dictionary,help own study words.
When I were in high school ,I want to go to college .Till now I have studied in Shanxi Normal University for one year and I love the university life .I suppose that college study is great transition compared to the high school study in that college study has many great differences.
There are many differences between college and high school study .Firstly ,college study focus more attention on students'own decisions ,students have more freedom.But high school students do not have much freedom about studying .Secondly ,the teaching methods have changed by a great amount and the content is more complex and diversified than high school's.Thirdly ,college study aims to develop student's critical thinking ability and practical skills instead of forcing them to memorize those boring articles .In high schools,students must remember the boring articles and take a lot of exams in order to admit by a promising college .Finally ,students in college have more access to different kinds of subjects they are interested in ,because they have much free time .
As for me ,I really spent a long time on adapting myself to the new environment .I my opinion ,to adapt ourselves to college life ,we should take part in a good corporation so that we can make more good friends and improve ourselves.In addition ,we should take part in some good activities to enhance our skills about organizing and speaking .And we had better set up good relation to teachers and students .I wish we can have a good life in college .
Nowadays,more and more social networking websites appear in public view.Especially for the young group.It really brings us a lot of benefits but also brought incovenience to our life.So according to this phenomenon, different peoper put forward different point of view.Main contens areas follows.
Many people thought that Social Networks are good for us and it pulled into the distance of the people,has become the bridge of communication between us.At the same time,others believe that best way of communication is talking face to face rather through the screen talking with strangers and in the other hands,it is really very dangerous becouse you never know who is sitting in front of you.As both the fierce debate,Iwant to talk about my point of view.
Today,QQ and Micro bo is very popular,so it is not very dangerous.Everything has two sides,as long as you use it reasonable,it will be good for you.My point of view is support!
There is much controversy about the option students should do written homework.Many people hold the notion that it is important for students do written homework to help them study better.While others think reading books may be more efficient than writing.
"Please do your homework when coming back from school.
"When I am a little girl,my teacher always told us like that.So,I think do homework is a common thing.However,some students think it may be a burden that reduce time they can used to reading books.
I like my school.
It is small but beautiful.
There are four storeys in the school.
There are thirty eight classrooms in the school.
There is a music room and there is an art room.
is a kitchen in the school.
There is a playground in the school.
There is a computer room on the forth floor.
My classroom is on the forth floor too.
There is a laboratory on the second floor.
There are teachers'dining room and there is a Dance room on the first floor.
There are four trees in the garden.
There is a green field byway between the wall and a tree.
There are some flowers on the greensward.
There are some stone statue aminals in the other one garden and there are some trees in the garden too.
There are four tables in the garden.
I love my beautiful school.
When it comes to the "success" ,I feel very humiliated ,because after so many years' hardworking ,I find myself good at nothing .But it is no use looking at the mirror and pitying myself .It is time for ma to take a deep thinking ---What other qualities I need to be successful .
First of all ,perseverance is the kind of quality that I mostly need .In my lifetime ,there are always excellent examples for me to follow .I am always feeling been motivated .
The sad part is that it can not last long .
Hearing the struggle histories of eminent persons or attending an elevated speech do inspire me with enthusiasm , in the following two or three days you will see a person getting up very early ,working very hard at the library ,devouring one book after another .But I was too earnestly to see the results .Surrendering to unknown difficulties is the final consequence .
Hasting brings me no where .Room is not building in a day ,without perseverance ,Thomas Edison would not do hundreds of thousands of experiments ,ther would be no electric light bulb at all .If I can insist on practicing my listening ,my pronunciation ,things will turn out to be very different .
In addition to perseverance , innovation is also essential to the success.
Being innovative is crucial to the development of humanity .Our society is changing with each passing day ,if we can not adapt to it or keep up with it ,we are out .
New ideas ,new thoughts are the source of energy ,are the determiner of our future .Knowledge have no boundries ,one can not stuck them all in the head .Old things have to be moved off ,so that new things can come in then we can move forward .we need to get rid off the old thoughts ,old ways ,looking at the world from a totally new angle and thinking innovatively .
Last but not the least ,being humorous is very important .Humility is a kind of quality that can be learned and has been popular since the starting of human history .The sense of humor can bring us lots of friends and makes us on intimate terms with the people around us .That is very important to me ,since my social contact is very limited .Being humorous can win me a lot of friends and I can learn a lot from them ,it is much easier to study in a relaxed environment .
According to what I have said above ,perseverance ,innovation ,humility are crucial qualities I need to be successful .
By doing that way ,I believe success is on the way.
It has been nearly half and a year since we graduated from High School.There are distinctions among college life and the life in High School.By the way,are we happy after finishing High School and starting the new life in college?
My answer is'Yes'.Most of us may feel bored with the tedious lessons in High School.Of course the reason for this is that only 'study,study and study' and 'exams,exams and exams' in High School.We Chinese students have been receiving the exam-oriented education since we were in primary school.Every day we did the same thing:got up early,had breakfast,went to the classroom and then studied.So did afternoon and evening.In total,we had to have 11 classes a day,including 3 classes in the evening.You might be amazed and say 'Ubelievable'.Still,it's a truth in China.
