And many people are in favour of it.
I also agree with it.
Because even though a man is wise in theory ,but if he can not put it in to action,we will think he is not really wise.
As we all know,actions speak louder than words.
A man who likes to speak big words,often does terribly.Therefore,it is better to do well than to say well.But in fact,it is so difficult to be wise in action.
As far as I am concerned,because of ignorance in action,we often get in to trouble.For instance,if you behave not properly in table manners,you will feel embarrassed,no matter what you say,it is really terrible.So it is necessary to know about table manners ahead.
In a word,nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
l am very happy.
when l come to my college.
l think l can know more interesting friends.
When l was first reported on the frist day.
To the school l saw first of all seniors to help freshmen to carry luggage.
Help me with the luggage is a senior.
To the bedroom door because the boy can not enter my own luggage.Fortunately.Give me a deep impact is a beautiful girl.Her hometown hunan.when l moved my baggage to my bedroom door met her.She offered to help me move my baggage to my bedroom.To the bedroom to lay down luggage.She left.L said thank you.finally.L want to say that my roommates are very friendly.
l was lucky.because l have a group of lovely and kind of students.
Are you free this Sunday?The Students' Union will take up an outdoor activity for students and teachers.I want to invite you to come to our activity on Sunday.
This activity aim to make students getting close to nature and taking exercise here.
We will get together at the school gate at half past seven.The activity start at eight and end at eleven.We will go to the Guang Ming Farm which is two kilometers away from school.
We set a lot of activities like planting vegetables,watering flowers and so on.
If you are free on Sunday.Just come and join us.
Hello,Mr Johnson.I am a 20 years old boy whose name is LiMing.I feel very honored to introduction myself and put forward my request.I want to be a volunteer at this international.
When I was at high school,I was a volunteer on the campus volunteer association.This is my proud!Because I am willing to serve for other people.I think this is a happy thing.Not only other people feel happy,but also I feel a sense of achievement.This brief experience is my precious wealth.Later,I also had been engaged in volunteer with the work.Such as helped the old man who is in the nursing home,cleaning in the community,helped the man who is homeless in the alleyway and so on.I think help others is an essential in my life.See people who need help and not to help is very horrible.
My hobby is to help other people.And I also like reading,sports and music.My hobbies are very extensive.
I think I will be a good volunteer.If you have the interest to me,please contact me.My telephone number is 12345678.Please give me a chance and I won't let you regret.Thank you !
Dragon Boat Festival Dragon Boat race is a unique folk activities,the couse of this event is commenmorate one of the ancient China during the great poet QuYuan established.Dragon boat race is a fierce competion!I thought is very exciting.So I want to take part in he Drgon Boat Training Camp.Traning Camp can exercise the boby.And Traning Camp will begin in August in beijing.Participants come from all over China,we can know a lot of new friends.
would you like to go with me?I am looking forward to your reply.
Nowadays people pay more and more attention to their own health in daily life.
Harbin Institute of Technology is one of the most famous universities in China.
Every year thousand of students are attracted by its precise teaching and beautiful campus,they believe that their dreams would come true in this wonderful university.
It's my dream university.
The university is located in Harbin,a city famous for its wonderful scenery in winter.
Because of the heavy snow and cold weather,the city would hold the "ice engraving show" in winter every year, which has a worldwide influence.
What's more,as a boarder city,Harbin is deeply influenced by Russia in many fields,including the construction style and people's diet.
The beginning of the university could be date back to 1920s,which is a decade of the armed revolution and the national awakening.
With such a background,the university was found.
Influenced by the neighboring country,the university always kept advance.
Today,it has become one of the best universities in China.
As my dream university,Harbin Institute of Technology has many advantages in the field of industry and machine designing compared with the other universities.
First of all,as the result of receiving lots of supports from the government, the hardware and the software are impeccable in the campus.
Moreover,it has various laboratories and many famous experts,therefore,the university enables the students to learn not only from the textbooks but also from practices and experiments,which would bring students great benefits.
So it is my dream university,Harbin Institute of Technology.
If I could return back to one year ago,I would try my best to study,in order to attend this dreamlike university.
On 22, 1941, the news was brought to Churchill of Hitler's invasion of Russia, and on that evening Churchill delivered this world-famous and profound speech.
In the virtue of Churchill's high literary accomplishments, nearly all of his speeches show us his great literary talent.
This speech is no exception.
As is known, speech and rhetoric are inseparable.
Rhetoric can enhance the persuasiveness of a speech.
Thus, a variety of rhetoric alternating in a classic speech has the function of convincing the audience.
At the beginning of the speech, Churchill went straight to criticize the Nazi regime to reveal his own position.
The last paragraph expresses his concern with Russian people, which reflects broad mind and high quality of a politician.
The tone in this speech is characterized as impassioned, cadent and rigorous.
Parallelism and repetition are employed to fortify the speech with momentum and dynamics.
"We shall fight him by land, we shall fight him by sea, we shall fight him in the air--"Parallelism here shows Churchill's unwavering determination to vanquish Hitler, Nazi regime, and Germany.
It also gives the audience a lot of courage and faith to annihilate Hitler.
and "We will never parley, we will never negotiate with--" are two sentences that employ repetition which help to strengthen the might and rhythm of language and clearly express his emotions.
Once again, the sentences present that Churchill was resolved to rid the earth of Hitler, to fight for the well-beings of the whole human kinds.
Everything got prepared and he was all ready to meet the challenge, to welcome the impending war.
In this speech, he compared German soldiers to a swarm of crawling locusts and threshold of native land to front with an aim to show his disgust for enemies and illustrate their villainous side.
By doing so he could evoke hatred and abomination against Hitler deep inside the audience's mind, which may help him attract more allies to destroy Hitler.
This speech is full of favorable momentum together with tone of determination which fully demonstrate Churchill's firm faith to win as well as personality that never subjugate.
His unyielding spirit embodied in the speech conveys great inspiration to people stuck in the most difficult and critical moment.
Work pressure refers to the compelling force or influence that comes from a heavy workload.
Nowadays with the competition in the work field becoming increasingly fierce , work pressure has become a serious problem for every person,not only from students who often stay up overnight but also some celebrities who fasten a great attention on a general public,which attracted a widespread concern.
Its negative impact can be seen from the two aspects.
On physical aspect, it is adversely detrimental to our physical health.
Put under the constant pressure to keep their competitive edge, people work industrious.
They may suffer from some diseases in a particular situation such as diabetes and stroke.
On psychological aspect, it can also contribute to some psychological disorders.
Work pressure is closely relevant to worries about setback, failure, shrinking .
People tend to lose their confident if they spare no effort to make a great contribution to the company but can not make adequate fund to support their family.
From my perspective,since work pressure can affect people in such a serious way but can we resolve it without any effort .
There is a variety of method to apply to.To begin with,people could relax or refresh themselves on weekends or on vacation.In addition, optimism, confidence, efficiency, regular exercise are also remedies for an impressive number of people to relieve.
Although people could not avoid it, they can strain every nerve to reduce its detrimental effects and not to be burdened by it.Last but not least,individuals ought to engage in all sorts of activities to strengthen all parts of their body.As is well-known a healthy mind resides merely in a healthy body;consequently,physical fitness can help us feel better and we can fully get into the swing of work.
In a nutshell,it is maintained that job stress is a costly epidemic that we can confront it.I am fully convinced that becoming aware of and learning more information about how to effectively cope with them will enable us to slash a way through right routes for a more rewarding career .
University abound in competition, is the challenge stage, is a social.
Every one of us in Play different roles.
As a college student, we are eager to positive rather than blind impulse, dare to think and not utopian, thoughtful exploration without thinking.
Let us grasp the youth, here to exercise their own.
In the activities of the organization to leave your shadow, in community activities, show your style, in the volunteer activities give you competitiveness.
Let the flower of life blossoms and the vitality of youth danceUniversity campus, not impossible, only unexpected, let us enjoy to play to their talents.
Don't let the wasted youth, in living every day in a little harvest, let a confident smile floating on my face you, believe to pay a return, the burst of passion.
It is shown that plagiarism,as a serious problem,has been running rampant on campus.A variety of college students copying other's ideas without any proper attribution aim for the slovenly accomplishment of their homework.To my mind,there is no good plagiarizing papers from the Internet for the following reasons.
To begin with,the more copies,the more laziness.Plagiarism may have brought students convenience for the moment but in the long run,it would curb their progress of thinking.In addition,it is unfair for authors to use their opinions without reasonably stating the sources.What's worse,they may lose their faith in the academic field as well as creative enthusiasm.In the final analysis,such academic dishonesty is of great harm but no goodness.In all likelihood,you would face the legal liability if necessary.
Just as nothing can be accomplished without norms or standards,to avoid plagiarism,both prevention and correction are needed.For prevention,all students should be taught lessons on the various forms of plagiarism.For correction,severe punishment is called for when such dishonest behavior is discovered.Only with these measures can the situation turn better and better.
There are many kinds of after-class activities like instrument playing,playing football and reading corner in our school.Besides,by going in for such activities, they can learn what they can't learn from books,which will be beneficial to them in the future.What's more,it's really a good chance to help me make some new friends there.Meanwhile,if you also want to take part in after-class activities, I have some suggestions that you'd better choose the activities which interest you and you enjoy them very much from the bottom of your heart.
There are many interesting activities in our side.
Take an active part in after-class activities which fit you,your will notice your school life become colorful.
As we all know,the university is a show each student talent to stage.We can meet a lot of talented students in the university.Meanwhile,the party of students also come up with that they are poor.It probably makes they feel upset .So am I.So a large number of students gradually become diffident.
Some students suppose that we should believe our-self talent.At any time,we must have the courage to display our talent.
In ordinary life,we should exercise our-self.we are not afraid of failure.Sometimes,Failure is the only way to success.Whatever we do anything,we attempt to be abound in confidence.
If we insist do it,we will make great progress .Of course,we also feel happy in our life.
Nowdays,more and more people chose to study on overseas.Because they think that it's benefit for them.It can make them learn more foreign culture.Perhaps,they would like the enviroment of overseas than the inland.
However,someone don't think it is good.They think it can lead to lose of the talents.
I think it's wonderful .
Because it can expend your view , study more foreign knowledge.Ofcause,you can make more foreign friends.
In today's society,social network is becoming more and more popular.So I think it is necessary for us to speak of social network.
quick, save time and money.
You can communicate only to play a few keyboard.
What's more, we can find old classmates or friends.
is convenient for commercial behavior facilitation.
And they can advertise in the social network.
As long as people search it, the business-er will earn the money.
they will earn.
sword.
Most of them are required to fill with your personal information.
the safe problem on social network being solved,social networking sites wouldn't develop more.
My name is Lucy, I live in New York.
Last week, the experience of traveling to Beijing made me memorable.
On the fourth of November, I left New York for Beijing.The time on the plane is very long.
At 4 pm, I final reached there.
Everything was so curious, Beijing is a beautiful city.
There are many ancient places in there.
My mother told me we will visit The Forbidden City first.
It is the palace where the emperor once lived.
building, I like it a lot.
We had stayed there for four days and visited many places like The Great Wall and Tianan Square.
All of us were happy.
Finally, we had to go back home.
I love China very much.
What the picture clearly reflects is a common phenomenon in the younger generation.
Now many people like to stay at home, they lay in bed read books, play mobile phone, and play computer games.
When they are hungry, they can order a meal from restaurants, and the restaurant waiter will send the meal to their home.
People hold different opinions about the shut-in.
Some people believe that the shut-in will cause communication between people is becoming less and less, there is no longer any emotional color for expression ability.
But others take an opposite side.
They firmly think it can save money stay at home compared to the outside.
Personally, I am on the side of the former argument.
Stay at home for a long time can't breathe the fresh air and don't have proper exercises will make our resistance decline.
Many factors contribute to this problem.
There are many reasons, and I would like to explore some of the most important ones here.
With the development of science and technology, more and more people like to do things on the Internet, such as buy things, make friends and so on.
This is also because the price is becoming higher.
They want to save money to buy a house.
A few solutions should be provided to solve the problem.
We can go to climb mountains or do some exercises in our spare time.
We can also communciate with neighbours in order to establish good relations with his neighbors.
Title:The importance of learning English.
Lecturer:The professor White from Peking University.
Time:From 2:30p.M to 4:30p.M on Friday afternoon of the 27th February .
Location:In stadium of our school .
Note: after the meeting go back to the classroom will report to launch the discussion, and make their English study plan our schoolour school.
Up to now, we have come to the force for one year.
But we spend more time studying theoretical subject, as to the daily life of the army, we don't realize it adequately.
Therefore, our school made a chance for us to taste the daily life of the force.
With the beginning of the summer vocation, I was sand to DaLian Immigration Inspection Station.
When I first come to the team, the leader of them received us with open arms.
Then they were arranged to the fighting class.
From then on, we will live with soldiers all the time.
In following weeks, our daily life became rusher and rusher.
We spend most time on training.
Our leader taught us so many practical skills which our school will never teach.
The Arrest without Weapons is my favorite subject.
They teach us how to control and arrest scoundrels only use our hands.
During the time, we need to maintain vigilance all the time and make reactions fast.
They also taught us many other skills, which can protect ourselves and others in emergency.
With time going by, our intership was drawing to a close.
In this new team, I spend a most meaningful vocation.
During the time of my internship, we have handed numbers of practical skills expertly, got along well with soldiers, realized the daily life of the force adequately.
All of this harvest will help us do some good spade work for the first job.
Nowadays, a vast number of individuals live a relatively decent life compared with the past.However,the growing stress of living makes young people have a little time to take care of their aging parents,so they have to send their parents to nursing homes.The fact that old people are sent to nursing homes has aroused hot discussion in the society.For my point of view,aging parents should be looked after by their family members.
To start with,old people can be looked after well under their children's care.There are lots of old people needing help in nursing homes,so it is impossible to take care of the same one at all time.When aging parents need anything,their children can satisfy them in time while the nurses can't.Next,old people can live a happy life if their children take care of them.For instance,my friend's grandmother was sent to the nursing home by her children.She always felt that their children not care about her.Then,she died for sad mood.Finally,taking care of old people by their children reduces the stress of the society,even it benefits the development of the society.The measures about aging parents need not be taken by the government.
In a word,as children are taken care of by their parents,so aging parents are looked after by their children.Only in this way can we live a more harmonious life.
A miraculous export order has been received by our corporation.
Aim to conclude this transaction going smoothly,all staff whoever is in charge of this order need to attend a foreign language course zealously.
Please invite your high attention to it,it will initiate on Octorber 26th.
Reading is a good way to learn about knowledge which we cannot learn at school.
So I think reading is of great importances to students.And then I will show you some advantage to prove this opinion.
Firstly,I think it interesting and enjoyable to read a good book.It can help us to see something we haven't experienced and realise something important.
Secondly,we can improve our ability by reading such as writing,speaking and so on.
Lastly,I think we should develop a habit in reading to make us better.
In a conclusion, reading is a good habit.
I prefer reading rather than personal practice.
My name is G.My room is tidy.There are the bed,table,chair,sofa......in my room.My computer is on the table.My books and notebooks are on the desk.My pens are in the pencil box and my pencil box is on desk.My schoolbag is under the sofa.My tape is in my tape player and my tape player is on my bookcase.My CDs are on the bookcase.My dictionary is on the desk.My map is on the bookcase.
My keys are on the desk.My clock is on the wall.My air-conditioner is on the well.My toys are on the bed.My watch is on the desk.My radio is on my table.My clothes are in the wardrobe.Under my bed,have some big inside is loading the toy that I play in childhood.
I like my room.
What is global warming?Global warming happen the earths heats up,this is obviously due to the rise in temperature.An increase in world temperature caused by gases that stop heat from escaping into space.For instance,key factors.greenhouse.Like carbon dioxide.Water vapor,methane and so on.
It is goes saying that :"A coin has two sides".Global warming have positive and negative affects.On the one hand,Global warming may lead to plants quackily development.On the other hand,it is harmful.Firstly,Global warming may lead to temperature extreme wet and extreme dry.Secondly,it can lead to shorter and warmer winters.Thirdly,causing the sea level to rise and many natural disasters to strike.
It is high time that we should take measures to solve global warming.For example,Boosting energy efficiency and takes transportation.Secondly,Rewing up renw ables and phasing out fossil fuel electricity.Thirdiy,managing forests and agriculture.More importantly,we should form the habit of saving energy in our daily life.In the meantime,it is clear that are a lot of things that govern ments can do to prevent global warming.They should in vole companies support scientists and encourage individuals to protect the planet.
Nowadays e-book becoming more and more popular with people.
And in the modern society, there is a growing tendency for people to Reading through the electronic device.
Many people believe that the e-book has lots of advantages while others think it can also make some problems.
So, this issue is becoming a matter of concern for more and more people.
Those who prefer to read book through e-book argue that it is not as heavy as the traditional books,so it is easy for us to carry on.
It both environmentally friendly and much cheaper than traditional books so that we can afford it easily.
On the other hand , people who are in favor of traditional books point out that the e-book is not good for people's eyesight.
And the traditional books are more attractive for people to read.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments, I am inclined to agree with the first point of view.
For one thing,the traditional books become expensive increasingly.
People can not go to the bookstore and buy such expensive books so frequently.
So, if someone want to by a book which he just read for only once,he must prefer e-book rather than traditional books.
For another, how convenient it is for us to surf the internet finding the information we want.
Of course, there are also many problems with e-book ,it needs to be improved .
I believe that the e-book will have good prospects and it will be the leading way for people to read books in the near future.
I'm writing a letter to you and I want to tell you something about what I have seen and what I feel.
Every day,I learn and communicate with my Chinese friends and we join in sport activities together.In this journey,I have visited places of interest in Beijing and watched Peking Operas.I have eaten Chinese traditional food which is so delicious that I cannot forget its taste forever.I also knew about some Chinese history.I enjoyed my first Spring Festival during the toor ,too.I love dumplings a lot.
I like the life here very much.I hope that I can stay here for a long time.
I'm a member of the Dalian NEUTSOFT UNIVERSITY OF INFORMATION.
When it comes to my university, you can find it big, beautiful and modern.
Now, let me introduce it to you.
When you enter into my university through the south gate, you'll see three buildings in the front of you.
In the left, it's building A1, and next it is building A2, A3 and A4.
But A4 is not a real building.
To be honest, it's just like a garden.
When spring comes, it is full of various flowers and trees.
In the center of our school, it's building A5, which is a library.
You can study and find different books here.
Near it, it's A6 and A7.
They all look modern.
In addition to it, inside it, it's our mess, which is big, and luxurious.
You can eat different foods here.
They are all very delicious.
Well, behind it, it's our dormitory, which consists of many parts.
Various from faculty to faculty, students live in different buildings.
In a word, if you come to my university, you must like it very much.
A 19 year-old girl, I, who called Zhou Yu Ting, come from Shantou, have a long straight hair.
I neither fat nor thin is not tall.
My English name is Victoria.
I character lively, outgoing, easy to get along with others.
I like cooking.
I think that the cooking for the family is a very happy thing.
There is twelve family members in my family, my grandmother, my father, my mother, my sisters, my brother and I.
My grandmother is 91 years old.
My father, my mother and my sisters are in work.
My brother is a Middle school student.
Because of them, my life becomes more substantial and colorful.
I attended the school only dance team when I was in Middle school.
Multiple stage experience let me become more confident, become more and more brave.
My dream is to make a lot of money to my parents spend, buy a big house to live.
So, I will study hard and to save enough experience to find a great work to realize my dream.
I think the passions in life are respectively.
The one is reading every day.
The second is that there is a hobby, my hobby is listening to music.
The last is to do anything with family.
Reading can let me feel full and if I want to improve myself I should learn to read.
Books can make us knowledgeable and also can improve our cultivation and quality.
So reading can let me feel passionate.
Then music brings me a lot of wonderful feelings.
It is important for me to listen to music.
Listening to music can make me feel better when I was sad and also can find a quiet atmosphere in the noisy environment.
So music is my passion in life.
The family is our most important people we are in trouble, the family will encourage us to move on.
When we are happy, the family will share us.
We will be happy for your family to do anything.
So together with family is the greatest passion in my life.
My passion in life is very simple.
This is also the power of my life.
Summer Hoilday is come .
Let 's see my hoilday .
I get up at half past six ,then, i play basketball at the 7 o 'clock .
I eat breakfast at half past 7 .
Then I do my hoilday homework at half past 8 to half past 11 .
Then I have lunch at 12 o clock .
Then, i sleep to haif past 2.
I do my homework at the 5 o'clock .
Then, I eat dinner to half past six.
After dinner, I piay football with my classmats .
After, I go home piay the computer or watch football match to 10 o' clock .
This is my hoillday.
As countries continue to deepen cultural exchanges, transnational marriage has become more common due to globalization.Therefore,people have different views transnational marriages.
Some people think the marriage is for love, regardless of color and nationality of them,marriage is a new life begin.
Every coin has two sides.Some people think that marriage have lots of problems about cultural differences.
They have different views on values, Lifestyle and religion.The mixed couples have higher divorce rates than couples of the same race .
In my opinion, I support transnational marriages.I think marriage is the important to all people's life, people need to make a full psychological and material preparations.They will overcome the problem of cultural differences.
The world is not perfect; our life also not wonderful; it stand to reasons that each of us has annoyance.
As a college student, I may not have so many worries about life, work, and social relations.
But I also have many different annoyances.
So I want to share my experience of how I relieve my annoyance with you.
As far as I can see, there are at least three steps to relieve annoyance.
Also, we can say three ways.
But I think if we use these ways in the right order, we can get more benefits.
The first step is exercising.
Exercising is a good way to forget everything.
Also, it is a better way to let off our dissatisfactions.
We can do plentiful movement without thinking anything, like running, playing basketball, football.
We need transfer our annoyance from unhappy thing to the sport.
Play basketball, football can produce a mass of sweat.
Let that unhappy mood remove from our body with sweat.
Then we can run for half an hour to calm our mood.
We deal the bad thing rationally, as long as we calm down by ourselves.
The second step is reading.
Reading can help us change our mood.
When I met trouble and felt annoyance, I'd like to read some novels.
The protagonist's miserable encounter and brave character let me know the tininess of my problem.
Sometimes, after I read one book, I compared the trouble in book with that I met; I will rejoice how lucky I am, and not annoy any more.
What's more, I can learn some ways that how to deal with the problems from the book.
All in one, books can give us courage to overcome troubles, and way to keep calm.
The last step is writing.
Diary is a good friend to us.
It can listen to all of our annoyances, feelings and wishes.
After doing the two steps, we can write diary in the night.
We write down the reason of the annoyances; what we think; and how we do to deal with it.
Added, the most important is what we can learn from the case.
Every trouble is a process of growth.
We can become mature gradually.
Diary is a proof of our growth.
In a conclusion, trouble is a friend; we must deal with annoyances in a proper way, so that we can learn more from it.
We should not childish when we feel annoyance, try to solve it in a calm way.
Only this can we grow up.
With the development of economy, more and more people use credit cards, as well as students.
There is no doubt that credit cards are helpful and convenient.
In my opinion, credit cards may bring much harm to students.
Firstly, the banks just want to extend their works, so the result hadn't considered.
As we all know, credit cards are different from other kinds of bank cards.
One's credit card is linked with your creditworthiness.
If someone overdraft credit card, and you didn't return it back in time, then your creditworthiness would be reduced.
It will cause lots of troubles, especially bad to find a nice job.
In addition, students can't control themselves in using money.
They always buy something when they think it's beautiful or interesting.
A credit card will make them out of control.
I think it's really not good for students.
Last but not least, the large number of money will bring pressure to students.
Though credit cards make our consumption more convenient, you must pay by yourself at last.
Generally speaking, students have no stable income, so it's really hard to return such a lot of money one time.
It will not only make an effect on students' daily life, but harm for their study.
According to the previous analysis, we can arrive at the conclusion that students shouldn't use credit cards.
I'm very happy to become a university student.Now,I know the university is very different from high school.
So,students have different opinion about the university life.
Some students think university students should pay enough attention to their academic performance.They say the study is also very important.We students should put it at the first place forever.
However,some student have different idea.They believe that communication ability is more important than academic performance.They say knowledge is endless.But,communication ability can help us solve most problem.Communication ability also can help us make more friends.That will bring us happiness and be good for our future.
In my opinion,communication ability is more important than academic performance.But it doesn't mean that we university students can pay no attention to our study.I think that university students have enough time.So,we can develop our communication ability and pay enough attention to our study at the same time!
On the one hand,some people thinks they have true love grow between pen pals or net friends who have never met each other.Because love is a product of communication.They can know about their pen pals or net friends by talk With each other.They are not have some trouble.And love feeds on mystery about each other.If they are not have true love ,they will not fall in love with.
Love is born of beauty in the distance.
We need to hold this true love.
On the other hand, a lot of people thinks there are not have true love grow between pen pals or net friends.
In their opinion true love does not grow without contact between two minds.
And true love depends on acceptance of each otherˊs demerits as well as hunger for each otherˊs merits.
It is based on the ups and downs of lovers in daily life.
In my opinion , there are not have true love .
We need to find true love in our true society.
Please not wait your true love in the net,if not you will hurt yourself.
College student in china may tend to choose job by themselves.
So everyone must make his own choice of career planning before getting a job.
As for me, I have made up my mind to be a journalist.
I choose this occupation so mainly for three reasons.
Firstly, I was interested in the process of seeking out the useful materials on the spot in order to report the details of an event for the public.
It was a dream that was deeply rooted in my childhood.
Secondly, it means a lot to me to be a journalist because I can travel the country, which gives me the opportunity to make friends with all sorts of people.
Finally, I want to be a reporter because I enjoy finding ways of acquiring myself much knowledge in communicating with people.
However, there are some of the skills that a journalist ought to be involved with: Take photographs, Writing news and feature stories, Check facts and so on.
In modern times, reporters should use their pictures to tell the story with very few words.
News stories are short and focus on telling you what's just happened.
Besides, all the news must be made of reliable facts.
Realizing one's dream may not be smooth, even some sacrifices are needed.
The fact that to be a journalist need not only self-confidence and determination, but also be brave near front line of a battle.
I should have the ability to write the latest news, to analyse an event from a different angle, and to report responsibly for people.As the proverb goes: where there is a will, there is a way.
No matter how difficult they are, there is no greater happiness than making your dream come true.
In Africa, every morning, when Antelopes openning their eyes, what occurred to them at the first time is that it must run more faster than the lion which is fastest, otherwise, it may be eaten by lines.
While at the sme time, a lion waking up from beautiful dreams, what occurred to it at the first time is that it must run faster than the antelope which is fastest, if not, it will die because of hunger.
So, almost in the sane time, antelope and lion jump highly towards the morning sun.
Life is like that, no matter you are antelope or lion, you need to run forward without any hesitate when the sun rising.
The world is becoming better and better day by day,and the population is growing fast.It causes many problems.There are four main problems including them.
The first problem is about food and energy.There isn't enough food or water in many countries with a large population,and the people there are poor and strave.The energy in these countries is also serious.
Second,the traffic is too much in some big cities.The houses are few as well.And many people don't have jobs because of the large population.That is the third problem.
The last one is about the environment.Our environment is becoming worse and worse.The sky is grey and the river is polluted.
The large population causes lots of serious problems.We must take steps to solve them.
when i came to my campus ,Hope becomes disappointment,beacause in my mind.i think my campus is very beautiful and large.howover,this campus is uncomplete and our dormitory buildings is jerry-built project ,so i think it is a very big problem .
as far as i am concerned ,we only saty here two years age luckly,but too much students will come here ,they will live in our dormitory buildings.they will have same problems with us.in our dormitory ,there are some cracks on the wall.
we think, our campus can build again on our summer hoilday .then ,this problem can be sloved.
In my opinion,animals shouldn't be kept in zoos.First,animals' homes are in the wild,they can live a free life,they can run,play and hunt whenever they want.But in zoos,they have to be kept in a small area.Second,many skills can be used in their wild lives.They must use some skills to keep themselves alive.They will lose their nature if they are in zoos because people just feed them and they need to do nothing.Last but not least,it will affect the balance of the nature.The environment will become worse if we catch lots of animals.In order to make the world better,we should try our best to protect the animals.We shouldn't eat the endangered animals,or it will die out.We shouldn't pollute the environment,either.Let's all work together to protect them.
Let me show myself.
My interest is playing basketball.I want to have many friends in school.I come from Dongguan city.I am the only one boy form Dongguan city in my class.I am fat not strong.Every time I would shy and quiet.I am not good at talking with others.
But I want to have many friends in my future.I can improve myself.Though I am fat,I am not brave.Just as men cannot be judged their look.I am so happy that I could study in this school.
Because it means I have a chance to make new friends.
As the internet developing,there are more and more chatting ways in our life.For example,qq and MSN.They are new for us,and it is convenient for some people to make friends and to love.A lot of people find their love in this way.
There are many advantages on cyber love.First,it is convenient for some people to make friends.Second,we can communicate with more people,they can from far places.third,they can be more authentic,because they have not met each other.There are many disadvantages.First,there are many tricksters,they may say something to take in you to meet them,then hurt you.It is dangerous.Second,there will be many difficulties between them.The distance is a big problem.
I think true love can grow between net friends.Frist,love is a product of communication.Second,love feeds on mystery about each other.Third,love is born of beauty in the distance.
In the electronic products' rapid development era,more and more college students are using telephone.Is this a good phenomenon or bad ?
Miss Braron,a prefessor of linguistics at American university in Washington ,says:"What they like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people,while what they like least is that other people can reach them".
These two words have a big difference,but it is suitable for the society.
Nowadays,some friendship and family bonds are substituted by phone calls.
In the past we visited friends and relatives at regular times,but now,we seem to have no time,so we contact with each other by phones ,and we all use phones .Gradually,our minds change.It seems that phone calls become indispensible friends,not the people on the other end.
When we need help,we will find people who help us;but when other people need us,they cannot find us.As time goes on,we lose much.We never find the feeling of being relatives and friends,and we become numb to the reality.
As far as I'm concerned,although the phone calls are important to us,phone calls are only phone calls,and they cannot replace interpersonal relationship.
The most important, we should not become so selfish that other people cannot find us.We are not isolated in the world,and we should help each other.
I'll take her to my hometown not hesitate to scenic Heaven Village.
Why should I bring her to Heaven Village, because it is the most beautiful place in my hometown.
It is located in the hinterland of Dabie Mountain, surrounded by dense mountain forest scenic.
When you stand in the Heaven Village at the foot of the mountain to believe you will be shocked to.
Look up and you will see the mountains hidden in the clouds and cloud in the shuttle between the peaks.
So beautiful that will not let you down.
When exposure to the mountains and you will enjoy another kind of scenery.
Birds calling at your side of the trees, and the magnificent waterfall.
All of this will make you crazy.
I am Li Hua.I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to announce the beginning of the competition.Let me tell you something about the competition.
Firstly, the match is of great significant such as promoting the ability of listening , forming the the habit of reading.Secondly,everyone must speak in less than five minutes.
Fluency in speaking and correction pronunciation are needed.
Finally, I wish the competition to hold successfully.
Thanks for your attention.
Involved in online teaching for the first time, I questioned about the validity of the instructional medium.
I never knew whether the student submitting the work was the one registered for the course.
Teaching online also required rethinking how I deliver the subject matter.
My daughter, always shy, gave me a great inspiration.
She never spoke in class, but in the two online courses she took, she dived into discussions, and posted her opinions.
When the online class began, beyond my expectation, the students followed directions well, and the discussion board was lively.
Though I never met any of them, I knew about these students by their work, and I saw their attitudes develop before my eyes.
I found that it seemed to work better with students who were very comfortable with the computer and willing to become part of a community built around the subject matter.
For teachers, it worked well if they were willing to help build that sense of community and made the students fell them always there.
Nowadays.People have their unique ways to communicate with each other.Network is one of the most popular measures.Through mesh work.People can meet different people that come from different field and different country even different nation.As young blood.We are easy to fall in love through communicating.So cyber love become more and more prevalent.Different people have different position.I have a negative attitude towardS it.Now I will give my reason.
Firstly,Network is visional.We can not distinguish the authenticity of people's words.secondly,partter is playing an important role in today society.We could not make a decision in a moment but thinking twice.Thirdly,cyber love always consist in different areas.It's too distant to take care of parents for women.
In a word,I forwn on cyber love.
Hello.
My name is China Tiger.
My fur is orange and black.
I weigh 150 kilograms.
I am 2 metres tall.
I like eating pigs dears sheep and so on.
I like to live on my own.
I can swim well but I can't climb trees well.
I can live about 20 years.
We live in the forests in Southen and Easten China.
Now, we are in danger.
It is hard for human beings to find us in the wild.
Human beings are polluting our home.
Some of them are killing us for our fur.
It is cruel for them to do so.
Please help us.
Please do not pollute our home.
You can make friends with us.
Thank you.
People can think of everything they meet, anything they do and what nature does.
From what they get, they will have some ideas about that and some of ideas are really powerful for the other persons.
When they get it and write it into a book, the spark of thought will flash into its readers.
We are all readers so that we need to choose what we really should to read.
Because different books have different worlds and the right world to benefit for life.
When we read a good book, we will find that super power is spawned in our bodies and it is going to Cocoon into butterfly one day.
The U.S. has experienced steadily growing trade deficits and job losses since NAFTA and WTO were created, and the government presses the Congress for "fast track" trade negotiating authority, looking forward to solve the problem.
However, in the author's opinion, "fast track" by itself will have no effect of any kind of economy.
On the other hand, NAFTA and WTO have negative effect on the serious problem instead of solving them.
In a word, the government should pay more attention to the economy itself and make effective policies.
Reading is important to us.I think reading a wonderful book can make real difference to our life.
First,reading will teach us how to be a justic man because we always follow what we read.A good character in the book which we are read always become a role modle to us.
Secondly,reading can tell us how to write a good article.Good sentences can be wirtten down in our eassys.Our writing levels will be improved through reading day by day.
Thirdly,resding will make us to be a knowledgeable person.Different kinds of fantastic books show different kinds of thoughts and different aspects of knowledge.
Reading a good book is useful to us and we will follow the book what we read.
Everyone has his own dream.
Some people dream of making lots of money.
Some people dream of living a happy life.
Maybe you will get a surprise after you know my dream.
I am an ordinary person, and I have an ordinary dream: Is a teacher.
Teachers can not teach us many things in class, but they are definitely.
As time flies, I changed my mind.
Now I want to be a Chinese teacher.
I like to write stories.
I want to share my world with others.
I know that to be that a teacher is a hard job.
So I try to read many books and try to improve my writing skills.
And at the same time, we learn how to live a happy life.
They spend lots of time on their students.
They are like our parents to us.But I decide to study harder from now on.
They are very great.
I hope to be a teacher, because I admire teachers.
I know it is not easy to make my dream come true.
I am sure my dream will come true.
Dramaticlly, more and more students prefer keeping seats gradually, including me.
It is a common phenomenon in university,and I feel ashamed about it and puzzled.
For my part, it is useless for you and without considerable for others who without seats, I completely believe that the person who occupied the seat can't prove that he or she is a good learner.
As for a modern and respectable college student.
It is our responsibility that to keep a harmonious and peaceful campus, and I am sorry that occupied seats.
Frankly speaking, we should think more about others, and show our respects to someone which without seats in the library.
Faced with the stress of examinations,some students feel dizzy,weak and sleepless.Even some say they will lose their appetite before the examination is over.Anxiety may be harmful to our health both physically and mentally,and here are some advice about how to deal with anxiety during your period of preparation.First,keep your daily routines and be flexible with your schedule.Second,taking a hot bath and drinking a bottle of hot milk every day can help you have a good sleep.Then,make sure you have done review work well and filled the gaps in your study.Finally and most important,face your exam in an optimistic mood.
Nowadays, many students are lack of social practice, but it's a necessary project that every college student should complete.
So many scholar are supported by universities to take part in social practice activities as volunteers, taking part-time jobs, being a teacher in a village or practicing in a hotel and so on.
Of course it has plenty of advantages.
First, we could earn money to ease our economic tension or live better.
And at the same time, we could accumulate lots of experiences in the aspects of the life and woks.
Second, we should put our theory knowledge into practice, not just talking in mouth.
And third, when we do our practice, we also benefit from it.
We understand grandually what social responsibility is.
Moreover, we learn to be independent.
And then we could be a better human being.
Furth, we might meet and make friends with different people.
After all, more friends, more ways.
But we also need to know more and earlier about the realistic society, including realizing who is the real friend.
And last but not least, social practice will be useful for job fair.
In one word, taking part in social practice activities is better for whether your abilitiy or your quality.
But if you spend too much time on part-time job, you might not take good care of your study.
First,I'm feel happy hear from you.
And thanks so concerned about our Party.Music is my favourite hobby, I like some ethnic flavor,leisurely,and rock!My favourite singer is the Soul singer,Her name is Yao Beina.She's music all excellent!She can sing a variety of music lncluding the above.
I admire her kindness and the spirit of fighting against death.First month of school,I feel not fit,but you must speed integrate new studies styel.hobby and studies can combine!Our New Year Party is very good and interesting!The performances are exciting.I want to understand about your new life!
candy.How tasty they are!In the afternoon,we still went to Yuanming Yuan by underground.After twenty minutes,we got to the gate of Yuanming Yuan.We bought three tickts,and entered the "big garden".It's really large!There are three parts in it:Changchun Yuan,Wanchun Yuan and Qichun Yuan.In fact,Qinghua Yuan is also part of Yuanming Yuan.We went for a walk in it and we've felt traditional culture of Beijing.In the evening,we went back to Tianjin by train.We all had a good day !
Belly was a high school student.
Her mother,who works as a doctor.
She hoped Belly to be a doctor.
So she required Belly study hard.
Every day,Belly studied 13 hours.
She even read English book when she eating lunch.
She studied so hard that she never play with her classmates.
In fact,she wanted to be a teacher.
So when she fil in the application form.
She took wrangle with her mother.
Her mother said"Teacher can't take you grate live.
Belly's mother is so pain.
Sudderly,she remember when she said she wanted to be the doctor.
Her family was so oppose.
Lixia likes traveling.Last year,she went to London.She went to there by plane.The weather in London was wet.She did something interesting,she visited lots of museums,and she took quite a few beautiful photos.But she said the food in there was not delicious,she didn't like it at all.Also,this year she traveled Beijing.She took the train to Beijing,and it was cold.She went to the Long Great Wall , Old place and Tian'an men square.For lunch,she ate lots of delicious food.Because she likes Chinese food.
Launched in February 2010, Everything is India's largest e-commerce marketplace.
Snapdeal provides a platform for vendors across the country to connect with millions of customers.
Our online shopping platform has the widest assortment of products from thousands of national, international and regional brands across diverse categories like Mobiles, Laptops, Cameras, Appliances, Women's Apparel, Men's Apparel, Watches, Home & Kitchen, Automotive and Health.
Grab your favorite products at best prices and save the one thing that matters most to you - "Your Money".
Snapdeal.com has a network of more than 50000 Merchants/Brands, and has over 20 million members (which is 1 out of every 6 internet users in the country) and caters to the shopping needs of customers across 4000+ towns and cities.
The one who I share my sorrow and happiness with is my best friend.
She is really cute and outgoing.
She has a round face with ruddy cheek.
Maybe that's why her English name is Apple.
Under her smooth hair, her big eyes are always shining, which can always tell you how she's felling.
Happy, sad ,worried ,excited...any emotion you can imagine.
Our first met was a simple story.
It was a beautiful autumn day.
I was excited to be walking through the main road of this garden-style middle school.
The school was so big that I spent a lot of time finding my classroom.
When I finally got there, the classroom was full of students.
I didn't have much time to look around at those new faces, so I just found my position and sat down.
The girl sitting in front of me turned around and said.
I answered her briefly.
Then the bell rang, so she left me a sweet smile and turned back.
Apple lived near the school, thus, she was familiar with overall arrangement of in our school.
As we got along very well, she brought me to her "secret garden".
At noon, we always ate our lunch in the small garden behind the library.
After lunch, we usually read some novels or did our homework in the library.
In fact, Apple was not a quiet person.
She was good at running and playing badminton.
So even after school, we still stayed at school playing for a while.
Andre Maurois once said"True friend foresees the needs of others rather than proclaims its own".
Apple is exactly the one who owns the character mentioned above.
When we entered in high school, the high pressure often made me feel depressed, sometimes I even got sick like headache or fever.
Every time, she would find out at once and take me to the hospital in time.
She would also bring me her favorite food -- apple, and say "an apple a day keeps the doctor away, here are an apple and the Apple, you will be better soon".
Under her patient caring and optimistic encouragement, I could always recover soon.
I agree with the words that a faithful friend is the medicine of life.
What influenced me most is Apple's attitude towards life.
She holds the belief that things will be better.
As a result, no matter what difficulties she may face, she just fights and fights, smiling.
And now, I also smile to life, because tomorrow is another day.
In response to your request, I'm happy to be a speaker for this year's Lenovo Annual Sales Meeting on December 25.
Here is a brief analysis about sales data between 2010 and 2012.
As you can see from the line graph in the attachment, at the beginning, between 2011 and 2012, the figure increases by about 180.
No matter how the trend changes between the second and third quarter, luckily, from 2011 to 2012, there is a sharp increase about 950 in the fourth quarter.
I think this can't be separable with our organizational right strategies.The line graph can help us compare sales, gross profit, operating expenses, EBITDA and pre-tax income, the final result is the company's performance is better than last year.
The last graph is pie chart.
It shows the composition of sales in each market, the sales keep steady growth from 201 to 2012 in the mature market.
However, there is a little decline about 5% in the China market, so we need to take some actions on our promotional activities.
On the other hand, one of our VIP clients claimed us a remedy of $1000 for the second shipment of 100 pieces of laptops, because no one at that place accepted the shipment, and we deliver the goods again.
Most importantly, the client will largely affect the sales next year, so we need you to make the final decision about the remedy.
Please respond by December 10 so that I can complete the letter to Mr. Kolin.
If there is something needs to be improved about the graph, and I'm glad to follow the advice.
"Hello,are you microblog today.
"Yeah,maybe someone on the street like this to say hello to you.You don't surprised.Because we live in an information age.
Nowadays,Social Network Sites are very popular at home and abroad.Forexample,QQ,microblog,Facebook,Twitter and so on.
I have to admit that Internet bring us great influence.Because of it,everyone has own views.On hand,some people think Social Network Sites are benefit people communicate together.Because people can find someone who have the same hobby and common language.And they can talk to each other heart.On the other hand,some people think they are addicted to Internet and neglect and alienated from their family and friends.
As for me,away from microblog is a difficult thing,I am microblog mania.But I agree with the latter,in the network is a virtual reality,a friend in need is worth treasuring.
I always image what the future of the world is like.
I think it will be an amazing world.
In the future, people's car maybe can go to the sea, or fly in the sky.
The house will "Green and smart", for example, when you are tired, it will turn off the light and play music, make you go to sleep in a faster way.
When you feel boring, it will give some choice to make happy.
If you don't know how to do a thing, it will give you some reasons to you.
There maybe no telephone in the future.
When you want to talk with others, you can just call his/her name then he/she can hear your voice.
The world in future will be wonderful.
I will very enjoy the life in the future.
Along with the progress and innovation of science and technology, our life also are enjoying the convenience of technology.At present, the mobile phone is a cross age technology innovation product.
First of all, on the one hand, the mobile phone is a very convenient product, we can use it in a very convenient and good friends and family communication and chat.In leisure time, we can also use it to surf the Internet and play games to kill time, in the face of a difficult time, mobile phone map can offer us a good help.
Secondly, on the other hand, the mobile phone also has a lot of bad places.As everyone knows, in some meetings and activities now, everyone is took out his mobile phone to play their own, do not people to communicate.There is a saying that said drag: The furthest distance in the world is me beside you, while you play a mobile phone.So, mobile phone in the hand also obstructs the communication.We should put aside the hands of the mobile phone, communicate with people, to promote the relationship between our people and human development.
So, the science is really good,and we should make good use of it.
With the number of students who have mobile phones increases, we can find more and more students use mobile phone in the library.
There is no doubt that this appearance will bring many terrible influences.
Because the students make no distinction between the major and the minor one when they use mobile phone in the library.
What's more, this behavior will affect other students who around you reading book.
Therefore, we must turn off our mobile phone before we enter the library.
And if we need use mobile phone , we had better go out of the library.
This behavior can avoid disturbing other students.
There is an increasing interest in dormitory life.So I ask my classmates about it.There are some attitude.
for them.Thirdly it can tell us about friendship.
However other people stand on different ground.
On one hand it can lend us depend on others.
On the other hand people do not have freedom.There is some truth in both arguments.
But I think the advantages overweigh the disadvantages.
It is superb.
We can have a good time in our dormitory.
My holiday was over.Saying farewell to my Junior High school.I began my new learning life.
The High school is not stranger to me.That's because it is part of my former school.But when I saw it.I found it is more beautiful than before.Maybe it was only my thought.I came into my classroom.To my surprised ,I saw a woman standing in front of the lectern and smiling to everybody.I thought she was a very kind woman.Without doubt I met many new friends,they are both friendly and enthusiastic.My first best friend is a girl who is very cheerful.I think she is still my best friend.
The school sets a lot of interesting activity for us to choose.My favourite activity is playing the guitar.I believe my level will be improved with the teacher's help.
That is my first day in my new school.
First to learn English well, you must know your grammar, only when you know how to use grammar, you can improve your English quickly.
You can also listen to English tapes or watch Tv programs to improve your listening and also speaking.
Second, remember not to be shy when you speak to other people, they will not make fun of you, take a deep breath and smile when you're speaking to foreigners.
Finally, prepare for a English notebook to write down all of the English words that you often make mistakes on.
In social life, the most thing that people do is talking to each other.
But unfortunately, people doesn't always have the same opinion, under the circumstance, I will listen to others, and compares their opinions with mine to find out what's the difference, and consider witch one is better, then choose "convince others" or "respect others".
For example, if you are discussing something needs novel ideas, then you should take the words out of your mouth confidently, don't be shy, it's not humiliating that you have your own thoughts.
You should judge what kind of discussion you are having, then make the right choice.
Mobile phone is popular in Nowadays.
Many people carry mobile phone everytime.
Put the mobile phone into the library,it has good place and bad place.Good place is that when you read some books has the problem can be timely depend on intel to solve it.
Bad place is that too rely on mobile phone will lose the meaning of reading and mobile phone's voice affect the surrounding people to read.I think don't carry moblie phone in library is good.
It can also realize the pleasure of reading is not disturb others.The library is a quiet place, please not take mobile phone better.
In almost people"s mind, becoming a happy person is the most meaningful thing in the word .
Everyone hopes to be a happy person, but not everyone konws how to be a happy person and what is happiness.
Happiness is a wonderful feeling in your heart when you feel comfortable.
It is a postive attitude for you and it will make you become more outgoing .
Becoming a happy person has many definitions and ways.
First of all, I think you should have a grateful heart and you will find this is a happy word .
Then you do not always complain about the trouble , just solve it or ask for help.
At last I think you should find something you real interested in.
In this way , you can enjoy yourself well and keep a good mood.
If you can do well in the following things , I think you must will be a happy person and have a great day during your life .
Some of us think that it is better to see the film than to read the original work.Because see the film pay for less time What 's more see the film more interesting and easy understand.
Someone likes reading the original work.They think read the original work can get more knowledge,the language in book more beautiful and wonderful.
In my opinion, I choose read the original work,I think read the original work is ideal and it can understand author 's idea.
Success seldom arrives unannounced on your doorstep and break in ,demanding that you accept it.The fact is that success is the first preparation and consistent effort.
Entering the university not only means that we have gone through the teenage,but we are supposed to shoulder more responsibility as well.Opportunities to get a well-paid job or a better platform to improve oneself are available to us ,not to mention the conveniences and various social activities we can take advantage of.On top of that,studying in the university is the dream of many high school students,for it signifies another chapter of life.
In the university,i can have more free time to arrange my schedule.First of all,we should spare no effort to equip us with knowledge,read more books,which is beneficial to broadening our horizon.By joining the community service ,we can share the same destination with team members.After all,team spirit is of great significance.Further more,as is known to us,studying in the university may bring us many difficulties.
Nowadays, it is not difficult to find that waste has been becoming more and more serious problem in our daily life.
There are more than 6 billion populations on the earth, so human being produces plenty of waste every day in our life.
However, some waste can be degraded while others cannot.
In order to protect our earth home, we should realize the importance of waste sorting.
Waste sorting not only can save resources, but also can reduce environmental pollution.
In our daily life, we always produce the waste, like plastic bottles, paper, plastic bag, fruit pares and so on.
We can sort the waste.
The plastic bottle and paper can recycle.
The plastic neither recycle nor can be degraded, so, we should use an appropriate way to deal with it.
Like fruit pares can be degraded, so we can sort it into others.
We can change waste material into things of value, and it can save resources.
If we sore the waste, it can also reduce environmental pollution.
In one word, we should consciously realize the importance of waste sorting.
To start from our own, we will convey this spirit to each and everyone around us, and let them know the importance of waste sorting.
I need an English editor.This job has two major parts .
First of all,you nedd to choose articles from English newspaper and Internet.
In addition,you also need to choose classmates' essay.
I hope this student can satisfy some requires.
Firstly, you should offer stud ents some leisure time to help them.
Secondly, you must be good at English and music.
And, you should use computer practisedly.
If you are intersected in this post, please contact Students' Union.
Nowadays, an increasing number of college students are doing part-time jobs.
People hold different opinions on that.
Some people think that there are many advantages for college students to have part-time jobs.
Firstly, part-time jobs offer them opportunities to apply what they have learned in school and demonstrate their abilities.
Secondly, it enables them to be more independent of their family and builds up their self-confidence.
Thirdly, part-time experiences may be of great help to their future careers.
Finally, part-time jobs can broaden their college lives and help them know more of themselves and society.
However, some other people hold that doing part-time jobs has more disadvantages.
The main job of college students is to study, not to work.
If they have part-time jobs, they may have to reduce their time for sleep, rest, study and activities.
Working several hours a day consumes a lot of time and energy and may affect their studies.
As a result, they may find it hard to adjust to what the college expects of them as well as their employers expect, and finally, they may fall behind or fail in their studies.
In my opinion, students can choose to take up a part-time job according to their own situation.
The most important thing for them is to keep a good balance between part-time jobs and his study.Students working part time usually have a positive attitude towards this extracurricular experience.
Besides earning some money to support themselves,they can learn a lot which cannot be learned from textbooks.
They will learn to get along with different kinds of people,get useful working experiences and learn the value of labor.
Good or bad, it is not easy for students to get part-tithe jobs in China now.
Even if they do get some work, they are often badly paid.
Presently, the changes of the times, the new things emerge in large numbers, people start to pay attention to the formal examination, many research had a visit on people, in quest for some people hold the belief that a formal examination left behind , that it did not adapt tothe modern development and the formal examination give the impression that the crane teaching, is often silent, cannot reflect people's comprehensive quality, is only partial , instead of fromal examination,this is a reminder that examination reform remind precursors, while others argue that the formal examination is reliable, feasible methods to measure a person's knowledge and ability .only in this way can we say is fair, is now a fast development, no one will have to pay attention to, to appreciate, so it is not to be undone by people.
Nowadays, the social is developing more and more perfect, but there are still many crimes occur every day.
So it is very necessary to improve the legal system.
Now many people argue about the principle of innocent until proved guilty.
Some people support this principle.
But others disagree.
In my opinion, the principle of innocent until proved guilty is good and reasonable.
Firstly, in this world, everyone is equal.
The law made by people is used to protect people's right of people's quality.
The principle of innocent until proved guilty reflects the aim of the law.
Secondly , I think these people who disagree with the principle are stubborn.
They always think that people is the criminal.
If that people don't crime, they are wrong for an innocent man.
In order to an innocent man do not be wrong, we should find the true evidence.
So the principle is reasonable.
Before finding the evidence, everyone is innocent.
As far as I'm concerned, we can support the principle.
The principle will make the system of law more perfect.
In about thirty years of reform and opening-up, Chinese economy in the initial stage of development is relatively slow as well as restores the university entrance exam only thirteen years, college students are less; therefore there are not suitable jobs for them.
After a few years, to further strengthen Chinese opening to the world, emerging industries rapid rise.
owing to the part-time jobs to apply what they have learned in school and demostrate their abilitiesThus more and more college students start to do part-time jobs.
Nowadays, Foreign companies into China, diversified enterprise form.
To strengthen the popularization of education degree and increase the demand of all kinds of talents; besides many coolege students realized that they can make money, which helps to unload their families financial burden, they can also get working experience, such as teaching or selling practice, which is beneficial to their growth.
college students will be provided a better working condition if the students engage in this job before.
The more we think a person strong,the more we give him expectations and requirements.Famous people always shoulder more responsibilities.
For example,I like Liang Jingru because her songs make me comfortable.She takes part in many competitions and always do a great job.She won the gold metal in 2008 and became "the most popular singer".She is outstanding,but no one knows how painstaking she is,she always practises her songs again and again,and plays them in all of the world.We hope she gives us more orphean songs,but we didn't think of her painful:she should spend much more time and physical power to achieve it.
So we should respect those famous people,they are our role model.
College is a place where many high school students to yearn for.
College life is that every high school student wants to go to experience.
At least I was at that time.
But, to be honest, college life is not my image of good.
But I still love it.
College life gives me a lot of experience.
First, the library is the place where I often go to.
There are many books and I can get a lot of knowledge from there.
Reading books can also make me feel peaceful.
Second, the society activities are very rich.
I can choose what I like or interested in society to join.
In the club, I exercise my ability and can also better communicate with others.
Third, the most precious is the friendship with my roommates.
We will eat and live together in the four years and have deep friendship.
They will always stay in my future life.
Unconsciously I have spent nearly a year of college life.
Anyway, I grew up day by day and step by step to make my dream come true.
We require water everyday.But nowadays water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.There must be lots of problems during our life.So do we have the solutions?
During my life,I find I waste lots of water.For example,I always wash my hands with lots of water;I always forget to close the tap when I wash my clothes.As far as I am concerned lots of people have the same problem with me,so lots of water has been wasted.Then water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.
Another problem is growing individuals in the earth,more and more water we use and waste.
I can give some solutions.
First ,we can save water by increasing the price of water,then people will use the water less.Second, we can use the tap which can save water.Third, we should continue promoting family planning to control the number of the population.
I think if we can do it together, we will have a better life.
I'm sure that you're welcome to join us as an exchange student.
But the life in Tianjin is different from that in America.
These tips may help you.
Above all, it's colder than America in order that you'd better to put on some warm clothes.
It's sometimes foggy,so remember to keep an eye on the weather forecast.
What's more ,Tianjin's food is so delicious.
Come and have a taste!.
Now,let me introduce something about our class.
There are fifty enthusiastic youth looking forward to getting on well with you.
Teachers will do their best if you turn to them for help.Classroom is also equiped with a computer which brings us a lot interest in learning.
Well, I'd like you to tell us how do you feel after you spend some days here.
It's good for us to help you adapt your life in Tianjin.
I think it's a chance to improve friendship between the Chinese and the American students.
I would appreciate it if you could reply me soon.
The same question always arise to many person.If there is someone falling down on the street ,we should help him or not?Of course,many people would say yes two years ago.However,we should be braver to do that.
The society has become more and more complex while people's hearts are full with ambitions and wealth.The news has said that there was someone helped a senior who fell,but he was charged by the senior who said it was the man pushing him down.Actually,the man is innocent and the senior cheated others.
The matter which reffered above was not happen by chance.There are many things like that around us.Should we help the others?
I think we must keep on helping others.
Helping each other is one of the most important morilities in China.If all the people become cool and selfless,the society must be fritening.So we should try our best to help the other.However,wo must also learn to protect ourselves.For example,wo can take some photos and record a redio.
To build up a happy society,it needs our help.Don't be afraid if you want to do something which can decrease your guilty and benefit the society.
Love is a lamp, while friendship is the shadow.When the lamp is off,you will find the shadow everywhere.
Friend is who can give you strength at last.
mabe we all live in the past.We take a minute to know someone,one hour to like someone, and one day to love someone,but the whole life to forget someone.And yet for all that.never mind .I'll find someone like you,and will also make new seeds sprout .
Yesterday was our Mid-Autumn Day.
I will talk about it.
The Mid-Autumn Day is one of Chinese traditional festivals , This day, we eat mooncakes which are the special food for this festival.
On the evening family members will have a happy get-together.
Persons who work far away from their homes will also come back for the union.
At night, people will sit together and enjoy the moon while eating mooncakes and fruits.
It's said that the moon is at its brightest and roundest on this day.
They look back on the past and look forward to the future together.
This festival means the "reunion".
I believe we will live a better life with the fullest moon accompanying us.
The Chinese are very generous in terms of education child,they can give the child love exhausted.Arranged everything for their children,very anxious to walk are willing to replace,love of children's content,but it is the spoiled,caused the what?
In side,there are many adults already are a college student,do not take care of yourself,even never wash clothes,and what we talk about independent?I have met a university student,the parents each week to come over to help the child wash his clothes and cleaning.I can not help but sign,can never do so little things.She left her parents blessing later will be how to independent in the face of the wind and rain,how to step into society alone?
I think Chinese parents to the child the generosity of the education is not an option,there is certain blindness.Parents can not accompany the children for a lifetime,the parents have to teach children how to independent,how to face the future life,allowing the child to walk their own real life.
My name is Y.I'm come from Z X. I'm a 18-year-old gril.
I have so many hobby such as playing badminton and listening to music.
So there is no doubt that I'm a lively gril.In my early age ,I'm always dreaming be a teacher.
Being a teacher is such a great and funny thing for me.
Therefore, when I grow up I want to be a teacher.
In order to improving my work experience, I would like to join some school's association and student's union.
stage that can well develop myself.
Of course, I'd like to make friends and communicate with each other in the future.Ok,That all.
I firmly believe that everyone wants to succeed in a job interview.Of course,every question has its answer.Firstly,generally speaking,it's very good to leave interviewer a profound impression.Although having words saying that appearance is only skin-deep,I'm consistent to think decent dressing is a basic way to show your respects to others,what's more,others're aware of your mental attitude and even your value to this job from your dressing.
Secondly,we'd better to arrive in the place on time or in advance.There is no doubt that they must prefer to employ the person who treasures time.
Thirdly,As for the question they ask,it's enough to answer them one by one clearly and concisely.Furthermore,when you answer the question,you can to express more your abilities of the job,maybe it's a good chance to introduce yourself.
Last but not least,As a proverb saying that"Courtesy costs nothing".But please don't misunderstand its real meaning.Don't bribe interviewer with material things.However,please knock at the door before you enter the room and greeting when you come into the room.Besides,its great manners not to go mad or crazy when they reject you for this post.Instead,you'd better to beam with the pleasure of thanking them for giving you this opportunity to have a try.
On balance,an interview for a job is not only a test for your job,but is more a test for your abilities and your personalities.So if your want to succeed in a job interview,you can try out my views.I hope that you will become a good leader in the workplace as soon as possible.
Now people in growing numbers begin to realize the convenience of online shopping.The development of technology along with easy access to the Internet provides people with a lot of choices,while some people hold the view that online shopping also has its disadvantages.
It is no doubt that online shopping has made our daily life more convenient and comfortable.
We don't have to buy goods in the downtown,which can help save our precious time a lot.
All we have to do is select the goods we want and pay the money.
Besides,shopping online is much easier.
We can compare the prices of goods at home and choose the best one.
Nevertheless,the development of online shopping has stimulate the economy a lot and provides more jobs such as Express delivery and so on.
Though Online shopping is convenient and fast ,it also has its disadvantages.
First,we cannot see the real goods on the internet,so we can't ensure the quality.
What's more,it may be related with the security of our property and individual privacy.
As a result,it may also bring us unnecessary troubles.
In a word,online shopping is a double-edged sword, having both advantages and disadvantages.
We cannot deny that shopping on the internet is an irreversible trend.
In my point of view,as long as we can do shopping online reasonablely,we can enjoy the convenience greatly.
Good morning.My name is M.It is really my honor to have this opportunity for an interview.
Now I will briefly introduce myself,I am twenty years old,born in X Province.I graduated from S University.My major is English education.I hope I can make a good performance and be successful.
In my spare time I like drawing, singing and dancing.nevertheless,English is my favorite hobby.I often go to English corner to practise my oral English on every weekend.It can improve my English ability.I spent most of my time to learn, I have been through CET4 / 6.Of course, I want to get a job as an English teacher for today's interview.I have enough confidence to do this job.I am a very patient and motivated person.I need a chance to prove myself.I will do my best to do an excellent English teacher.I hope that you can give me this precious opportunity.I'm sure we will get win-win.
Thank you for your attention.
In our class, most students eat healthy food.
hoeever,a lot of students don't have heathy.snacks or drinks.
most students drink some water everyday but a lot of students have more than four drinks with sugar.
Our snacks are not heavthy.
most students eat junk food for snacks, but a lot of students have some fruit everyday.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
After the baptism of the college entrance examination,tens of thousands of young students come to the campus where they will have a precious time in their life.
From my point of view,university is a good platform for us to develop ourselves,making us become successful easier.
And we should also grasp this opportunity to make change.
As for me,the keys to success for a fresher in China are as follows.
First,it is important to cultivate a positive frame of mind,which is helpful for us to face various kinds of difficulties in college.
For another,having a clear goal and knowing what is supposed to be achieved is also of great importance.
Nonetheless,what is the most important is that we should have a high degree of self-control.
Because university is a place where you can arrange the time by yourself,totally different from the high school, those who don't have a high degree of self-control are easy to get addiction to something that is a waste of time,such as computer games,which will ruin our life.
If we don't reflect ourselves regularly,we will never have any progress.
To sum up,cultivating more good qualities is the key to success.
Besides,it is also important for us to try something new,which can broaden our horizons.
Just as the Mendeleyer,Russian Chemist says,"Genius only means hard-working all one's life".
Only by keeping studying,can we keep the pace with the modern science and become successful.
Many students have a common problem.When I was an elementary student ,I hated to go to school early .
Because of my sleeping habit,I used to sleeping for eight hours.
But now,it is impossible for me to do that.
I am a senior high school student, whose life is filled with pressure.
I study so hard that I have no additional time to get along with my family.
If I were a baby,I would live in a wonderful life.
However,it is a impossible thing for good.
When it comes to evacuation drill, many people don't take it seriously,but from my personal opinion,konwing the basic ways to ecacuate and protect ourselves is very important,just as the saying goes:the safty is much more important than money.
Fist,we should be clam and try to find somewhere safe,and don't be nervous.
second,listen to the guid of your teachers and adlts.
Recently,with the development of the Internet and the popularization of computer,it has been a fashionable trend to shop online.
We can buy almost everything in front of our computers instead of going out.
The greatest advantage of online shopping is extremely convenient.
Shopping online can save our precious time that we wasted on the way.
We just need to click the mouse and use the credit card then it's accomplished.Secondly, there are wide varieties of products online.
We can find anything we want what we can't find in the real shop.
Last but not least, we can compare the price with various shops.
However,each coin has two sides,so it is with online shopping.
For instance,go shopping outside with your friends is enjoyable.It's a good method to make more friends.If we shopping online,we may miss the enjoyment.On the other hand, although we can see the evaluation about the seller and the product,we still have the limit.
We can't see the real one and we can't feel the quality.
It's important for us to pay more attention to it.
The government should make rules to make it better and protect the consumer.
Only by this can online shopping becomes safer.
After graduate from senior high school many students becoming more and more lazy.They suffered much stress in high school,and the teacher in high school are very strict to student.college The teacher in college pay little attention to student,so the student in college feel more free than before.
They stay out play computer games in evening for the most part and get up very late.Sometimes,in order to sleep more they do not go to classroom study.they dislike study but spend much money on apperance and other areas.
I think such life style is harm to health.Eating disorder can cause many disease.Student should regard study as their first task.If the final exam you can not pass.you will not be allowed to graduate.
In my opinion,I think the first , college student should gut up ragular and have breakfast every day.second we are spposed to go to have every class and regard study as the first things we should do.The last but not least.We should make a plan and save money.We can also find a part time job earn money by ourself.
I think If you do that ,you can live a healthy and colourful university life.
My name is X.I made a plan which is to go to the nursing house with my classmates to enjoy the Double Ninth Festival.Now let me tell you something about my plan and I hope you will go with us together.
As I know that you like the Chinese festival very much so I want to invite you to go with us.We will have many interesting things to do there such as make dumplings and have some performances.I think you must be liked it.Make dumplings is exciting and we can do it together.So,join us please,I am waiting for you.
We will go to the nursing house at 7:30 and go back at 5:00 in the evening.
Looking forward to your reply.
I want to study English.because English is very popular and useful.Now more and more people start to learn Englih and it is a international language.As a student,I need to learn and use it.If I study it well,I will read some English articles and see some films.Most important,I can use it to talk with foreign people.So that I can know their culture and their feelings.
Nowedays,many students do not pay attention to the English spelling .This problem is increasing.
I think it is because of the following tow reasons.Firstly,many students think that take a good test scores ,therefore they do not acquire knowledge from the examination.Secondly,more student do not carefully the English spelling.
To reduce the spelling mistakes,I think teacher must tell student how essential the right spelling,and students should practice more frequently and form a habit of not make spelling mistakes.
Sima Guang is a very famous person in Chinese history.
He was very clever when he was young.
There is a well-known story about him.
One day, one of Sima Guang's friends wanted to hide on the tree when Sima Guang was playing hide-and-seek in a big yard with a big tank which was full of water.
But unfortunately, he was blown by a heavy wind and fell into the tank.
Some children were crying, others were asking for help, but Sima Guang was clam and thought how to save him.
Suddenly, a boy was tripped by a stone and Sima Guang saw this and had a good idea.
He carried a big stone and threw it to the tank.
The person who was after hearing the story would have the same impression with Sima Guang, it is what a good and clever man he is, so do I.
As a freshman,l feel obviously the college life is different from the high school life.Now we have more free time,we should spend our time on many meaningful things.We can't waste time and we should make many things enrich ourselves.To make ourselves get more perfect than before.
In my opinion,we should continue to study hard in the college,because it relates our future development.University is a place where offering many opportunities,student union is a good platform that gives us the chance to show ourselves.What's more,we can participate in some clubs which we are interested in,to explore our life.
Nowdays, the phone's users are becoming more and more, and the major users is the teenager.
As students, we should put our hearts on studying, instead of the phone.
Everything has two sides, including the phones.
Let's go to see the disadvantages of using phones.
firstly, if we use phones as a long time which can make our eyes myopic.
Secondly, the phones can disperse our attention of studying.
Thirdly, it takes a lot of time in studying that we can't finish our homework.
Finally, many phones have done harm to our body because of the radiation.
As for the advantages, there are many people using phones in directly that can make our life simpelly.
For example, it is a good tool to trasmic information in our daily life.
Not only can we study on the phone, but also can make ourselves relaxed.
Normally.
when we study tired we can listen to some musics by the phone.
As far as I'm concernd, we should find out the reason why we use phones and try our best to study hard from now on.
we are supposed to put our phones down and take out our books to study.
Fighting, for our future,for ourseives.
Recently,the topic of studying abroad become so popular.In my view,everything has two sides.The advantage is that we can learn some different cultures and histories to make our life colorful,and we can also learn how to settle troubles alone in any times.The disadvantage is that we will be confused sometimes when we choose something different about the culture and economy of two countries.Because we are influenced by studying abroad and we will compare our national country with others.So if you choose to study abroad,you'd better learn how to mix two different cultures up.
Nowadays, with the development of society and technology, more and more industries have sprung up.
But at the same time, many cities are facing increased pollution.
It is a clear and present danger to the fabric of the world.
Protecting environment is very important to every country.
If China adopts the unsustainable lifestyle of most western nations, a new set of environment problem could arise.
In my opinion, I think the most important thing is to strengthen the management of the government.
On the one hand, many factories may continue to pour the dirty water into rivers if government don't adopt some policy.
On the other hand, only when government appeal to the public to do something meaningful, can environment become better.
Besides, it is very necessary that public receive the education about the hazard of pollution, and new laws must be passed to place strict the control over industrial pollution.
Above all, the earth is our home and we have the duty to take care of it for ourselves.
I hope the problem can be solved in the near future, and everyone can start from the trivial.
I believe someday the world will become clean and beautiful.
I went to Mout Yunmen on my holiday with my parents last week.
The weather is very nice.
The sun shines earth.
The Mout Yunmen is in the Qingzhou Town,Shandong Province.
It is 421 metres high.
Especially the word"life"is the most famous.
The word is 7.5 metres high and 3.7 metres wide.
Here the air is very fresh,and we looked many kinds of trees and lost of birds.
We had a picinc and we took some photos with the natural wonders.
Although the day is very fired,we were very happy.
We enjoyed ourselves.
My name is X. I am 20 years old.I am a college student english department.When I recived a letter from Mr Johuson.
I am very happy.I want to became a volunteer .
I usde to be a volunteer,so I have experieve I have many hobby such as help someone ,play basketable,study english and so on.
please you call me * or come to my school,I very want become volunteer ,I will work is responsible for volunteer.
One of the pressing problems facing our nation today is that should we either concentrate on improving industrial skill and modern technology or promote education first.
Most people support that the developing countries need to concentrate on improving industrial skills and modern technology.
Personally I support the argument that developing countries should concentrate on promoting education first, because no matter what area of interest the country wants to improve, it is all based on education.
As far as I am concerned, education has become the most serious problem in the world.
First of all, when we watch news in developed countries, we can always see that human recourse are important to the country.
Human recourse is becoming more and more important to the world.
In my opinion, if the developing countries want to develop, the need a strong support from the area of human recourse to faster develop their country.
Secondly after considering this issue, I believe that education is the source of national development.
Because if the country want to improve industrial skills and modern technology independently ,the country has to have they own human recourse to do it, as a result, the development of education is the most important problem the developing countries are facing.
If a foreign friend is coming to visit my hometown,I would take him to visit a beautiful mountain,called the Yellow Mountain.There are several reasons to account for my recommendations.
First of all,the Yellow Mountain is one of the most famous mountain in China.It lies in the south of Anhui.Every year,thousands of chinese and foreigners pay a visit there.It's not far from here.In addition,while you are climbing the mountain,you can enjoy the sea of clouds,wondrous pines,and unique rocks around you.In the early morning,when the sun rises,the sky looks very beautiful.It's really a nice place to visit.Everyone will be attracted by the beauty of the scenery.
Based on the reasons above.I'm sure he will enjoy the beautiful sights in the Yellow Mountain.Also,I hope he will love my hometown.
Last week,the English club in our school have a discussion about"our weekend activities.
We are surprised that there are fourty percent of them do it everyweekends.
And twenty-five percent of them like watching TV or listening to music on weekends.
Twenty percent of them use the Internet for relaxing everyweekends.
But there are only ten percent of them help with perents for housework,it's not good.
And five percent of them join the sports activities.
I think more and more students can not reasonably use rest time.
They may need a improve.
With the develop of society, gradually person's living standard was to improve.
So some university students begin to aspire desiger labeles.
As far as I am concerned, this action have double faced.
First and foremost, aspire designer labeles can encourage students a lot sense of uplift.
For example, some students will labour for a better life.
Besides, most designer labels could let person look like more self-confident.
Last but not least, aspire designer labels already become someone's a living conditions.
Despite that, students can not earn their own income through work.
If they always lay out by family.
It must be due to family economic burden.
Next, students will form a compare unrealistcally of mentality.
From what has been mentioned above, we can come to the conclusion that aspire designer labeles within the limits of economy by individual.
As we all know, love is the greatest in the world.
Parents give me their hands when I need help.
Friends help me when I feel lonely.
When I get love from my lovely dog, I feel not only people but also animals know how to show their love.
My pet dog always sits beside me because I'm alone.
He often uses his nose to touch my feet.
I'm gong to play with him more regularly to show my love.
He lets me know everyone loves me even my dog.
Love always around me, it warms this world.
This is a story about a little boy who crippled and installed a pair of appliance.
Two men staring at the boy when his feet stick in the iron shelf.
After his mother's struggle, his feet have freedom.
The women asked two men resentful and tell the boy who named forrest should fully confident of himself is superior to others, and how to understand his brace.
Their house is far from the center and has a long history.
His mother told his that he is no different than anybody else frequently.
Nevertheless the principal said that the boy is real different.
His IQ is lower than others, which only have 75.
Although the mother get angry, the principal said the boy's IQ is lower than others again that he can't go to the public school to study.
Life is like a colorful box of chocolates, you never know which is belongs to you.
The women have great effects for her son.
Her teaching of the boy make he get himself miracle in his life.
Everyone's life is individualistic and unique.
Forrest Gump grasp at opportunities whether where he goes or what he does.
He has no talent but have too many gifts from his mother.
Belief from mother reduce pressure in his life, make him have great altitude and willpower.
We have completed body but our character in the absence of perseverance, so that we are mediocre in life.
Envy can't make you are a winner in your life, but insist can do it well.
Please change your manner, while you have enough time.
Fallowing my recent experience of the training package course on English your company offered, I have decided to send you some feedback in the hope that you can improve your services.
Firstly, you said you will provide the experienced and highly-qualified teachers for us, however,in the contrary, the teachers I met are badly poor, especially the foreign teachers.
They made many mistakes on grammar, and some foreign teachers are just standing on the stage speaking themselves without communicating with us, for which many students generally reveal it's no use for improving their oral English.
Secondly, it is true as you said on the ad.
that the personal placement tests are offered to the year-long customers, however, it hardly drived me crazy that the test result is not accurate because of the unfitness of my present-stage performance.
In addition to that, it totally charged me a lot on the monthly Mini-test.
What's more, to my surprise, there are nearly 20 students on my class which is completely a big d iscrepancy to the ad.. And the more infuriating thing is that there are just some poorly limited movie viewing without english movies as you said, let along the culture teaching.
Furthermore, it must be mentioned that the quality of the note books is quite unsatisfactory.
I would be grateful to hear any comments you have to make in writing, or I may have to reconsider using your services in the future.
Miss.
I would like to go to Philippines for my holiday becase I can set free myself,go skiing in the beautiful sea and enjoy sunshine on beach there.
Summertime is hot in Philippines,so I will pack for the heat.
Philippines is generally open when it comes to cloth and it's popular with young people.I don't want to take formal clothes but wild clothes is very important.
In order to enjoy beautiful summer and comfortable sea breeze,we should be prepared with wild colthes like bikini which can make us fashionable and shoes like flops.
Boracay Island can open you a comfortable experience.Just take wild clothes to dress and enjoy,it will be a unforgettable memory in my life!
Welcome to my room.
My room is not big but it is very beautiful.
Please let me introduce it to you.
When you stand on the south side of the room, you can see a green armchair toward the northwest on your right.
An end table is located in the southwest with a lamp on it.
In the centre of the ground is a yellow rug.
A sofa with a pillow is near the end table.
I love this pillow very much so that I can not sleep without it every night.
The curtain hangs in the window behind the sofa.
In the opposite wall is a beautiful painting my father bought in my twentieth birthday.
A loveseat stands on the northeast corner of the room.
In the east side of the room is a fireplace.
If you like it,you can always come here.
There is growing awareness that with the booming of economy, many cities have become richer.
So, the population of living in cities are also rising.Even some cities' population have beyond what it can contain.Meanwhile the increasing population is caused a lot of problems in the city.
To make it more clearly, we can present some examples of problems caused by overcrowding.To begin with, in nowadays, nearly every person needs a car to make work and live easier.
But, as there are so many people in a city.
This, may be caused the traffic jam.
Besides, there are many factories,companies,hospitals or schools in city those can offer many jobs, so a large number people running the city,but the land is limited for building apartments of houses in city,so, it caused the problem of home.
last but not least, it also caused the problems of environment.
Those problems caused by overcrowding are really serious.
To solve the original problems.
The government need to reduce the number of people run in city and provide good policies to encourage people to work in poor areas.
It not only solve the problem but also thrive the local economy and education.
plan.
MBA degree, she is a clever boy hard, love is willing to help others .
teacher for many times, so the study result is out standing.
will.be more and more beautiful.
In my opinion , in the first place , we should call attention to our personal information.
Not only do we not offer them at random in some strange websites, but we need to distinguish right from wrong among the numerous websites.
Furthermore, it is inevitable that some secure anti-virus soft wares can be installed.
And it will make it possible for that network can run more steadily.
In addition to doing some work by ourselves, the government needs to draw up some policies to preserve national cyber security.
It involves probing for deeply rooted reasons, devising creative solutions, developing high-tech talents and strengthening the supervision.
Because no formal site is easy to abuse our information ,Often there are some virus to cause trouble for us .In the degree of security antivirus software can wait to protect our information security.Era of science and technology is technology is, after allThere is a limit to our own efforts, more effective or national policy regulation, invest more funds to use better talent and technology to thoroughly solve the problem of information security.
Although we still cannot overcome the problem completely, we are studying a great deal about how to protect our national cyber security.
However, consciousness of cyber security should not decline.
Only in this way, we just enjoy the convenience brought by the network.Hope we can do it, the more the better.Find a way to completely effective.
My name is M, comes from Z. I have many hobbies, such as reading books, watching TV, singing songs and playing the badminton.
In my free time, I often read books and listen to my favorite music.
In addition, I don't like shopping and going to KTV.
What's more, I get homesick very easy, I'm sure that I'll miss my family.
When I first arrived at college, I was nervous about my new life, I didn't have any friends here, and it was the first time away from home.
What's worse, I didn't know how to make friends with others.
But to my delight, people are friendly.
And with time going by, I get along well with them.
