In my opinion,drugs are more dangerous than people know.People should be told why in a sensible way.
In our country,we were imparted knowledge about banning drugs as we were children.Drugs are illegal in China.The legalization of anti-drugs can severely attack drug traffic and preserve people's profits.As the advocates of drug prohibition,stars should show a more positive figure in front of the public.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a China's leave,it is also called Duanwu Festival observed in May the fifth on the lunar calendar.
It is said that Qu Yuan drowned himself in the Miluo River,and passed away by the dragon's trapping.People boated to rescue him,but couldn't get a result.World sorrow and throwed rice dumpling into the river to chase the dragon to memory him.For thousand of years,the festival has been commemorated by eating rice dumpling and racing dragon boats.My family is on the south of China,we eat rice dumpling on that day,too.People all make rice dumpling themselves that day and the young men race dragon boat in my hometown,there's always crowd sightseers on the lake-shore that day.You just need such leaves and rice to make rice dumpling,then cook it an hour,it means you can enjoy it when you feel a sweet smell from it.I suppose it's very interesting, also it's as far meaningful as I am concerned.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a historic day in our life.I'm looking forward to the arriving of the next Duanwu Festival,the most important is not only there's delicious food but also the festival is meaningful ,and I can live a happy day with the members of family that day.
Thanks for reading.
Nowadays the world becomes increasingly smaller because of the Internet.
It's play an increasingly important role in our daily lives.
Many people like shopping online .
Shopping online does help a lot in many aspects .
Such as shopping online is much more convenient in that it can't expend time to shopping in the malls .Internet can provide choose online shopping can get something cheap .But shopping online brings a lot of disadvantages.For example, It is difficult to guarantee the quality of goods bough onling .
It is not safety to pay online .
After all, every coin has two sides .We should learn how to take advantage of the Internet resources correctly.
Our country is a big country with 5000-year-old and have a lot of cultures.
But as time going by the traditional cultural is gradually losing for example on the bus, nobody offers them seat to old people and pregnant woman.
And now people always say word when they are eating.
Because of peopleˊs living standards improve people donˊt watch spirit and traditional culture.
In my opinion, now, we should attent tradition culture, respect the old, food lay silent and so on.
Studying national culture, improving peopleˊs quality, let people pay more attention to traditional culture.
In China, the political system called People's Congress System,which means that our country's chairperson, also the leader of the Party, is selected by people's deputies who were selected by each district in whole nation formerly.
It is quite different from the United State or other western countries, the president directly come out by each votes and the elections are striking.
Usually, we only take part in the election of local election.
I have a experience about the local election before the 18th Party Congress when I was a student in China Political Science and Law University in Beijing.
It was my first time to vote which make me feel I connected with our countries politics closely.
In the November 2012, I remember that before the 18th Party Congress opened the whole nation were taking the election on selecting some deputies to participate in the congress.
My school became one of polling stations in Changping District.
On that day, I took my voting certificate to the shool auditorium.
It was becoming a polling station for this vote temporarily.
I showed my certificate to the staff and picked several persons on the name list.
Most of the candidate were my school leaders and teachers.
Even some were not very familiar to us, as they had making speeches formerly, we still could make a determination.
I know that when I throw my ticket in the ballot box, I also make my choice.
In my opinion, the civil right including suffrage is very important in modern society.
In our country, many people care less about the local election because we cannot directly choose the final.
A misunderstand may happened that the leaders are selected early by the top ruling class and we could not make any difference in politics.
The election is regarded as a waste of time .
In the contrary, I cannot agree with this idea.
We choose those who could listen to us and make voice for us.
Then they take actions in improving our society.
One of these behaviors is selecting our country's leaders.
Choosing a good leader can be regarded as a good beginning in our country.
Although our political system is not rather mature and there are many problems in our society in nowadays, we shall be confident in the future.
Cherishing the suffrage and other rights is the responsibility of everyone.
Luckily, I find that more and more people pay more attention on that election before the 18th Party Congress.
For example, the students in our university were actively taking part in this election.
One of my teachers who are appealing for civil right even launched us jointly to choose him as a candidate.
Even though he failed, I still moved by what he had done.
All in all, the election can be a method for us to care our country development.
I believe that if we can cherish and use civil rights in our hand, it may become a strong driving force for social development.
It appeared a phenomenon that more and more showbiz stars abusing drugs and soliciting prostitutes recently.
It has appealed to great attention and also brought a bad influence.
Nevertheless some people think we should give them an opportunity to correct mistakes.
I agree to this point.
Everyone may commit an error sometime.
I think everyone should be given second opportunities.
Following are my opinions.
First of all, as with other people who have been done wrong, the ultimate goal is not to punish the wrongdoers but to make sure they do not repeat their offenses.
Secondly, celebrities who have made mistakes could play a positive role in educating the public not to make the same mistakes.
They can convey a message to their fans about how to stay away from the same errors.
As the saying goes,"Books are the ladder of human progress.
"As far as I am concerned,books ,as the perfct combination of wisdom,play a vital role in our life.
First of all,reading provides us with a platform where we are able to have a chat with giants and the extraordinary historical figures.Their success,failure,or meaningful experiences accummulated in their books,which in turn comes into our treature.Moreover,books cover a wide range of knowledge.As a consequence,there's no denying that they are absolutely necessary approaches to broaden our horizon.In addition,it is reading that motivates our ability of thinking,learning and comprehension.Without that,we couldn't lift our spirit to explore the nature of human and the significant point in our mind.
In brief,the demand of reading is in our blood,thus having no possibility of being replaced.Let's devote ourselves to the kingdom of books and fully enjoy the pleasure they offer us!
At present, some people, because of a phenomenon that many of beautiful girls can still get the good jobs without capability, reach a conclusion that appearance is more significant than capability.
It cannot deny that appearance, in some way, makes a difference.
For instance, when you become an artist, a model, or others like this job, a good appearance does have an impact on your job.
Actually, appearance plays the surface role in your job.
Instead, capability is the most crucial factor in working.
Without your capability, you cannot do the job well in fact.
Only by your capability, can you make it.
When it comes to my viewpoint, I can't agree more that capability is the key to success, not the appearance.
When I graduated from the University,I want to find one I learned the profession related work.In fact the designer's work is very relaxed,I can drink coffe while work in computer designs.This is a very exciting work.
So many people want to have this job,one can imagine my future work will be let others envy.The morning I could have breaklast with my husband and then tocontinue my dream, if I am ring out when the job is not finished and I can put my work home to do.
When I was young, I dreamed that I become a millionaire,a lot of money can what I want,not hard work but now I think salary may only be able to support myself even I couldn't afford to keep.
Adesigner's laborage is very high,I wish the product I designer has a high sales volume,of course they recognized my design products so that I can have a lot of reward is not necessary to worry about my future can't afford their.
In a word,My work is a part of my living, is also a part of my life.
Nowadays,more and more people are busy doing the work.Many people have different thinking.
As far I am concerned, I think it is important to make full use of the time for us.
The time is all, consequently we should not misuse time that we have time every day.
Firstly, The time means the flowing water, We cannot see the same things.
Secondly,the time means the life.
For example, when we are having lunch, playing, sleeping, playing computer games and so on.. To be honest, we have a lot of time.
However, we must do lots of things what it is significant things.In addition,many people have a rather acute sense of the shortness of each lifetime and they want every minute to count.Thirdly, the time means money.
That we will cannot obtain all kinds of things if we have no money.
So we are strict with ourselves.
We know"no pain no gain," At the same time, we should come on and let our life become very beautiful.Different people have different thinking.Some people think the time means life, Some people think the time means chance, some people think the time means our food.
All in all, The time means all.
In a word, it is important to make full use of the time.On the one hand, the time Is a precious resource, we should budget it,save it.
On the other hand,the time will let our life become very beautiful and we should lead a busy life.
Nowadays,The Internet is used more and more widely.We use it for entertainment,working,shopping and communication.
More and more people,especially young people.They communication with QQ ,MSN and Weixin.Every coin has two sides.The advantage is that we can save time,make our communication more efficient.The disadvantage is that we can not see real people.It is easy to be deceived.AT the same time,we will ignore the face to face communication with friends and our parents.I agree with the latter opinion.The reason of my choice are as follows.
According to the statistics,every year tens of thousands of people by netizens.
To make matters worse,People increasingly rely on computers.
In a word,it should be noted that we should take strong actions to prevent young people.The correct use of the Internet will make us benefit,but if you do not learn control ,will make us lost in the network.
People often ask and asked that what is the most important thing in life.
Some people answer that family is the most important and others say love, work or money.
In my opinion, health is the most important in life.
Firstly, be positive.
A positive attitude towards life must be good for health.
It also gives you power to overcome diseases.
Secondly, taking exercise regularly.
Taking exercise regularly or even every day helps you build a strong body which is the base of health.
Exercise can improve the ability of the body to fight disease.
Thirdly, making friends, because friendship is an important part to influence your health.
Many studies show that people with a wide range of social contacts get sick less than those who don't.
I always feel better when I am with friends than when I am alone.
Finally, eating properly, having good rest and building normal daily routine are also important to health.
Health is a problem we should attach importance to.
Only build a healthy body can make us live a better life.
Competitions, existing in varied fields fiercely, are more and more closely connected with education, which makes some education experts for it and others against it.
Nowadays, large percentage of companies takes advantage of the competitions to select talented persons.
And there are many similar cases that the competition is between students or companies.
On the positive side, it can facilitate efficiency and thus promote the development, but it may lead to closedown of some small companies, dampening faith of losers.
I can't agree more with competitions.
As a saying goes that no competitions, no gains.
It can arouse our thirst for knowledge and develop our potential to the full, which plays an important role in stimulating our minds and help us make progress and thus gain success.
So it is vital that we cultivate the spirit of competition.
When I was in middle school, my head teacher once told me that as long as I studied hard, I would feel cozy when I went to college.
Indeed, before I set foot into the gate of college, I always viewed college as my paradise, and I really could not stand my middle school life anymore.
I hated the mountains of homework, the disgusting food in the canteen, etc.
They were enough to me, and they all would disappear in college forever.
However, from now, I have study in college for more than two years, I found I increasingly missed my middle school life.
I missed my friends, my teacher, and the atmosphere of studying hard.
It can't be denied that my morale is fading.
I lose my way to the future, and I can't seek the right direction.
I realize my idle study life is leading me to be a loser.
Gradually, I understand there are some main gaps between my dreamed college life and my present college life below.
Firstly, I haven't got rid of the learning model of middle school.
I have clear aims in middle school but have not in college, which leads me to become negative.
Secondly, the teachers drive me to study hard in middle school.
However in college, study is my own business, but I am just lack in consciousness.
Thirdly, the traditional teaching methods already can't fit better in this new era.
In order to solve these problems, I should re-enact some practical aims, and have confidence to reach them.
What's more, I have to develop my self-control ability, only by this way can I study better and lead a fulfilling life.
We are students in college.Every day,we take the lessons,acquire much knowledge.As if we have learned many useful things every day.However,we ignore the most important one,morality.
Which is important,knowledge or morality.Most of us may think that we should concentrate on our study.But it's not true.Morality is more important than knowledge.But many college students don't really concentrate on it.They who don't want to study hard only make every means to pass the final exam.They spent lots of time playing computer games,singing songs in KTV and so on.So they haven't thought about the morality.According to most of us,we can infer that on the one hand,we are busy preparing for our final exam.On the other hand,we don't really think about the importance of morality.
In a word,we should focus on the morality.Because it's the basic rule for us to study.
We are now living in an information age,in which TVis widely used.With the development of science and technology,TV programme is a wide variety in our lives.And I think we can take in a lot without school by TV programme.
My favourite subject is history all the time,so I like that about history of TV programme.I can understand more things about history on TV.For example,it tells us some thing concerning former human beings' life,work and emotion,I also have a good command of the long history of China and so on.I think through the TV can more vivid and easier to understand history.History of TV programme to let me know more about the historical events,acquire more historical knowledge.
Chinese mandarin has a long history in the world.As a china student,I think we should learn Chinese history and culture,and to our good culture spread to other countries.
Many studies show that the lifestyle will affect the health.
As the economic development,many people's lifestyle have changed.Those people are weak.For example,in the modern day,many people adopt a sedentary lifestyle.They play video games and watch television while sitting,they travel while sitting,and they even work sitting.The sedentary lifestyle will cause many problems,such as obesity and heart disease.Obviously,the he sedentary lifestyle will influence health.
There are many ways to keep a healthy lifestyle.Firstly,we should do many exercises,such as long-distance running,swimming,play basketball.You should make a plan to you training.Secondiy,you need a good Eating habits.You do not pick the food.Especially, do not forget to eat the breakfast.Thirdly,you need enough time to go to sleep.For example,you should make sure eight-hours to sleeping and go to bed before 12 pm.
The lifestyle has relations with the health.The good lifestyle will help us to get the health.
Winston Churchill ,English former Prime Minister , is one of the most outstanding political leaders in the 20th century , exercising leadership in the victory of World War II all over the world .
In 2002, he was honored with a title "the greatest English man in history", Virtually, Not only is he a prominent politician, but also he is good speaker, whose speech is as soul-stirring as thunder and lightening and pregnant with profound thinking and great vigor in the presence of the thunderous applause.
Throughout his political life, he has made hundreds of fantastic speeches.
Nowadays, None could be a storyteller to recount his miraculous legend and magnificent spectacle.
During the gloomy war, Fascists declared and waged a war against the U.S.S.R., which prompted the conviction of Churchill to give a speech on the purpose of war mobilization all over the world.
'Fight to the last and never give up" is resolved to reveal his iron will of a leader.
Under the frustrated and desolate circumstance, he parted from his political field with great dignity while he failed in his presidency after the postwar period.
Most importantly, the last remark "Ingratitude towards great men is the mark of a strong person" leaves an indelible impression on all people.
What's more, his speech also carries his people away ,and it is true of me.
It follows therefore that his speech in due course is shining with wisdom and power , in a sense, which generalizes hard but exclusive life essential---man's nature at birth is good.
It is common for students in high school to wonder the meaning of college education.The importance of college education should not be overlooked.
College is a time of growth and expansion,which is one of the most essential meanings of college.The following two main aspects can prove it.
For one thing,students grow and expand when seeking knowledge and developing themselves.In many high schools of China,classes are divided into two sorts,Liberal Arts and Science,which makes students spend the whole high school years studying on just one sort.However,the departments of Liberal Arts and Science in college are nicely planned to make students of any majors achieve full development.Besides,the college also provides students enough time and space to find their interests,develop interests,experience social practice and enlarge their horizon,so that they can enjoy their colorful college life and develop themselves better.
For another,students grow and expand when living with others,independent from parents's spoiled love.College life make students grasp how to deal with others and to be independent,which will play an important role in later social life.In China,most families have only one child,so Chinese parents cherish their children so much that they rather dedicate all for their babies.That is why spoiled love can be found in most Chinese families.However,this sort of love can never benefit children.The talents our society need are not the immature ones but ones with strong independence.For this reason,it is easy to find that four-year college life frequently can make immature boys into real men.
From the above mentioned,it is on doubt that we should realize the great meaning of college life.
Globalization helped us to know more about the western world.
Recent years the tendency to celebrate the western festivals is growing rapidly in China, especially in university campus.
People hold different opinion about why this phenomenon emerged and how it will influence our daily life.
To start with, the reason why we are more interested in the western festivals, I suppose, is influx of the western culture.
We gradually come to accept the western culture as well as the festivals.
On top of that, the celebration of western festival has become a prevailing custom that most young people want to follow as they had already been bored with celebrating the traditional festival.
Last but not least, these new concept can be quite tantalizing to the curious young people.
In terms of the influence, I assume that the most important impact is the phenomenon will make us less aware of our traditional festivals.
This is definitely not a good influence because it is our duty to remember our traditional festivals and pass them on to the next generation.
However, there are some good points in this phenomenon, such as we can know more about the world through the festivals.
Each one leaves, there are lines of its own.
Each person has the motto of his own.
We should face in a calm mood, when we face the problem that other people's opinion is different from yours.
If you don't use appropriate methods to solve the problem, it will be more and more serious.
In my opinion, we should respect the opinion that the most people decided.
This doesn't mean that we don't voice own opinion all the time.
I consider that the minority is subordinate to the majority is the rule when our opinions are different in all ages.
But we have the right to comment.
The other people can refer to the opinion.
I consider that if we do like this, we will get along with other.
Nowadays, an increasing number of only children are enrolled by their parents in a wide variety of after-school training course--English, music instructions, math and so on.
Most of the Chinese people think that a family with one child is better than those with more children.
On the one hand, many people will try their best to achieve their career success and have little time to care about their children.
On the other hand, if they only raise one child, they can afford better education to the children, and want the child to be a useful person to the society when he grows up.
Meanwhile, as the only children has no brothers or sisters, he must be trained to get on well with other people, such as his classmates, teachers, other families.
Last but not least, they don't have to worry about the possession.
It is more peaceful.
However,there are also some negative views about the only child's family.
The reasons are as follows:At first, they think it is better to have a big family.
Everybody in the family can help each other when they have any difficulties.
Secondly, the more children the have, the better life they will live when they grow old.
Lately, how nice it would be to have a house full of brothers and sisters.
Finally, the only child is pretty lonely and have nobody complain with, have no blood relatives left share with, have no one play with.
As far as I'm concerned, it is enough for a family to have the only child.
At present, population expansion is one of the most serious problems in the world.
Population expansion contributes to a series of problems: shortage of natural resources and food supply, crowded cities and the high rate of unemployment.
Some day the earth will be too crowded for people to live in.
Love is the most ambiguous word to define.
The interrogative sentence, what is love, is a permanent subject to discourse.
Some tasted love and tell the sweet and the bitter; some sang love as a beautiful song; some wrote love to poems.
I believe that everyone can say something about love, and we may have more or less of feelings to describe it.
But we're always unsatisfied with the given answer about love.
Because everyone is doing their own love practice and we're searching for and hoping for good experiences.
Therefore, we may be hurt in the love journey but we must have faith in the next one.
We cannot simply say love is a taste, a feeling, a song or a poem, but wonderful adventure that is worth fighting for it.
Love can enrich our life and make us a better one.
When we appreciate everything that love has brought to us, we can get closer to what the real love is.
We harvested a mass of knowledge in each class all the week.
Nonetheless I was fond of music best.
It made me from timid to very strong.
Music classes taught me lots of songs from famous singers.
Nevertheless my favourite singer is Jay Chou.
He was a famous singer in the world.
In my heart,he was my hero.
He was very talented,and he was an adamant man.
Maybe they are singers, leaders or painters.
Nevertheless they weren't in my heart hero.
My hero is Jay Chou.
When I was obeying his songs, I doped out very much passion.
On account of his lyrics were full of many infectiousness.
He for everyone was a famous star all over the world.
Jay Chou worked so hard that he often hasn't enough sleep.
Nonetheless he never gave up,so he has a strong-will.
He always persisted in it.
Before his career he has written many songs of various kinds of styles.
In my opinion,he has a strong stick to force.
He finally has been a huge success.
And he stood out of many singers.
In this time,he experienced many difficulties and setbacks.
However he always didn't give up.
Because he tasted of a lofty dream,and he payment lots of sweats for his ideal.
If he not works hard,he will not succeed.
His behavior made us know how to strive to pursuit of our ideal.
So we should learned about the good quality of him.
Jay Chou proved in his own sweat.
We can't give up when we were in trouble.
Please believe that:we were not inferior to anyone.
I am glad to see everybody.
Our club is very interesting,funny and valuable.I will try my best to communicate with everybody.
Now let me say something about our club.
Our club have a long history.
You can choose someone who you like.There are many clubs,such as reading club,basketball club, run club, history club, news club.
In this club,you will know different people,do different things.You can play with each other,you can say joke,read book,have some interested idea.This is your school life.The last but not least, do not forget you have to complete the paper.
I hope everybody have a good time.
Now,let us go to enjoy our life.
A growing number of American venture capital and private equity firms have been looking for investment opportunities outside Silicon Valley over the last thirty years, and Europe appears to be the right new investment pastures for them to build global business.
This trend can partly be attributed to the transformation of Europe's individuals, business community, and government research institutes' understanding of venture capital and private equity.
In this article, Benchmark Capital, Vennworks, Crescendo, and TD Capital are the very four American venture capital firms that are setting up offices and developing business in Europe.
Not only do the four firms differ in operational model, also their investment activities are not homogeneous at all, in terms of sector and regional focus.
In addition, American venture capital and private equity firms' investment experiences are not always smooth.
Some of them are penalized for rushing into deals; others suffer from rushing to exit for quick money.
Thus, for a better investment, American venture capital firms need to find the niche market, because they have their own comparative advantages over their European counterparts.
Specifically speaking, European competitors naturally benefit a lot from money sufficiency, contact web, and other local elements.
But, American capitalists can still find a niche through a labor-intensive, team-oriented approach by capitalizing the start-ups companies.
In sum, opportunities and challenges coexist for investment future in Europe.
The obstacles, such as lack of spirit of entrepreneurship, tolerance for risk, and frame of reference, impose difficulties.
However, hope still lies in Europe for its advantages of deregulation and later comer.
It is known that mobile phones are playing a more and more important role in our daily life.Have you noticed not only do you and I take with a mobile phone here and there,but also most people take with mobile phones everywhere?We can easily see people use mobile phone to watch TV ,play games and surf the Internet and so on when they take a bus or walk.Most people can not have an access to mobile phone past so that mobile phone wasn't very important to people.If we live without mobile phone ,I can't image what will happen in our life.
Nowadays, various kinds of media have been developed, people's shopping via media are quite common.Media and shopping to bring convenience to people, but also bring many problems.Media and shopping for me, it has both advantages and disadvantages,First of all,Has the advantages of convenient remain within doors for business save time and Save considerable advertising costs and expenses, secondly choose large species many real supermarket shopping goods.But the media shopping also have a big disadvantage,Honesty and credit is the biggest problem,Network deception of false advertising have occurred from time to time, fraud malicious have occurred,In spite of this media shopping charm so that people couldn't resist the temptation to it.First of all, for consumers: first, can be in the home "shopping", without time limit orders; the second, a lot of goods to obtain more information, you can not buy local goods; third, the online payment than the traditional cash payment more secure, to avoid lost or was robbed of cash; third, from ordering, door-to-door without buying the goods in person at the scene, is both time and effort.I hope the media shopping can become better and better, make people's life more convenient.
Traditionally, a good teacher entails that who devotes all himself/herself in imparting knowledge to students, particularly knowledge from the textbooks.
With most of his students passing the exams,he then becomes a good teacher.
A bad teacher is just the opposite,he doesn't seem to care about the students enough.As teachers' influence grows in society, they are given the responsibility to be caring and helpful, which is to be not only a teacher but also a friend to students.
I agree that in this case a good teacher be entitled while a bad one vice versa.
I personally hold the view that a good teacher helps the students to learn.
He makes the outline and then quits as an outsider.
When help is needed,students come up to him and the problem is thus solved.
However, forgiving my rudeness to whom I define as "bad teachers", in my opinion.a bad teacher cares only about the students' attendance without ever reflecting on his own teaching style in the regards of liveliness and necessity.
Forcing the students to accept his own fixed idea without ever encouraging the students to step out of the box definitely makes him a bad teacher.
To wrap up,a good teacher encourages students to learn while a bad teacher confines the students to some extent.
We can see from this picture there is a father talking to his son .The boy said to his father:Dad,I am a bit worried about disposing of nuclear weapon.The father answered:If you can empty the dustbin,you can do anything.
From this dialogue we can know the father want to tell his son we should start from doing small things.If we want to do some great things,those small things is basis.The air pollution is very heavily recently.We can't completely clear it,but we can avoid use the private cars to reduce the air pollution.For our English learn,everyone can't learn English very well in a flash.If we want to write a composition,we must remember thousands of words.So we need know the importance of doing small things before undertaking something big.
As a college student,it is important to know the importance of doing small things.We should also tell the people around with our.
As time goes by, more and more people have themselves cellphones.
some advantages are students used cellphone.
For one thing, everyone can learn to everywhere and also strengthen communication between parents and children.
For another convenient the students learn from each other, everyone can become greatest.
But students used cellphone have some disadvantages also.
First, people maybe not used cellphone study.
He can play computer games on the phone.
Secondly, cellphone is expensive, if break out flood, your parents are argument with you.
Thirdly, it is badly for your eyes.
If you use a mobile phone for a long time, you will need to wear glasses.
ln my opinion.
It was an extremely significant class given by our politics teacher, reviewing some key points which had showed up loads of times in recent decades in the college entrance examination.
While we were listening to lecture carefully, I noticed my classmate's unusual behavior.
She was sitting beside me.
Instead of sitting up straight, she set her head against the desk.
I asked in a low voice.
She didn't answer me at once.
But a few seconds passed, when I almost thought that she didn't hear me, she raised her head and said weakly, "I have a stomachache..." It seemed that she was suffering from the painfulness--her forehead was sweating coldly, her hair was wetted and now lay on her pale face and she looked miserable.
our politics teacher asked with dissatisfaction, annoying us whisper while she was talking.
"She has a stomachache, and I think I'd better take her to the doctor.
"I explained.
The class continued, and I held my classmate's hands, walking out of the classroom carefully.
It seemed her painfulness became harder because of the cold wind.
Therefore, I let her sit on a bench and quickly run back to classroom to get a thick coat.
I asked her after her wearing the coat.
"Yes...
It's better now... " she smiled.
After a while, we got to the doctor's office and got some medicine which did make her feel better.
Latter, we got back to our classroom.
"Now, we can concentrate on the class", both of us smiled.
My school is very big.
There are many beautiful places.
Such as classroom, reading room and playground but my favorite is the playground of school.
It is very beautiful which has two big trees and some beautiful flowers around it.
We can play football,basketball and play table tennis.
Together we will walk together in the reading to relax.
My school is very beautiful in my eyes, of course, the playground of our school is the most beautiful of all.
I love my school and I sincerely invite you to visit my school we will warm reception and hospitality.
I love my school and I love my playground too.
College life is fresh and unfamiliar for me.
What's more,it is the first time that I left my home.
So sometimes the college life is difficult for me.
Nevertheless I want to have a great grade and take part in some activities.
I also want some friends no matter students or teachers.
I think they are important for me.
I decide to make my ideas come true.
First I will go to class early and listen to the teacher carefully.
Then I can join some interesting clubs, because it can meet lots of friends.
Last I want to find a part-time job.
I think it will make my life more meaningful.
After the college entrance examination, many students begin their college life.
Most students choose to live in student dormitory.Because they believe the benefits of collective life,of course,there are many people not agree with this view.So there is a heated discussion about the pros and cons of dormitory life.
Some students are in favor of the idea of living in the dormitory.There are many reasons,such as students must be responsible for their own action in dormitory life,and they also need to learn to manage their time and take their daily lives.However,other people hold an opposite viewpoint.They think living a family life is a good choice.Because away from home makes a bad mood,and it will affect the learning.
I suppose the advantages of living a dormitory life overweigh the disadvantages.
So that we will make many friends,improve our ability to communicate.
The promble on campus I want to say is most College Students are pay less and less their attention to their study.There are all kinds of different acctivities on campus.
Most students are devote most of their energy and time to these acctivities so that they don't have enough time studying.Personally speaking,this is unwise.Students should put study at fisrt place.And if you have rest energy you can take part in some meanningful acctivities which can exercise us.
I believe that love is the greatest.
It caused me to constantly move forward.
die for you all.
Love is selfish, it will let you know.
What I think love is the most beautiful in the world.
It is like butter, and is sweet put them in your mouth.
Mygirlfriend and I for eight years.
love will last forever, if we love one another.
The author mainly tells us,the thing we thought we have already known can be strange as it were.To be a creative thinker,we'd better to observe things around us in a different way.
As the proverb goes,"You will find the different after you reading one book in a hundred time.
"I think so,when I really did read the same book 3 to 4 times during my holiday.And each time I open the book and learn it,it gives me the different feeling.Therefore,it works.
Thousands of the facts showed us that every minute is unique.Today I am I,but I am not the yesterday's naughty girl any more.So do the other things.No matter what on earth they are.What's more,In order to be a creative thinker,the important thing we should do just is to see the familiar as strange and the strange familiar.
With the development of information technology, cyber language has stepped into our life and is spreading rapidly.
According to a survey recently conducted among high school students, there are various views about the use of cyber language.
technology,it's a new form of the grass-roots culture.Cyber language is a language which is easy to understand and learn.
It's a language which is convenient and fast to use,too.And,it's usually so cool and interesting that it can enrich the cultural life of the campus and reduce the stress of study.
However,the oppositions think that some of the cyber language is rude and vulgar.And Chinese is the basis of traditional culture.If wo use too much cyber,the generation will forget the traditional culture gradually.
In my opinion,cyber language has both advantages and malpractices.We are supposed to be objective and use it correctly.
The winter holiday is coming.
Daming made a timetable of winter holiday to let his holiday meaningful.
Let us see his timetable.
I think this plan is very systematic.
Learning on the work schedule should not occupy all the free time, he willhave to rest, hobbies, entertainment aside some time, it is important for learning.
When I was growing up, I was grateful for my mother's care.
Actually, she is the one I favorite in the world.
At first, I think all mothers are great and my mother is one of them.
She is not only thoughtful but also patient.
When I go to school, she will prepared a lots needs.
When I meet difficulties or my soul is bad, she will encourage me patiently.
Secondly, she also is a strict mother.
She always requests me studying hardly.
If I go wrong, she will point out my mistakes unhesitant.
At last, not only is she a housewife, she also has a part-time job.
As a good cook, she would make fresh food for us every day.
As far as she is concerned, nothing is as important as her child is.
She is a respectable and a good listener.
Winter is coming.It means that the weather will become cold.Before the winter we have many things to do.People will wear thick clothes against the cold.And animals prepare the food that they will eat in the winter.Some animals will sleep in the whole winter.Before the winter,leaves will turn yellow and fall down.
This year,I cannot stay at home before the winter.I came outside to the University.My parents are not available before the winter,so I must take care well of myself.Of course,I must study hard.Because I think we should have a good rest when the winter is coming.
Before the winter,I feel the whole world became quiet.
People are not being busy.All people can be reunited with their family in the winter.
Whether to learn through reading or through personal practice is a question, to which different individuals may give different answers.
The young and the educated may give priority to the former since they have greatly benefited from amount of reading, whereas the old may put emphasis on the latter since it is different people and things they experienced that actually makes their life rich and distinctive.
In my opinion, both reading and practice contribute a lot to one's profound and fullest learning life.
As the proverb goes, "reading serves for delight, for ornament, and for ability".
Books are collections of a lot of wisdom of our seniors and finding the right book at the right time to read can light emotional sparks within us, motivate us to think and then finally push us to do things actively, enjoyably and without any hesitation.
When we are equipped with knowledge gained from various excellent reading resources, a new world opens to us and our thinking patterns gradually imposed, with strong confidence, high EQ and unusual ability built up in the meantime.
However, if we always acquire knowledge passively through reading books rather than practice in real life activity, we tend to be lacking in ability to solve various problems encountered in our daily life and become kinds of book nerds in the end.
Taken in this sense, all of us, especially those who are young, need to learn by doing and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using our senses to explore the environment of persons, things, places and events.
Only with knowledge and experiences accumulated in constant practice can we get out from unexpected troubles found in our everyday life.
It is well known to all that without actual swimming practice one can never gain the ability to swim in a pool even though he is occupied with plenty of swimming knowledge, and identically without experience of climbing to Mount Tai in Shandong Province, one can never imagine the difficulty in conquering the most magnificent mountain in China, and let alone to appreciate the verse written by Du Fu that "Mount Tai belittles the rest of the mountains".
In conclusion, the most efficient way to learn is to increase the fun of reading, and meanwhile, to participate in a variety of social practices.
A combination of reading, thinking and practicing will definitely make one well-informed and enjoy a more colorful life.
With the increase of China's population.
housing problems are becoming more and more apparent.
Many people complain that their houses are too small to live in.
and we can see in some pool families.
six or seven family members live in one room.
Therefore.
the living conditions can't meet their-needs.
There are many difficulties in solving housing problems.
First.
it's impossible to put all the space into building houses.
Secondly.
the population of China increases year by year and with the improvement of our living standard.
we need more room to relax ourselves in.
Various solutions have been put forwvard.
I think the most important and efficient way is to control the population.
Also.
we can build more high buildings to provide more living space.
I believe the housing problems will be solved.
From ancient times to the present,China has always attached great importance to the education,A high school education was once a guarantee of an individual's ability to work, but now no longer work,Education problem caused the attention of the society,Different people have different views.
Some people think that society appeared many examples of this, a man of high school culture is looking for a high salary, security work will be difficult.Many companies choose degree high priority,so Years of university education and high level of education has become the necessary qualification of employment.Others people do not agree with this views.Because they think that not all has the great fortune of people today are highly educated.
For example ,The star did not highly educated, but they become halo, and wealth, this is what they use their expertise striving.
For me, I agree with the latter point of view.
For one things, Education isn't everything, People think that didn't test the university, there is no achievement in the future,this is a wrong view.Having highly educated is important, but does not mean that non-graduates will be rejected high degrees.
As long as their hard work, there is n o cannot do, even in the absence of higher education.For another things, Nowadays,having highly educated with high degrees of reading, while ignoring the social practice ability, can only be an armchair strategist, eventually will be eliminated by the society.therefore,record of formal schooling is not the only factor that decided to wealth.
My name is X.My roomate very like football.
My roomate watch the football match on the Internet ,but look at his side as he likes to applause .
I'm in the review notes, and the voice of the television affect me.
Tell him turn down many times not to bother me, he accepted my suggestion put down.
And apologized to me.
I accepted his apology, and after review, accompanied him to watch the game together.
Now I'd like to share the ideal jobs of our group members with all of you.
With the longing of designing beautiful clothes for people,Li Hua would rather be a fashion designer.He believes that his wonderful drawing level will help him to make the dream come true.
Chang Lili enjoy being a gardener,the reanson is that she is crazy about plants and has a nice dream to make our city more beautiful.Ma Kai,who has a great imagination,wants to be a writer,because he feel like sharing excellent stories with others.For the reason of the desire to cook healthy food,Sun Jun would like to be a cook.And about myself,I dream of being a doctor,so that I can help the patients to fight against the diseases.
Nowadays, Blog is more and more popular among people and it has played an important role in people's daily life.
There are many reasons why people like it.
First of all, people can write down what happens to them and how do they like it on it, which can let others know them more easily and have a general impression on them.
What'more, Blog can be used to communicate with friends,they can give the message to each other and exchange their ideas in a more vivid and interesting way, which contributes to deepen the relationship of the two.
However, every coin has two sides.Blog, of course, is the same and there also exists some problems about it.The first one that should be noticed is that some untrue information can be easily spread by it and sometimes may confuse or cheat people.
In addition, some famous stars' private information can be found by it, which is not good for these stars.
Personally, we'd better take advantage of it to let it serve us better, besides, we are supposed to keep in mind to avoid its weakness when we use it.
Thank for you take the time to read my letter.I'm writting to say something about the English speech contest and the judge.
The contest in our college is coming.I wish that I can invite you to be our judge in the test.Please reply me when you take the idea.
The preliminary contest will be held in the No.1 teaching building in the room 203 on Mar.31th at 8 o'clock to 10 o'clock.the finals will be held three day after that day.
Please accept my respect whether you will come or not.
Waiting for your reply.
There are several things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.
First .you can consult some information from your friends and neighbors.
Good relative are betterto get a good job.Second ,you can read the classified on the newpapers which offer the information of job openings.Third,you can register in the recruitment agency for help.At last ,you also can make use of the Internet.To log on to the Internet,you are likely to click on your dream job.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly,English become popular,as a student,we should follow the step of the society.Secondly,English is a foreign language,by studying it,we can learn more useful things,such as foreign culture,foreign traindition.Also,we can improve our skill of communication.Last but not least,we can make more friends.
It is saying that knowledge is power, so knowledge is important for us.
We can learn to knowledge from books.
Books are our friends in our life.
We can learn all kinds of knowledge, if you want to learn to cook, you can buy a book of cooking, and you can learn a great variety of ways to cook.
If you are interested in travelling, you can buy a book of travelling, you can look a lot of sights all around the word.
What ever you want to learn, you all can learn from the books, the books can make you knowledgeable and know about the word.
I like reading books.
Reading books makes me relaxed and happy.
I ever read a book, the book's name is < mediocre word >.
The book's author is Lu Yao, I like his books very much and his books make me feel the word is mediocre and realistic.
For example the < mediocre word >, the book reflects temporal life, the book makes me look the people'life is very hard, it can make me realise our life is very happy.
Each book all includes all kinds of meanings, the meanings make us rethink ourselves and know about myself.
I like reading books, it can make me learn a lot and make me happy and relaxed when I am sad.
Books are similar to my friend.
I believe books are everyone'friend.
Books make us become knowledgeable and make us enter into a different word.
With the environmental problems becoming more and more serious,people begin to pay more attention to protecting the environment.Thus,low-carbon lifestyle become popular at present.
Low-carbon lifestyle is a manner in which people live to save resources and protect our earth.Trees are split exccessively.Resources are used without restriction.Much CO2 causes global warming .Therefore,people realise it's high time that we took actions to cope with these problems.So,we advocate low-carbon lifestyle.Now,it become a popularity.
As a college student,we should also take our own responsibilities.We may as well persuade our friends and relatives into living in a low-carbon lifestyle.Specificly,remenber to turn off the lights when you are the last one to leave the room.Recycle using papers and water to saving resources.Eat green food.And we should avoid wasting.Actually,we will protect our environment as well as be more healthier by living in low-carbon lifestye.
30 get up and then wash face and brush teeth.
45 have healthy breakfast.
00--10:30 do his homework carefully.
30--11:30 go to the park and do exercise.
00 have a delicious lunch.
00--15:00 have computer class or English class.
00--18:00 read many kinds of books.
00 have a little supper.
00--20:00 search for the information on the internet or watch his favourite TV programme.
30--21:00 put away his things.
30 go to sleep.
I think his holiday plan is fine, but I think spend more time on study is much better.
Nowadays,everyone living in someone else's care.So we should have a gratitude heart to return them.
But some students lack awareness of gratitude.So that they become the person who only have some knowledge.
Most family have only one child.And everything has been planed when they were a child.So they cannot understand the hardship of their parents.Even some people always pay attention to the benefit more than gratitude.So the society more and more unconcerned.
First,parents should educate their children learn to be grateful.Parents are the best teachers of the children.
Children always think their parents as an example.
And school can organize the students to take part in some voluntary labor.
In order to let them know that life is not easy.
Learn to be grateful,and thanks everyone who help you.
I'm writing to tell you about the discussion we've had about whether an entrance fee should be charged for parks.
Three fifths of the students think that we needn't buy tickets.
As we all know, a park is a pubilc place for entertaining.
In order to charge an entrance fee, gates and walls have to be built around the park.
This may damage the image of city.
On the other hand, rest of the students point out that we must pay for park entrance, but not too much.
The government can use this amount of money to pay for the gardeners and buy more flowers to make our park better.
Taking all these into consideration, it's possible to charge an entrance fee.
These are our opinions of the discussion.
I am Z,the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.I'm writing to invite you to do a lecture on how to improve English writing level at 9 o'clock Wednesday morning in the lecture hall of my school.There are many problems in students' articles,which make us feel confused.I'll list some.
The lack of vocabulary is one of the biggest problems in writing.Students always can't find words that can express their meaning.In addition,grammar is also a main problem.Students are not able to use some subordinate clauses which can make their composition more beautiful.Because of these problems,students' composition are all in the same key and never give people surprise at the moment.So I'll invite you to come.
I invite you for help us improve our writing level.Teaching us some method on how to make our compositions more perfect.As long as the speech is about improving writing level,whatever you say on the lecture.I think you will make a difference on us.
Thank you very much.
Recently, there has been a heated debate on whether child traffickers should be sentenced to death.
In this essay, I shall explain my point of view by analysing both sides of the argument.
Those who argue that child traffickers should be sentenced to death typically made by one major argument.
This is that the crime rate would decline primarily because the the traffickers are afraid of being caught by police and then sentenced to death.
In contrast, there are mainly two arguments on the other side of the debate.
The first argument is that the children who has been abducted might be more dangerous than before basically because the traffickers know that they are going to be sentenced to death.
In this opinion, the traffickers will not care the safety of the children.
They might do some injury to the kids.
The second argument is related to the police.
Due to the fact that the traffickers will die if they have ever been caught by the police, they would try their best to escape from the arrest.
This would be serious as the police can hardly or even never arrest the traffickers.
My personal position is that there is no clear answer to this question as there are such strong arguments on both sides.
Perhaps it is possible for some traffickers who have ever hurt the children badly or kill them being sentenced to death, while others being sent to the prison for some years.
It will depend on the situation of the crime extent.
I think that parrots make the best pet.
First, parrots can live for 50 years, so they can company me for many years.
Second, parrots may respond my feelings easily.
For example, they will make me happy when I feel sad or bored.
Third, it is smart of them to speak.
They are able to say "Hello" "How are you" and so on.
Some smarter parrots can even sing.
Finally, it is not difficult for me to keep them.
They just have gains, fruits and vegetables.
The life of university is colorful.In the university,it is obvious that the college students reserving a seat in the classroom or library,the freshman hope study,so they reserving the form seat,but senior reserving the late seat.There are different opinions among people as to the freshman should hard study,the senior can do other things.
There is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of reserving a seat,because the freshman need the seniors' help,only about the phenomenon,the freshman will think the college study is meaningless,they will turn to be lazy.
In my opinion,we should not do this.I think we should make sure all students can see the blackboard.If all of us can improve our consciousness,it is not a difficult task for us to get rid of this kind of phenomenon reserving a seat.
It is revealed by surveys that a great number of college students download papers from the Internet to save the trouble with doing the assignments,which arises much concern.As a matter of fact,this kind of academic dishonesty would lead to many harmful effects which can be listed as follows.
First and the foremost,college students themselves are the main victims.Maybe they can profit from the dishonest behavior at that moment but not for a lifetime.There is no doubt that their papers have anything but novel because many arguments have been discussed again and again by others.Once found plagiarizing,to some extent,the students will be punished.In addition,if they succeed in doing this,the students are apt to form the bad habit of being dishonest,which will mislead them in their life or ruin their life.Furthermore,this kind of academic dishonesty also has a great bad influence on the academic field.Can you imagine that if everyone downloads papers from the Internet without activating our wits and minds?Apparently,something like innovation would never appear in the academic field.And things will stay still forever but not step forward.
From my point of view,in order to prevent this phenomenon,relevant laws should be made to tackle the college students who copy others' academic achievements.Besides,colleges can set different incentive system to encourage students to work hard for their papers and voice their own opinions.Last but not least,colleges should nurture the students the noble quality--honesty in many ways,which is the best solution.
Liu wei, an armless piano player, has a very special experience.
When he was ten years old he's arm was lost in incident so he couldn't move his arm, life was not easy for him,but he not gave up dreaming about becoming a piano player,he stopped feeling sorry for himself.
Through work hard with feed practiced piano, in the end,he finished his dream in China's Got Talent.
He is my hero and he never gave up because he has an amazing strong will.
So I think he's a true hero.
I am a student in this school.I know you will have some lessens in this term,and Iwant to take part in the Today America.
I am very interested in this class.I can speak English fluently,so it isn't difficult for me to understand what you said.The reason why I whant to learn it is that I want to know some differences between America society and China society .And I like the freedom life and American's lifestyle.so I want to know some interesting things about it.
I hope you can consider me.I am looking forward to receiving you reply.
I am glad to know that you are going the fours school.I would like to give you a brief intruduction to it.
country.It's surround by mountains.There have a pool in its east.then, Though there is poor,there is beautiful.last There is lots of lovely students and a lot of kindness teachers,they are hard work.I hope you can come.In a Word,If you Will come,I Will happy and for you to guide.I am sure to you Wii have fun.
I extremely admire in the novel the senior fisherman's will, he let me understand one person certainly must have relentless spirit, then could obtain successfully.
The novel description is one year near sixty years of age senior fisherman,alone goes to sea in one fishing, fished a big fish, actually did not pull.The senior fisherman socialized several days after the fish, then discovered this was the big marlin which one surpassed the oneself fishing boat several fold, although knew perfectly well very difficult to win.
But still did not give up.
Afterwards and further because in the big marlin wound fish fishy smell brought in several crowds of shark fish snatches the food, but the old person still did not hope like this to give up, finally highlighted encircles tightly, Returned to the big fish belt the fishing port, lets other fishermen not admire.
When I read " the senior fisherman think: here to the seacoast really was too near, perhaps could have a bigger fish in a farther place... " I extremely admire this senior fisherman, because he by now already projected on some fish, but he had not settled to the present situation,he was approaches the bigger goal advance.
Again has a look us, usually meets one slightly is difficult, we all complain incessantly.
We will be the motherland future, will be supposed to like this old person same mind lofty aspiration,and will even better pursue even better, the bigger goal.
When I read " the big marlin start fast to gather round the young fishing boat hover, twined the cable on the mast , the old person right hand lifted up high the steel fork, leapt the water surface in it the flash, did utmost throws to its heart, one wail ended the big fish's life, it was static static floats on the water surface... my heart also liked together the big stone falls.
Reading likes a road,which your footprints on when you walked through.I extremely admire old pers.
Most of us feel nervous whenever we're taking an important exam.
Some will feel dizzy or tired, some will suffer from lack of sleep, and some will lose their appetite.In my opinion,these bad emotion will have a terrified effect on our exam.
However,as the students,we should try our best to conquered the obstacles which we must face.Firstly,we are supposed to make a suitable plan,it is the most important thing that what to do in the beginning.Seconndly,learn to take a good rest.If you go to bed early last night,you would have done a good job during the exam.Thirdly,a hot bath and a glass of milk before sleeping may bring good fortune to our exam.Finally,it is before the writing that you should take a deep breath to relax your mood.
In a word,confidence is the effective weapon to defeat our examination.
I'm fine.How about you!
The hometown has been great changes since you left here.The life of the people is geting better and better.We are all very happy.In the past,the houses were small but they are big and rommy now.Lots of people have lived in the fully equiped.apartments.Every home has used the telephone and bought TVs,washing machines,and fridges.They brought comfort to our life.
The new and spacious roads connect the villages and cities.
Villagers have bought tractors,trucks and cars.They can help us to go everywhere less time.The schools here are not bad.Many children study in the school.The government pay more attention to the development of villages so that we can have.better life.
Best wishes to you.We are all hoping you to come back.
I had a wonderful experience during this summer vacation.And everything was new for me,a new life in X!
And because of the special geographic location, there is few rainfall.
But when you were on the road, you may find that there were lots of waters on it.However, while you getting nearly, all of them would disappear!
Sky here is bright blue.
Nowadays, food safety has drawn people's attention, more and more people are concerned about it.
A lot of factors may contribute to this problem.
Onthe one hand, businessmen in pursuit of economic benefits, regardless of the food safety.
So, the emergence of many black businesses in society.
On the other hand, market economy is lacked of policy constraints, under the situation, businesses dare to risk.
What's the most important is that businesses lose conscience and don't worry about customers' health.
As far as I'm concerned, food safety has become a serious problem, we must do the following.
Firstly, government should take measures to manage the market, such as strengthening the food law.
Secondly, businesses should be educated about importance of food safety.
Thirdly, people should concern more about food safety and stay away from junk food.
I't high time that we should take above.
Only in these ways can we have a healthy diet.
Nowadays, more and more celebrities' private lives are exposed to public, including their improper actions.
Although they have been punished by the government, their illegal actions still have an unfavorable effect on society.
Whether they should be forgiven also caused a heated debate in the society.
As far as I'm concerned, they should be given second chances.
Firstly, the ultimate purpose of the conviction is not punishment but to make sure that they don't repeat their errors.
In this spirit, they should be given another opportunity.
Secondly, it's cruel to these celebrities to terminate their careers just because of one mistake.
The punishment is too harsh and unfair for them to accept it.
What's more, celebrities who are able to correct their mistakes can play a positive role in educating the public.
It can help the celebrities stay away from the same mistakes as well.
In conclusion, celebrities who have made mistakes should be given second chances just like others who made mistakes.
They will feel grateful for our forgiveness and appreciate the second chance.
My name is W,jessica is my English name,which is also the name of my idol.I am an active girl.
First of all, I like singing and doing sports in my free time.Therefore unlike many other girls,I'm good at sports.Swimming,skating,basketball and so on.Besides, I want to make more friend in the college and I'd like to travel all over the world.What's more, my dream job is being a professional translator.Perhaps someone thinks it's difficult to study well.But I like it.I hope I can speak fluent English in the future.Last but not least I am kind-hearted.If you need help,please come to me.
I always believe that if we try our best,everything can be done well.
I'm a high school student.
I find many works of art and many valuable intangible cultural heritages around us.
So I think it's essential to set up a new art gallery.
With the rapid development of economy, people demand more then food.
The new good art gallery will appeal to many people who like visual art.
My suggestions are as follows.
To began with, it should be a special facade which feels like a real art.
Besides, it should collect not only paintings but also intangible cultural heritages which are all created by local people.
It'll be a unique gallery which only belong to Jinhua.
From my perspective, the art gallery will bring us the visual delights of art and more knowledge about art.
It's a chance to inherit our culture.
It also needs your and our efforts.
Recently,more and more house problems come off in cities.
On the one hand,many persons can't afford to the house.
On the other hand,some people have not only a house in the city.This is one of the reasons causes the problem.
However,the problems are the basis of price.
For example,as a worker,if you want to buy a house in Beijing or Shanghai,you can't pay for the price forever.But if you are bosses, it's easy for you.
Another reason,the Chinese population has grown up until now.China is the world's largest population country.And subjective reason is about our government.They should limit the price and they should limit the number of the house.If they can do,it's good for poor people.
As for me,I am absolutely in favor of the government take measures to restrict on the price and quantity.In addition,the land agent should make the reasonable price.In a word,this is my advice.
In the future,i have a small house with a garden at the suburb.many flowers and trees in the garden.where i always read book at the afternoon.
And i become a teacher,have many good students.
I Love them just like mother like chuilden.of course thire like me too.
I'm also a writer, i'm writing mang stories .all stories it's i like it.they are very intesting.
I think i will be very happy in the future.
I hope i will sucsses.
Everyone has the worry, I is no exception.
difficult to study well.Sometimes I can't understand what the teacher said, although I very hard.
I study every day very hard, but still can't get good grades.
The teacher always's very hard on me, which made me very nervous.
I don't know how to do it.
Recent years have witnessed a phenomenon that the air pollution in cities is more and more serious.
As is known to all, many people are appealing to protect the environment.
And there are various ways to deal with this problem of air pollution.
From my point of view, reducing the emissions will be effective to improve our environment in the long term.
There are various ways to reduce emissions.
First of all, automobile exhaust is most significant part for air pollution.
It's true that cars bring great convenience to our life, but we must take responsibility for ourselves and generations beyond.
So we should have no hesitation in decreasing using cars.
Instead, walking is an essential way that not only strengthen our bodies, but also improve the quality of environment.
In addition, the smog from factories is also harmful to the atmosphere.
As is often the case, the industry is beneficial to the technology development of a country.
So we can't cut the smog from factories.
But anyhow, we should try to slow down the speed of factory's increment.
As a matter of fact, we must be award that the importance for protecting the environment.
In spite of difficulties, reducing the emissions should still be carried out.
All in all, weak as we are, we still take effect to the society.
Let's try our best and call on others to reduce the emissions.
When modern people talk about lifestyle nowadays, the low-carbon lifestyle will surely be one of the most popular words in their discussion.It's in people's mouth, in daily news, in government's papers, in scientists' lab and so on.
Actually, the low-carbon lifestyle means that less greenhouse gas, mainly contains carbon dioxide, should be exhausted in our routines.
For example, riding or taking the public transportation to schools or working places instead of driving, turning up the temperature of air-conditioners, even just turning off the light when you leave the room can reduce the production of carbon.
In my opinion, as a college student, to carry out the low-carbon lifestyle, I should focus on saving electricity.
For instance, I should turn off lights in the dormitory when they are unnecessary and turn the computer into sleep mode or just turn it off if I don't use it.
Such easy behaviors can be found everyday if I pay more attention on details of my life.
In a word, low-carbon lifestyle is an attitude towards life, as more and more people realize the damage of the greenhouse gas overload, I believe that they will change their life attitudes and enjoy the low-carbon lifestyle.
In recent years, a growing number of American venture capital and private equity firms have set up shops Europe and most of the American VCs target the Europeans market with a dedicate fund.
There has been a great transformation of Europe's business and corporate environment over the last five years, and American venture capital look at Europe as a promising market in the long run.
Give that Europe is an area with substantial political, institutional and regional differences, investors should not only focus on sectors, but also consider regional opportunities in Europe.
For now, Investment activities of different firms in Europe have many different styles and different interests.
European venture capital industry is steadily growing in spite of they are still small compared to US, and US venture capitalists can find a niche at early-stage investments in young companies in high growth sectors represent, while given European firms tend to focus on mid and late venture capital.
Although Europe is on the right track to create the right culture for venture capital there are still obstacles that need to be removed, tolerance for risk taking is far lower than US and regional differences are still big problems.
Even so, there is optimism look for the long run of Europe.
Because that is boring to our.
But we must undestand our parents, because they are cares for you.
I think college is a society.
Go to society need knowlege.
My aim college is have a good job.
I can earn a lot of money and become a boss.
Come ture college aim need spend many time, but i don't afrind.
Only i hard i can.
I began go to college, i was excited and fear.
Because i was lonely no friends with me stay a same place.
But now, i'm happy.
College life make me see many different people, they are friendly.
It can jncrease my power, my aim is no change.
I will find part＿job and learning talking with friends.
In order to my aim.
Dream is bia, but i don't afriand.
Maybe you are drinking nutritious bears' bile,maybe you are tasting delicious fin,maybe you are appreciating ivory's luster.However,on the back of what you are enjoying,actually it's cruelties.
It is universally acknowledged that the animals' skin can make us prettier,and animals' internal organs can make us healthier.But we can't just regard on ourselves.Human beings live together with the animals in the world.We have the same family,that is the Earth,so we should get along with the animals.Actually we should protect the environment and the animals' habitats.
Nowadays,the sorts of the animals are decreasing.Furthermore,many animals are facing the extinction as a result of the fact that the human beings destroyed their family and took possession of their lands.From my point of view,lives are all equal in value.We haven't the rights th kill the animals.
Recently,there are a plenty of advertisements on TV promoting the theme,"No business, No killing ".That's right,if nobody wants the animals' skin,the animals will not be killed.That's just up to us.So we should set up a consciousness that it's our duty to protect the animals.
Human and the nature should depend on each other,and live in peace.Every life should be respected,no matter what you are.If everyone can realize this,the poor animals would not be killed cruelly.
Animals just same with us,they have the emtion,and they can feel the pain.If we love them,they will love us either.So just remember"No business, No killing ",and make it in practice,I believe the world would be warmer,and more compatible.
Standing in the line, I exercised the steps under the instruction of my tutor.
I was one of the oldest students in the swimming class.
At the beginning of this summer, I determined that it was time for me to learn how to swim.
Thus, as soon as I came back to my hometown, I enrolled in swimming lessons in which most of my classmates were children.
When I first came to the class, my face blushed with apple red.
It seemed that there was no right place for me-such a big sister.
However, after a long-term adaptation, I did not feel embarrassed as before, because I have made friends with many kids in my class.
Standing among the kids, I found many of them were already able to swim.
I was looking forward to my tenth class, thus I could take off the life vest and swim by myself.
After the exercise, we queued for life vests.
When I came upon to the tutor, he told me that I should swim without the life vest this class.
At that time, I thought he was kidding me and so just smiled to him.
However, he passed the life vest to the next kid, left me standing there with a frozen smile.
I cannot believe that it was true, and I had to swim by myself this time.
Suddenly, I felt the temperature smashing down in no time.
The only thought left in my mind was to retreat as soon as possible.
Two boys were standing there, laughing at me.
The smile stayed still in my face and my shivering calves tried their best to keep upright.
I put myself into a dilemma.
Then, the basic steps of swimming raced through my mind.
Other kids jumped into the pool as happy ducks to let me envy.
Just then, a thought came to my mind "Why can't I just hide in the back until the end of class.
As I was thinking, a wicked smile appeared in my face.
the tutor found me and shouted at me loudly.
My plan failed.
I moved to the tutor with two lead legs.
Before I realized it, I was pushed into the water.
Although I was in a non-swimmers' pool, I found my mind went into black soon.
"One, two, three, four-" I repeated the steps in my mind and tried to do in the same way.
The cold water immersed me deeply, my legs and arms seemed frozen already, and the best efforts I took did not effect at all.
Through the water, I found a little boy swimming towards me, so I grabbed him with my whole effort.
Shaking at the edge of the swimming pool, I saved my breath angrily.
The tutor's behavior made me so uncomfortable that I hoped to end this class soon.
However, did not after I gave vent to my anger, the tutor came towards me, saying that I must swim alone today, and pushed me into the pool again.
Clearly, there was no backup plan and the only thing I could do was to learn to swim without the life vest.
As I determined to swim again, I stuck my head into water, and let my arms and legs away from the pool edge.
A dizzy came to me, and I choked again.
Without any straws, I felt helpless in the pool.
However, after trying for an hour, I could swim for about fifty meters.
I dropped back into the sofa as soon as I clambered out of the swimming pool.
Tired and exhausted, I breathed loudly.
Gradually, a satisfied smile emerged from my face, even though my swimming skill was not good enough to enjoy.
After this class, I found I could come over difficulties as long as I exert all my energy.
I was changed by this experience to some degree and I became braver and more patient than before.
Exercise is good for us to build our bodies.Everyone hopes to live happily in the world.
Physical exercise is indispensable to a happy life.
Although you will not necessarily die without regular physical exercises, they' II certainly help you live longer and more healthily.
To develop or maintain physical fitness and overall health, we must involve in regular sports practice.
Chen Jingrun, a Mathematics towering figure, planted himself in complex questions without physical exercise.
His premature death highlighted the significant health benefits from sports.
Historically, physical activity has been associated with health.
Today, science has confirmed the link, with overwhelming evidence that people who lead active lifestyles are less likely to die early, or to experience major illnesses such as heart disease, diabetes and cancers.
A vast majority of college students do not meet recommended levels of moderate physical activity.
Let's participate in more physical exercise.
How are you?Yes,I will tell you something about the change in our hometown.
There are a lot of change in our village since you left.And now,not only the road is more wide,but also the villagers are all have good jobs.In addition to these,the government built the house to us,too.So we do not live in the old and low houses.These houses are so beautiful and big,so many people live in this complete function's flat.In this flat,it has telephone,television,washing machine,fridge and so on.
Once upon a time,the roads are muddy and narrow.But now,the roads are wider,and they are connecting the village and the town,because the traffic is more easy,so the government buy us some tractors,trucks and cars to transport some crops.
Not only in the life,but also in the education.The government is paying attention to the education.So the education is better and better.The government also pay attention to the reconstruction of the village to change into the city.
This is a poignant love story.
zhu yingtai disguised as ment to study in Wan song academy,in the meantime,she met liang shan bo and becoming brothers.Butterfly lovers classmate three years,but he aways did not know she is a women,only read brother affection,no special felling.I wish father female,she had to be returned.Yingtai before i leave to say to his identity and emotional.
Liang shan bo home is very poor,when he had to go to Yingtai home to marry him,her father already marry her to a rich man.Two mournful promise:born differend blanket,die den to!Later he was apointed as county magistrate ranked,because he too much thoughts,and finally died.Yingtai is very sad to hear that ,when she was married ,went to his grave and festivals.
As this time ,the tomb is opened, she jumped into it.Eventually become two butterflies.
We have only one earth, So please protect it.
But people are doing something to hurt the earth.
First, lots of fishermen catch fish to make money and some people put the water what is dirty into rivers and seas.
These pollute the water and fish is becoming fewer and fewer.Second, We throw rubbish everywhere.
fewer and fewer.
Cutting down trees is also a serious problem.
This destroys forests and animals.
Without our good environment, we can't live.
According to statistics, each year in the world, about 17000000 hectares of forests are disappearing.
We have only one earth.
So, it's important for us to the earth.
Or our world will become worse and worse.Although we are ordinary and we are only small potatoes of the big world.
We can still do lots of things to protect our earth.For example, turn off the tap immediately after washing your hands.
My school is very big.
Look!There is a big playground,and six classroom is on the floor.
There is a PE teacher′s room,and a Music room on the first .There are five teacher′s room are on the first floor too.
There are seven classroom on the second floor.And seven teacher′s room on the second floor too.
There are nine classroom on the third floor.And seven teacher′s room on the third too.
There are seven classroom on the fourth floor.And seven Teacher′s room on the fourth.And a computer room on the fourth floor too.
This is my school.
When it comes to help others, different person will give different answers.
Some people like to choose help others, however, some would not like to choose to help others.
Those who hold the second opinion believe that help others will let you into trouble.Because there are so many people framed up by person who received their help.
It makes more and more people are afraid of helping others.However, still others think differently.
In their opinion,they think help others is the chinese traditionalist and it will make you feel happy.
Both choose have their own reasen.But in my opinion,I think we should help other when they in trouble.If we do it from ourself it will make the social have hamonors emvirment.
As we all know,reading can make great effects on our growth.But in my opinion,it's not the reading play the major part of makeing a man behave better,it's the practice.
Firstly,although reading makes a man have a wilder ranger of knowledge,it's just to change one's mind,not the behaviour.The only way to behave better as well as successfully is the practice.
Secondly,without the practice,no matter how much knowedge you acquire,undoubtedly,it's 'empty talk'.
Finally,so-called,practice makes perfect.Problems can be solved only through actions not the number of the books we read.
So in my opinion,studying through practice is of great importance,and we should read more books as well.
The school's newspaper wanted English editor.This job has two main part.Firstly,You need chose student can understand text from English newspaper,English magazine or internet.Secondly,You should write and chose student article.
What's more,we hope this job's staff can require some demand.First of all,You should pleasure use your individual's time volunteer to service for students.More over,You should good at English and art.Besides,You can use the computer very well.
If you interest in this job,you must contract with students' Union in this week.
In this article, the author basically demonstrated the contributions American venture companies made to develop European market and their different experiences.
Firstly, he explained quite a few methods by which American VCs began their investment.
Then he illustrated the increasing activities of American VCs.
However, it is cultural and regional differences existing in European area that make US venture investment's market penetration more formidable.
Although European venture capital industry is still in their early stage, they have plenty capital and more familiar with local culture, which consequently poses great competition for their American fellows.
Besides, European individuals are more averse to take risk and couldn't form a big domestic market because of regional differences.
In spite of a multitude of obstacles stated above, expectations for deregulation, more widespread entrepreneurship and other gains from coming to the market late indicate that Americans should have positive attitude towards their late development in Europe.
They need patience and have to make full use of their core competitiveness to find potential opportunities and build up eminent foundations in order to reap huge fruits in the future.
Books can increase people's knowledge and expand the vision of people.
Books can also improve the quality of people.
Reading books is a good habit.
In my opinion, we should read more books and read good books.
It can help es to know more knowledge and improve our quality.
Books are good thing for us.
Reading good books can make people feel relaxed.
You can enjoy your happiness by reading books.
I think everyone should have a good habit of reading.
The world will be good in the future.
Graduate study,a higher learning stage is significant for you because you can get not only the new knowledge but also the ability to study.Here I will talk something about the benefits of graduate study and how to have a successful graduate study.
In my opinion,the one benefit is that you can learn how to collect,analyze and interpret data.Another is that you can get will along with others and have the ability to conflict mediation.The last is the skill of reframing given ideas for diverse groups.In short,benefits of a master's degres include intellectual improvement,personal development,acquisition of enhanced speaking and writing skills and networking with peers and colleagues.How to achieve a successful graduate study and benefit more?
First and most important,I think,is that you must learn to study by yourself.You should learn how to read up the literature and summarize it.Then you must learn the new knowledge and know how to use.The other is you must improve your reading,speaking and writing skills.Thus you can express your research results easily.
In conclusion,we should make our graduate study more meaningful.Do what you want to do and what should do.Charge ahead and keep your goal in sight.
When it is a holiday, many people prefer got to countries than cities.
The air in countries is much better than cities.
It means people have all ready know the harmfulness of air pollution.
In my point of views that we should reduce the chance of private car driving.
I think it will have a good influence in a very long time.
First of all, the direct result will be that the producing of harmful gas will dramaticlly decline at least at the day we all don't drive.
Secondly, from a long-term perspective, it will push us to find some reuse resources.
So the environment will not be hurt anymore.
Last but not least, the things that we can do all need time to adjust so people must be patient.
The small force is also a support so that we all need to do something to protect our environment even just one day off of driving.
The bad things are already happen, what we should do is not complain but do something real to recover where we live.
Different people have quite different views on group cooperation learning.
Some of them are in favor of the idea that group cooperation learning is good.
To begin with, it can develop our team spirit and cooperative awareness.
And then it can promote our learning each other.
What's more, it powerfully promotes classroom efficiency.
Moreover, it is beneficial to our independent thinking.
Last but not least,it can provide a relaxed learning environment.
In contrast, those who hold the opposite view think that group cooperation learning is bad.
First of all, study of relatively poor people will become negative and passive.
Also, we are not very good to listen and share.
Finally, sometimes we depend on others and lose our ability to think.
As far as I'm concerned, I agree with group cooperation learning.
Because group cooperation learning can improve the interest in learning.
In order to make my summer vacation meaningful,I had planned so much.For example,finding a part-time job.However,being lacking in experience,I failed to do that.
Fortunately,my mom called me back to home and told me that there was a job waiting for me.That was to help Lisa,one of my neighbors,with her English and Math.So, I started my work as a teacher.
Every morning,I had to get up early.After breakfast,I went to Lisa's home and started my teaching.
To be honest,I had almost enjoyed every minute except when she didn't understand me after my times of explanation.It just made me out of control and felt upset.One day,I went home and told my mom something about my teaching,she gave me a lot of suggestions to let me be more patient and kind.From then on,I find it much easier for me to let her understand me.What's more,I usually had a heart-to-heart talk with her after we finished the lesson.
I had spent half of my holiday in helping Lisa with her lesson and I think not only she had learned a lot,so had I.It was my first time to work as a teacher and it was really a wonderful and meaningful experience,I'll cherish it forever.
Now I'd like to share the ideal jobs of our group members with all of you.
Each of us has an unique dream.
Li Hua,who is good at painting,would like to be a fashion designer to design fascinating clothes for people.
Chang Lili prefers to be a gardener because she said she loved plants and it was our duty to make the city more beauteous.
Ma Kai is fond of writing so he wants to be a novel writer that can share excellent stories with others.
Another cute boy Sun Jun dreams to be a cook as he is keen on cooking and eating green dishes.
But my favourite career is to be a radio presenter.
I hope more people can find themselves and get more happiness from my voice.
In conclusion,we have set clear objects and we'll go for them whatever prblems we will meet.
Thank you.
Last week I went to Shandong with my parents,That a great time and oppotunity for me to accompany them.When I was in college,I only can accompany them in holiday.What a bad thing for me.
The weather was great and many people travel there.
I love the foods there.Shandong cuisine is one of the eight great traditions of china cuisine.
We ate lots of seafoods there and take part in the oktoberfest.
There are many places of interest in Qingdao.
We went to the beach,swam in the sea ,visited the museum and May 4th square.All in all,I enjoy the time with my parents.
What will the city of the future look like.
No one knows for sure.
But l think my future life.
It would be perfect in my future Maybe my possible going to be an inventor.
I think in my future life.
No smoking will be allow within a future limit.
Smoking will be possible only outside city and outdoors.
I will invent a something about smoking so people will not suffer the harm of smoking So I think in my future.
Im going to be an inventor.
And invented a lot of about person healthy things.
So my future is full of hope I hope this will come true.
I hope very much wish come true.
From the first Spring Festival in people's vision in 1983, it has been a symbol of modernization and tradition in China.
Most of Chinese people, especially the elder generation are accustomed to watching it for the whole night.
To some degree, it even has been a unique custom of Spring Festival.
But nothing can get anyone's love.
In recent years, some people make a point that Spring Festival Gala should be canceled.
They hold the views that it is always formal and makes no sense.
Besides, they complain that their time and the right of choosing is deprived of the Gala, because it demands all channels to be broadcasted the Gala at that time.
From my perspective, just as an old saying goes, nobody lives without faults; there is no denying that there is also no perfect.
We should be more tolerant for it.
We just want to enjoy better performances.
When we show our want correctly, I have faith in the future of the Spring Festival Gala.
This week, our class had a meeting about keeping animals.
Different people had different thoughts.
There were 40 per sent of students agreed to keep animals in zoos, because it was convenient for people to watch them.
What's more, animals could be taken good care of.
The rest of students thought it would be suitable for animals to live in the wild.
First,animals liked to live in the natural world.
The most importantly, the zoos were not big enough for them to live or play.
In my opinion, animals should not be kept in the zoos, because the life in zoos wasn't the life animals liked.
They should live in their dream's home.
Moreover, live in the wild could improve their living skills.
It was a good chance for them to learn how to look after themselves.
Animal isn't our food but a member of the earth.
No one has power to decide on their lives.
But there are more and more animals in danger of dying out at present.
As a human being, every one of us has responsibility to create a world full of love for the animals.
In order to keep animals away from danger and death, we should try our best to protect animals instead of killing them.
It is important for us to look after them, so if we see some animals are hurt, we must send them to animals' hospital quickly.
Speaking of a book that has influenced me most, undoubtedly, it must be Jane Eyre.
On the day of my 14th birthday, my good friend who loves the English literature and bought the Jane Eyre for me.
It's the first time for me to read the foreign literature and I read this book spent two days.
It's known to us after read this book,Jane Eyre's childhood wasn't filled with happiness, her parents both died, her uncle took her to his house after her parents died, when she uncle passed away, people though her aunt was a good woman, because they didn't know how she hates Jane and were cruel to her.Her cousins even punished her all the time.
Obviously, Jane wasn't a lucky girl, but she still believe that she's strong enough to challenge and face her new life.
Jane made a friend at Lowood school, the first really a friend-Helen Burns.
I still remember Helen told Jane: life is too short to continue hating anyone for a long time.
Jane felt she was accepted, learned to work as much as she could, make as many friends as possible.
Helen has a great effect on Jane, even to me.
She taught Jane how to learn love, forgive and do as the Bible tell: sometime you have to put up with some hard thing in life even if other people hurt us.
Jane gave me deeply impression, I admire her very much,she let me feel the strong power inside her small body, her story makes me think about life, I learn much from her experience, a great virtue, a noble soul, a beautiful heart and so on.
She can control her life and fate.
She knew how to continue her life and she got it!From that time, I promise I will do a good girl like Jane Eyre and I still think this is a long way to go.Maybe after what she told me I have known that what love is and how to love and to be loved!
For today's college English there are many ways to learn.Some people think that should group learning is better.But also some people think that should not a study group is better.
Some people think that group learning can increase interest in learning more, we can more easily solve some problems together.Group discussion can active classroom atmospherics.
They think this way can study English well, But also some people think that not group learning is better.It can let's have autonomous learning ability.
It also can let's not have rely on others, and everyone can enter their best to finish my homework.It also can improve the independent ability.
The last, I think that group learning is better, It can let's not have a kind of helpless for English, we can solve the problem together.It can improve the enthusiasm of learning.
It is better study English to not a group work.
At present,in society often have such a phenomenon occurs:people fall down in road.but nobody has brave help them.
of course difference people have difference think about it.
some people think that help other people is Chinese tradition civilization.So,if people fall down,we need to help them.But other people think that we need not to help people if do not know them.And in the past,some media report about people help the fall down of person,but they are cheated by the fall down of people.
As far as I am concerned,my think that for a civilization country,help each other still is excellent tradition culture in China.So I advise that we should help others in need.But we should also protect to ourselves profit not suffering from hurt.
Some people believe that university students should be required to attend classes, but we think university students should go to classes freely rather than be required to attend classes.
That means going to classes should be optional for students.
Not only just because an important idea of definition of the university is the notion of academic freedom, everyone is unique and but also because hobby is the best teacher in learning.
An important idea of definition of the university is the notion of academic freedom.
In China, the University Entrance Exam is a great family general mobilization, because it is a matter of whether we can go to college or not.
Besides, university is a sacred place in our minds.
When we are children had imagined that we can free for academic research in our universities.
This is a very happy thing for us.
So going to classes should be optional for students.
Everyone is unique.
Everyone has his own personality, and everyone has his own background.
Students also have different abilities in comprehending.
Definitely, no class can have this supper power.
So going to classes should be optional for students.
Hobby is the best teacher in learning.
Some people believe that university students should be required to attend classes, because many students can't attend classes in time even skipping classes.
The most reason is that students for those courses have no choice.
If students like this course, they not only won't skip class but also will take the initiative to learn.
Hobby also can improve the efficiency of learning.
So going to classes should be optional for students.
We know who we are, we know what we want to be, and we know us best.
In a word, going to classes should be optional for students.
In the chinese traditions,children are expected to pay parents back as they grow up.In my opinion,I don't have sure idea .Some times I think it's not a good way to pay back our parents.If everyone say we should pay back parents when we grow up, we will have some stress.In our society,many parents will take care of us more and more,only because of love.They don't want our to pay back something,they only want to give us their love.
So, some times I think we should pay parents back as we grow up,when we were young,parents will take care of us,and when we grow up,our parents also will grow old.
So,at this time,we should not to think whether we should pay back.
On the contrary,we should often go to see them or a chat with them.Pay parents something is normal,but we can't have a purpose to do these things.Because care our parents is our obligations.
Last, even if our parents doesn't expect us to pay back,we also should do something for them,when they are old.Take care of parents is in responsibility.
Good morning everyone today I want to talk about my college life.
I received the admission notice of ShaanXi unversity.
fantasying the appearance of the college mates and my college life.
In my imagination my college mates may as handsome as popular actors.
After a month, my really college life got started.
In reality .
college friends around me may look this.
initial dream in mind,and find way to make every day meaningful.
"Pride and prejudice" this book in junior high school have touched.
Just at that time only saw the emotional entanglement between the actor and actress, ups and downs mood and let people immersed in them, after a few years, through again, do not have a flavor.
Pride and prejudice, in the book is male leading love hurdles, but in actual society but also people mutual communication between the obstacle, even treat oneself correctly, towards things on the stumbling block.
Man's defect too much, first is spiritual trap.
To succeed in life where a career, both knowledge and upbringing, or love, career, all need with our soul, all sorts of shallow float trap or shadow struggle, through a variety of misunderstanding and long time of repeated process of cognition, slowly by the mind to overcome their weaknesses and disease, and to the open, free and easy, the freedomof the inevitable result.
Overdrive earthly, be an upright person not easy, The vast human sea, darling hard to see.
so each other deeply, you will find society each piece of people things are so beautiful, light, further inspired deep inside you touched, exerting their own expertise to go and work for the society, the country and the world service; after all, I door of all long, if people no longer foreigners.and to concern the person beside, no longer to pay his own hand, then who will go to finish the task?
With the developed of society, our life has become more better because of cars.There are billions of cars on the road every day.
people generally think that cars make our life becomes convenient.
they play an important part in our morden life,our life can't without cars.
On the one hand, cars have great advantages.
they're very fast.
they make peple's life becomes convenient and freedom.
people can go anywhere they like.
On the other hand, cars have disadvantages.
sometimes, They will cause the traffic jam.
their fuel will pollute the environment.It does damage to the quality of air.
Cars have advantages and disadvantages.they can make our life becomes better, also they can do damage to our environment.
we should take good advantages of them.
I'm a senior high school students,at present,there are two views for English learning,and I have some own views about Eanglish learning.
One point is to strengthen the English learning,this can improve the international communication,it make person communicate without obstacles.
And it can also make us to learning advabced technology each other.
Beyond this,English learning can make us understand western culture.
The other point is English learning is overheating,English learning not only miraculous,but also low,they think learning English doesn't work,it is mainly to cope with the exam.
At last, I have my point for learning English.
Nowadays,English is a universal language and it is one of the most widely second language in the world.
So if we speak English well,at least,we can communicate with foreigners.
I think we shouldn't take learning English as a burden,and to let it become your interest.
Sometimes how to make friends is not an easy task for students.
As it vividly shown in the picture.
A student in the left with hand holding 100 yuan, then said:This is a little something for you to Expression of a classmate of friendship.
The girl in the left stood with a big smile.
She reached out her hand for cash.
In my opinion, friendship is one of the important things in our life, but how to develop our friendship is a common topic.
Nobody can make most of his life without the help of true friends.
As a saying goes, "A friend in need is a friend indeed".
True friends cherish your ideals and feelings.
As a student, I need work hard.
There is mach homework to finish after school.
We may have some homework that cannot independently our friend can help us.
When my friend has some problem in life, I'll help them and solve the problem.
There are several things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.First,consult your friends,relatives and neighbors,who could offer some useful information .Second,read some classified newspaper and register with the recruitment agency.Last and most important one is that make use of the Internet.Log on to some website about the job you are likely to,then you will easy to find your dream job.
Hello,everyone.
Today I'm very honor to stand here to give my presentation.
The purpose of my speech is telling my experience of CET4 and how to prepare CET4 exam.
OK, my speech separate into three parts.
----...
This is my opinion.
It's time for question----------..
Thanks for your attention.
Nowadays,a reality show called The Voice Of China is becoming more and more popular.Responding to this tendency,I have seen the program this weekend.To be honest,I didn't expect too much of it but it did give me a big surprise.
Most attractively ,each judge sits on their chairs,giving their back to the singers.In the process of the auditions,if they want to show their interest in a singer,they will turn the chair to face him with satisfaction.What 's more,the competitors also have chance to choose their own coach if more than one judge support them.
In my case,the show is worthy to be seen cause the singers absolutely have the beautiful voice to let you lose yourself in it.Besides, the show gives a stage to those ordinary people to show their talent.You can see how hardworking the competitiors are and to be touched by their excitement and sadness.I have benefitted a lot from the show because of its positive spirit and of course it can free me from my heavy homework for a while.So just watch the show,you will love it!
Titanic directed by James Gameron presents a fictional love story on the historical secting of the Titanic.Although the ploc is simple and noncomplicated,I love this movie.The end of the movie can be figured out within minutes of the start of the film,but the love story is an interesting one.L et me make an introduction of this movie.
Early on the voyageRose meants Jack,a lover class artisc on his way to America after winning his ticket aboard Titanic in a poker game.If he wants something,,he goes and gets it unlike the upper class who are concerned with their social worries.The two fall in love and the audience sees the seeking of the Titanic primary through their eyes.
The ship Titanic itself expressed a mentally during this time period in which humans felt they could overcome Mother nature.With the sinking of this ship it made people turely eat the words''Titanic is an unsinkable ship''.
With the character Rose,a first class passenger,you are exposed to the arrogance high society.Rose also opened your eyes to the anxious high society had and have woman were truly trapped and were seen as second class citizens.Rose almost committing suicide helps hit home how truly horrible it must have been for women during this time period.
Titanic is one of my favourite movies.I learn a lot from it.Love is the best thing in the world.However,we human much cherish Mother nature.We should protect it.That's all.
As the social become more and more commercial.
With the ads appearing and having a great developement.
Why this ads appear?I think the manufacturer depends on the effect of ads and salesman's marketing.
So ads service us and it is important for us.
To some extant, advertisement is divide into success and failure.
Successful advertisementis truthful.
We can know more from them and if it decided to choose it.The consumer will be satified with the product and manufaturer will get mre benefit.
However, to get more benefit manufaturer always advertise their product exaggerately.
Advertisement misrepresent the product, agency exaggerate by the bad ad and we fall victime= to the product and ad.
The ad is exaggerating by many different ways,such as newspaper,tv,radio,billboard and more.
So ad is very important in our daily life.
The man I admire most is Michael Jackson.
As we know, Michael Jackson is one of the most popular artists, and he is the king of pop, is that of the western Pop music, elvis after the most influential musicians, and its achievement beyond elvis.
MJ is a black, but he is pretty handsome.
While he was always thinking he is a black, and he felt himself inferior.
And he went to face-lift.
Finally, he was failure, so his last appearance is very ugly.
He was singing when he was a child, he is still a dancer.
And he is also a philanthropist.
He is one of the most successful person in the world.
And I think he is very kind and generous.
He devoted himself in helping poor, sick children.
He built an amusement park for children, let them have a place where they can enjoy themselves.
Though there were many people slandered him, he didn't change his behavior.
Keep doing his charities.
Last year,I have a computer ,which is so smart.
When I open the world of Internat,I full in love with online shopping.
Nowadays,online shopping already become a fashion.More and more people willing shopping by computer and Internet.By this way , we can find some bargain and useful goods.We also can save time and money.
