E-books also have dis adevantages .Reading E-books for a long time can harm our eyes .
And we can't make signs on the contents which we think it is important and useful .
So that the books will not have more influence on me .
As far as I am concerned ,we can read some not so important books by computers and celephone .And we can look into the distance after the long time reading .In my mind it's necessary of the E-books existence .
Everyone know the Hazy Weather,but we all don not know it in detail.So i looked into it yesterday through the website.The reason of why wo should know more about it is we meet the Hazy Weather more often.Espacial in the morning on winter!
There are a lot causes for it ,such as vehicle exhaust,and the waste gas from the factory.I think nobody enjoy the Hazy weather,because the Hazy weather make us hard to see the thing even which is not far from us.
The consequences of it is that your nose will feel terrible,because there are a lot of harmful gas in the air.
For our health,it is our duty to do something to solve the problme.For example,we need not to drive our car everyday.To the contrary,we can take a bus,which is convenient and environmental.
Before winter comes, many insects go into hibernation.
And the birds are left to the warm South.
Winter is coming,In winter I think the most beautiful scenery is the leave.
The leaves fall from the trees.Leaves whirled in the wind like the flying butterfly.What's more, Leaves spread on the ground, looks very soft.
I like it extremely much.
Before winter comes, the water becomes more and more forty.
We rise before it is light.
I love winter, Although winter means cold weather, I love it all the same.
I think winter is a beautiful season, especially when it snows.
Snow spread on the ground.
The whole earth will be dressed in white.Makes the earth looks very clean.
We can wear warm clothing and go to make snowmen.
It is a good season for skating.
Winter is a lovely season.
In other words,reading is very important to us, In some people opinions,books are our friends,they introduce us different kinds of knowledge,they lead us to success,just like our teachers,they teach us the truth,take us out of the trouble.
But I think not all the reading is a good thing.
In my opinion, with the development of the modern science and technology,more and more books are published,at the same time,there are many bad books are published,they are poisonous to our mind,if we read them, they are harmful for us, especially the young children,and we shouldn't read them,so we must read what we need and must read selectively.
Now I'm eighteen years old.
Ten years later,I think it should de like this.I should go out of the university into the military life.
Because my dream is to be a PLA man.
Ten years later, I should have my own child.
I'lol teach how to be an adult.
Also honor parents .
Let them worry less about their own things.
In free time, I will travel with family .
Take a look beautiful scenery.
Still have some time .
With a friend a meal ,drink ,entertainment.
In the end will leave for a period of time to spend .
Ten years after my.
In this picture,we can see a young boy and his father are talking about something in a room.The boy worried about disposing of nuclear waste.But the dustbin in his room is full of garbage.So his father tells his son, if he can empty the dustbin here,he can do anything.
The young boy is always thinking about something very far away from his life.He worries about disposing of nuclear waste,but does not want to sweep his own room and empty the dustbin.He has a broad field of vision,but from a certain point of view,he ignored to focus on his side.The father wants to remind his son that he should take care of something close to his life.
In my opinion,the son's idea is not wrong.Because he is not only take care of himself but also pay attention to the world and human.But on the other way,if he pays more attention about his side,he can reduce the number of waste.
I like sports very much.I often play volleyball with my friends in order to keep fit.I can get happiness and friendship when I am with them.What's more,jogging is a great choice for me,too.Though someone thinks it is too boring.In my opinion,it'sactivitiesgood way to exercise my mind.
It goes without saying that I took part in my school orchestra last month.And we gave a performance which I thought was amazing.I am confirmed that it made me enjoyable.
It is high time that we studied hard.I hold the view that the school library is a good place to gain knowledge.
Everyone knows that the Internet developes better and better,besides,the development of net gives peple a new way to make friends and love someone.Some people who prefer it think that a cyber love is beautiful beacuse distance make beauty of love.And then,it is funny to find lover on the Internet,even it is exciting,and this kind of excitement is easy to stimulate the spark of love.
But in fact,there are lots of points that should pay attention to.You know,most people on the net attracted because of good looks,but they don't know it is deceitful.Furthermore,true love dose not grow without contact between two minds.As alawys know,it is really dangerous to meet net friends who have never met each other.True love depends on acceptance of each other's demerits as well as hunger for each other's merits.Therefore,I don't think that true love can grow between net friends who have never met each other,a cyber love is not true.
I think it's important to work clothes.
Job dress reflect working attitude, appearance, and the working spirit.
Work clothes reflect seriously to work, have work clothes will be passionate to work.
Work clothes said respect for the work, respect for yourself.
Every day neat dress will give his own, let oneself have a spirit to work.
Do you wear formal means you pay attention to the occasion and your face.
Also give you confidence, at the same time improve the corporate image The convenience of our customers (clients) is the most important thing Should be ready to work in this way can you post requirements, respect for the work.
I think to work dress requirements, is a company.
Units, jobs and the requirements of, play an important role to the enterprise spirit.
Good job dress more confidence in yourself.
I think l will have a meaningful and colourful life in the future.
Firstly,l will continue studying about something new by reading many books to improve my quality.Then,l will find a job about tour guide because l love travel.Meanwhile,l will have several part-time jobs which make more money for my parents.After that,l will bring my family to walk around to open their eyes.I will afford to do sports with them every day,which makes us healthy.What's more,if l am free,l will sing songs with my friends to relax.
My future is in my heart,to achieve what l want to do,l will make great efforts now.l am sure my dream will come ture.
We know that AIDS is the one of the most dangerous disease in the world .When I saw those pictures about AIDS .I feel so sad .Espiation saw those children who suffer from disease .They can't play like normal children .They don't undstand why the disease have't right .Maybe they will die at anytime just take pain away the world .
We should pay more attition to the children who got AIDS .
A lots parents don't allow their children stay away form them .Fib their children talk play or touch with them.
They are so lonely that feel the world has cast away them.
The patient of AIDS 's children also need care .They look forward to someone's love to make them feel happy feel the world is full of love .So move now .You can wrriten letter to them .Sending some funy books to them .Or send some money to the medical establishment hope it can find the right way to cure AIDS .I hope everybody could pay more attition to the children who got AIDS.giving more love to them.
They're not demon.They just children.When they happy they will give you a beautiful simile like normal children .Trust me .That must be a true simile form heart.
Polar bears are one of the largest and most dangerous hunters in the North.Their bodies are built for winter and they do best in colder areas.Unfortunately,polar bears are now threatened by recent climate changes.Why?What is the trouble?
Because of the global warming.
The cause of global warming are various,the min reason in the human in almost a century industrial navy use of fossil fuels,such as coal,oil,emit large amounts of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gars.
We can do somthing to the global warming such as plan tree,don't drive the car.To ride a bike,reduce the greenhouse gars.I wish the polar bears will have a happy time.all The animals have a beautiful homtown.
From childhood we read a lot of literature, including poetry, prose, novel etc..
In today's society, we often can appear "poverty" phenomenon, as the best method we improve the expressive ability of reading literature.
Reading the literature, can be in the way of thinking, the research methods are the most direct training, if we want to publish articles or have the achievements in scientific research, then our research must be established on the basis of previous.
If we don't have a lot of literature reading accumulation, we will not climb on the shoulders of giants, more do not talk to stand on the shoulders of giants to pick fruit or look up at the starry sky.
Therefore, reading is very important, so we picked up a book, swim in the ocean of knowledge.
Nowadays our earth is becoming warmer and warmer.Carbon dioxide emission is the main reason for global warming.
First,we should use more clean energy.For instance,solar power,wind energy,tidal energy and so on.
Second,we'd better go to work on foot or by bike instead of driving a car if possible.
Third,we should recycle bottles, glass and plastic bags.We should also plant more trees.
Finally,we should form a few habits of saving energy in our daily life.
I believe if everyone can do more for our earth, we will have a better future.
My firat trip it's went to the Dong Bei when I was eight year's old.WE went to there by train.the train it's very fast.I went to there with my parents and my grandmother.We clambed mountain by the sightseeing bus when we at Ji Lin.We saw the Tian Chi and Korean's collage.They were very beautiful and nice.We ate the Pork Slices and the soup of the Ji Lin.
They were delicious and smelled very good.I liked the food very much,I'm very enjoy the trip.This trip made me very happy.I want to go there again.
Nowadays,more and more people tend to get diseases before you know it.
The very important reason is that illness finds it way in by the mouth.
From above, we can find that the reasons are as follows.First of all,witn the development of science and technology,more and more people are busy working,too busy to cook by themselves,so they have dinner or supper in the restaurant near the work place.However ,these restaurants' workers often add something harm to our health in order to improve the taste.Secondly,some people fail to develop a healthy habbit,such as washing hands before eating,no eating the leftover food and soon,that makes illness finds it way in by the mouth easily.Last but not the least ,the global environment problem has been a great issue in our society, the water or air we drink or breath is full of the virus that we can't avoid it.
Taking into consideration what has been argued above ,we should do what we can to develop a healthy diet and habbits to prevent the illness from our mouth.
Washing our hands before having suppers;Cook suppers by ourselves instead of eating in the resturant and exercise everyday to prevent getting diseases.
As the pace of modern life progress, students under the pressure of increasing.
pressures from various aspects, from their parents ,the job.
so on.
thing.
So many difficulties and failures waiting for us.
at that time .
that you can do better.
secondly we should learn to adjust to relax the mind , make mentality more positive and optimisitic.
thirdly , we must learn to relax, in the study work properly recreational sports.
at last but not least , we have to learn to talk when necessary by crying to ease the pressure , this is really a good method.
life is full of pressure , because the pressure can make progress power.
Everything will gonna be ok.
Nowadays the crack of the steel bridge in soldering holes accounts for a large proportion of the fatigue crack,of which the influence cannot be ignored.So effective studies of the fatigue crack can wait for no longer which are of benefit to all the world.The author uses the ANSYS finite element software to simulate the orthotropic steel bridge deck of a steel box girder over the hole numerically.This essay tells us the processes to simulate the crack.First of all,definite the calculation model and material parameters.And key parameters,namely the shape of two through holes,thickness of top plate and diaphragm,are analyzed.Then,definite boundary conditions and loading conditions.Finally,calculate the model.At the same time,the author uses some comparative ways to analyze the influence of the fatigue crack.They are comparisons of two kinds of shape of soldering hole,influences of bridge deck thickness on stress distribution and influences of diaphragm thickness on stress distribution.
There are many conclusions we can be drawn from the essay.For example,the stress at welding seam calculated using the soldering hole shape of highway standard is larger than that of railway standard.The railway standard,which are 19.7 Mpa and 16.5 Mpa,respectively.The railway standard is favorable to fatigue,the maximum stress at welding hole edge according to railway standard is larger than that of highway standard,which are 19.7 Mpa and 16.5 Mpa,respectively.The highway standard is favorable to fatigue.And the thickness of top plate has insignificant influence on stresses at soldering hole and welding hole edge.Besides,the maximum stress at diaphragm varies significantly when its thickness changes and the thickness of diaphragm has great influence on the stress,which decreases with increasing diaphragm thickness.In a word,the result indicates that either kind of soldering hole shape has its own advantage,diaphragm thickness has a strong influence on fatigue stress distribution,and roof thickness only has a mild effect.
As the Spring Festival approaching, more and more university is beginning to have a holiday.
I think that English has become the mainstream of the world today.
So we should master English better.
My plan of English study is as follows.
First of all, we can use this holiday review more words.
Only a good foundation, English learning will become easy.
Second, we can see some English movies help us understand better.
In addition, English songs are also a good choice.
Last but it is also important, if we have the conditions, we should have more communication with others to improve our spoken English.
In this way we can also make more friends.
As is known to all, English in our life plays a more and more important role.
We should thoroughly study English.
In the face of such a long holiday, we should make full use of this time to improve our English learning ability to adapt to the development of The Times.
As the saying goes, "practice makes perfect".
As long as we practice, English will be very simple for us.
During the first term of my colleague study, I found that there are many students studying like a nerd while I was sleeping or watching movies.
After working together a few days, I found the secret of how to become a top student.
First thing is concentrate.
Top students allow no interruptions of their study time.
Even a word is forbidden while they foucs on their study.
The second secrets is study everywhere.
I found that some top students stuck a vocabulary list on their bathroom wall so that he can remember the words while brushing teeths or taking a bath.
Even at the meal the list is still on his hand.
Organize the materials are the third.
For example when they studying English, all the books he can use are all in his reach, he could get his hands on it in no time, that is a great cut down on wasting times.
The fourth secret that I Found is organize the time.
The top students didn't study all the time, they need a rest too.
They told me that after studying for a while, even a short break to stretch or get some fresh air can work wonders.
Taking a good notes is another way.
The pages were divided into two parts.
They wrote notes in the wider part and put down their ideas on the left.
The last is study in group.
Because group study could tried different approachs and explained their solutions to one another.
Being a top student is everybody's dream, so, I must follow the secret and find my own method to improve my study.
Easier said than done, I must try harder in order to become the topest one.
Everyday we meet diverse things which constitute our daily lives, but how you encounter and dispose them determines what your future would be.
Everyone of us all hope for a better tomorrow, but whether or not could you realise it depends on the degree of your ability and confidence of taking charge of your own destiny.
Sometimes it seems impossible to take charge of destiny.
Lupe, the protagonist of the article, understood no English, been classified as seriously retarded after an IQ test in that language in her first few days in school.
With the heavy pressure and what's more, the helplessness that she could do nothing to ameliorate her situation, almost, if not all of her responses were crying miserably.
Finally, she returned home as a great granddaughter and then a virtuous wife.
But destiny is so subject to changing moods.
Obviously, it was not only she but her kids were retarded, they took after her, and they too, have no responsibility to learn like others.
But Lupe' unbeatable mother love was just like a sword that could clear all obstacle that children were facing.
To take charge of their destiny, she pounced on the idea given by a teacher.
offered a glimmer of hope to this helpless family.
To realise her dream, she made an appointment with a counselor at the high school, followed with struggling for high-school degree.
In the long journey for knowledge, she had been depressed for countless times, and cried for numberless times, but always been motivated by love of her kids.
Some mornings of those, she doubted she could get out of the bed and tackle her classes without any permission that she would get what she wanted finally.
But she always forced herself on.
The flower of destiny blossomed in the end of her efforts.
Lupe made the dean's list her very first semester after sweating blood over so many assignments.
But it was not enough to satisfy her, within several years, she earned doctorate in education finally.
Fortunately by the next year, the children had been promoted out of the Yellow Bird which is a group for slow learners.
Herself, unbelievably and magically, teaches at the university where she has developed several dozen courses concerning literature and culture today.
Lupe said when everything has finished.
Family, what a warm and fantastic word which is the source of love, the wheels of progress, the beginning of all of the niceness.
We always prefer to bow our heads facing destiny.
Sometimes, it is not the destiny that gives you no chance, it is yourself that reject the opportunity.
Nothing can defeat you but yourself.
Believe in yourself, and clutch the throat of destiny.
I want to be an airport in the future, because I think it is interesting.
Everyone say it is dangerous,but they are wrong,because I think drive the car is more danger than drive the airplane.
When I drive the airplane in the sky, on the cloud , I think I am the God .
So, I think the airport is an interesting job If I want to be the airport, I mustn't play computer games, because the eyes are the most important to the airport.
After that, I must't eating junk food, because fat is not good for my job.
As you can see, if I want to be an airport I should keep my health.
Nowadays, students' rating of their teachers become more and more general.
For this phenomenon, different people have different attitudes.
For the school, the information is fed back to the school, so the school's leader can know how students feel about the teacher and supervise the teaching quality in order to increase enrolment rate .
For student, they can express their opinion, and point out the teacher's shortcoming that teacher could improve.
In my opinion, it is good for exchange between teachers and students.
I think students' rating of their teachers could promote teacher's abilities so that they could do more for the students to earn more approved.
English is one of chinese student's important subject.Learning English include the lisening,speaking,reading and writing.Spelling words is the basis for writing However,many students in English learning don't take the spelling.
Why don't we pay attention to spelling?I think,first,exams should be modified to add some factors into it,which would help students pay more attention to spelling.Then,schools should also set effective mechanisms to help teachers as well as the students to realize the importance.Finally,for students themselves,then can, through other ways, make them be interested in word spelling.
To deal with this problem,successfully,we should be made aware of the serious consequences of misspelling.We should try to establish the connection between the word and the word.With the relationship between word meaning and letters to remember seplling.
My bedroom is always tidy and comfortable.
Every morning the sunshine through the blue window curtains make me feel fresh air.
I usually make my bed in the early morning and it looks like clean and tidy.
That is my enjoyment at the beginning of the day.
It is also a warm cave when I am very tired.
I can read a book or watch TV in the blue sofa like a big couch potato.
It considered as the best time in a day.By the way, blue is my favourite colour and it stands for calm and peace.I can read the whole book with my soul at peace in this blue sea.In the evening I go to bed and say goodbye to myself.
Then open my eyes in a new day.
In general my bedroom is full of calefaction and I love it.
First,a teacher who is rich iin knowledge is a good teacher.So that he can teach us knowledge.Second,a good teacher who loves to talk to students is a good teacher.Then the students will talk with teacher relax and they will not think about too much.It's good for students'health.Third,a teacher who's lessons are amusing and interesting is a good teacher.It can make students study by themselves and as a result they will love this teacher quikly.
In my opinoin,the good teacher is kind and patient.So that I can ask teacher for many questions.And then he will explain to me so clearly that I can understand it.The most thing is that if we make mistakes,he will not be angry with us and he will tell us what things we should do when we should do.
I consider that this teacher will be a good teacher.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of new technology, e-book is more and more populor .It is widely used among students.
Compared with the traditional book,e-book seems to have a number of advantages as follows .
First of all, e-book far exceeds the amount of information.
So you don't need to find information you need referring to lots of books.
You can easily get information from e-book.
What's more, e-book is easy to carry and preserve.
It can save a lot of space because of its small volume.
You can carry it anywhere at any time.
In addition, e-book is environmental .It does not need any papers.
So it protects many trees from being cut down.
However,every coin has two sides.
E-book also has disadvantages.
Firstly,e-book is dependent on electricity .
Thus, it can't work without electricity.
What's worse, electronic data easy to be hacked and changed.
If you met hacker, you will lose all of your information .
So it is not very easy to take .Besides, e-book affects people's vision seriously.When you use it ,you will suffer from radiation,which damage your health.
I hold that e-book will be a necessary in the future.
We should make best use of the new technology.
We should keep the pace with morden city .But e-book will not replace traditional books.
L want to tell about my best friend!Her name is Lisa.Five years ago,We went to the same mid-school.Before we became the best friend,We were only the classmate.We never fight and argue.A few months.L chatted with her and she always shared secrets with me,L cognized that she was trustful to me.
She was adorable.She loves kidding and listening music.Her hair was very curly and black.She also was very kind,easy-going and so on.When she helped other people.She was very happy all day.She played basketball for the most part and She can play it well.She was crazy about table tennis.L always played it with her previously.
All in all.L like talking with her very much.L supposed that we got on with each other.A lot of people love playing with her.She was the best friend for me.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.There are some of the opinions.
Some students don't agree with it.They think it is bad for our body,especially eyes to get online frequently.The more time we spend on the internet,the worse our eyes will be.In addition,it takes some students much time to chat with others or play computer games.In another word,getting online frequently waste too much time and energy.
But the other students think it is good for us.It makes us access the knowledge and broaden our horizons to use the Internet.At the same time,we can share the knowledge we learn with friends.We may also entertain and relax by the Internet.
In my opinion,two of opinions are both right.If we use the Internet in incorrect way,it will do harm to us.But the advantage will be more than the disadvantage as long as we get online in appropriate time and way.
As is shown above, the bar chart clearly demonstrates the relationship between one's education background and earnings.
It is evident that the higher level of education you receive, the higher income you get.
People's opinions about investment in education differ from person to person.
Some people say that knowledge could no longer change destiny.
To them, it is not only a waste of money, but also a waste of time.
Others deem that education is worthy of investment.
As for me it is no doubt that education offers favorable working opportunities and handsome income, which enables us to buy what we want, and fulfill what we dream, and correspondingly we are able to build an ideal paradise where life can be enjoyed to the uttermost.
In conclusion, we should realize the significance of education, which plays a crucial role in our personal growth.
In addition, it is convinced that education is the prospect of a nation.
It's an great honor for me to speak here.My topic is "Vanity".
First,let's start with a widespread example.An undergraduate asked for a trio of Apple Products ,tending to follow the fashion trends.Maybe for the stubbornness of the girl ,maybe for the awkward condition in finance ,the mother dropped to her knees ,begging with tears.
What really affects is our vain glory.We have taken enough from our parents, by no means should we burden them with our extra demand!
Vain glory blossoms but never bears.So what can we do is to stay far from vanity,and live in a rational life.Let's get started to move for a frugal life!
That's all, thank you.
As far as I can am concerned, the term "a best friend" can be defined as someone who can lead you to the right way and help you make progress.
Best friend often helps you when you are in trouble.
For instance, he can give you some hints when you feel difficult as you do your homework or give you much advice when you don 't know how to solve a problem in life.
However, when you don't know how to answer some questions in an exam paper, what your best friend should do is to help you deal with those questions when the exam is finished, but not help you cheat.
Best friend will make a breakthrough in company with you, he will never leave you behind.Suppose you are fat and not good at running, your best friend will run with you around the playground after class, instead of leaving you alone.
What' more, your best friend will prevent you from doing something wrong or dangerous, on the contrary, when you decide to do something significant, he will encourage you and help you as much as he can.
As a result, if you want to get on the right way and make big progress, a best friend is really necessary, and you should cherish him, because it's very god-given to treat someone as your best friend.
This is a time of reading pictures.
More and more youths prefer to choose cartoons rather than read novels.
An investigation also shows that pictures draw more attention compared with long pieces of passages.
Not only because of its direct stimulation to eyes and brain,but also its special expression with a sense of humor,wins many people's hearts.
However,in my opinion,we can't say a picture really tells a thousand words absolutely.
Different people in different ages have different understandings.
Express by words can exactly let others know what your intention is.
And the most important thing is our ancestor convert complicated pictures into simple words through thousands of years.
Chinese is too elaborate with plenty of deep emotions to describe easily by such groups of pictures.
On the other hand,always reading pictures isn't good for developing of our reading,writing and thinking skills.
Scientists point out that pictures only express a skin deep view after all instead of leading people to have a deeper consideration.
In a word,a picture can't really tell a thousand words.
Looking at pictures isn't in conflict with reading passages.They can exist together.
If we connect words with pictures,they express more than a thousand words.
As we all known,having a harmonious family is very essential.
A harmonious family provide a comfortable condition,which is good for children to develop theirs' personality.Besides it is good for every family number to get a lot of benefits.In addition ,if all people living in a harmonious family,our society will be more harmony.
If children living in a family where is full of feud ,the children will be influenced by this and it will injure their hearts .Living in poor condition family will lead children to walk up a wrong way.
So I think all people should join together to create a harmonious family .We should make all efforts to make it come true.
Water is very essential for people"s living,but the amount of water can"t meet people"s need.So water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.
The population become larger day by day,so more water need be used.
With the industry developing,more and more water need be used .But at the same time,these factories discharge much pollution,polluting clean water.
The temperature raising daily.Much drinking water is being polluted by seawater .
And so on.
All lead to one of the most serious problem -water shortage.
So we should do something to protect our water resources.
First,we must raise people"s sense of protecting water resources and make them know how the problem serious is.
Second,we should reuse water,try to make the most use of every drop of water.
Tired,we can also plant trees in order to protect water.
And so on.
Protecting water resources is everyone"responsibility,so we should learn to cherish our water resources.
If we don't cherish water resources,the last drop of water must be our tear.
With the Internet becoming an increasingly closer friend to our daily life, online shopping is prevalent and pervasive among college students, white collars, and housewives.
In the past, shopping could be an exhausting and time-consuming task for numerous people.
However, now we can pick our desired items, compare the prices, and enjoy the service, with a cup of coffee on the table, by several clicks.
Apparently, online shopping has become one of the most fashionable and trendy life styles for modern people.
There are a series of merits for this kind of shopping.
First of all, online shopping, to a large extent, helps us to save our valuable time, which can be invested into our work, leisure, and study.
Moreover, When shopping on the e-mall, we are exposed to more options at the same time.
This advantage enables us to select our desired product in a better price and quality.
Further, shopping online is a more eco-friendly way of living because it tremendously reduces our use of traffic, plastic bags, and money, directly or indirectly contributing to the protection and preservation of the environment.
However, it also gives rise to a serious of problems annoying and upsetting us.
may send us unsound and fake ones, resulting in bigger loss of our money and mood.
On the other, when we fill in our personal information and the credit card number online, these privacy are at risk of being leaked and resold to more people, which would bring about some undesired and unexpected consequences.
To conclude, every new-born phenomenon can be a double-bladed sword.
I suggest that we be more cautious when we shop online.
This can be achieved by more careful comparison, selection of higher-rated seller on the e-mall, and consultation with our more experienced friends.
Susan Hobson is my secretary and she has worked in my office for two years.She is a competent secretary who is hard-working during her working time.She has many good qualities such as devoted to career and known for her honesty in office among her colleagues.Besides,she has a good command of English and German with influent speaking.I believe that she can be qualified as an interpreter in this job which needs someone who has a good communication with others.
I hope you can give a chance to her to express herself and I am looking forward to your response.
I can see that AIDS patients was puting up with huge pain.
They were poorly and skinny.
Theirs eyes fulls despair and pain.
So, they were eager for helping and caring with others.
When I was seeing the childrens's pain for AIDS, I was very distressed and can't bear to heart.
Theirs lives had huge different with us.
Because theirs lives was hard and stressful.
So,they should obtain our's cared and care for.
In my opinion, we should as far as possible help those special people and we are willing do some helpful thing for them.
Because AIDS patients is worth helping and sympathy.
So,we should support and encourage them pull through.
I hope all people can give a love and equal treatment's heart.
The lottery was written by Shirley Jackson, and it was published in 1949.
Her stories usually depict unusual, unreal, or bizarre events in common settings, of which" The Lottery" is a major example.
This story is worthy of reading.
There was an old saying that there are thousands of Hamlets in thousands of people's eyes.
As far as I'm concerned, I'm shaken by the ending of this story and feeling strong melancholy.
At the beginning of this novel, the writer told the readers that the town was undercover a relaxing, picturesque atmosphere.
The writer represented the lottery that happened in an early summer.
As we see the title, we may guess what kind of lottery they were conducting.
The villagers and their preparations seemed harmless.
Besides this, all children are preoccupied with gathering stones in the town square.
They even smiled and chatted with each other.
However, with the development of the plots, we find that the lottery is horrific, bizarre and cruel, because of an old adage: Lottery in June, corn can be heavy soon.
Jackson wrote that the villagers didn't really know the lottery's origin, nevertheless, they tried to preserve the tradition.
They still remembered to use stones to kill someone.
These were ordinary people, who did the most inhuman and violent murder in the world.
The story lets the readers think about the pressure of society.
The societies persecuted individuals at random.
The villagers had demonstrated and they felt powerless to change it.
The oldest man in this village was so faithful to the tradition.
Even though Mrs. Adams doubt that some places had already quit lotteries.
The Old Man Warner denied stoutly, and furthermore he used "pack of young fools" to describe them.
Although they didn't have reasons for doing the lottery and killed the innocent people, they were willing to follow this convention blindly.
We could know clearly that their mind had become apathetic during this ritual.
On the one hand, they embraced the God superficially, on the other hand, they did the theory of scapegoat.
They wanted to atone for their crimes merely, thus, they found an innocent people to undertake it.
Everyone has problems sometime, but we should learn how to control our emotions.
Hurting someone to solve the problem is not a genuine solution.
It is only a self-deception.
What's more, all villagers may be the victims.
After the lottery, they only got a temporary.
In the long history of this village, Mrs Hutchinson was just one of the victims.
The ritual was so chilling.
Although Tessie Hutchinson would be killed by stones, her family and friends also were willing to participate in this activity.
They were not grieving over her death.
This incident reveals the society was glacial and the relationships between people were brittle even the family ties.
This phenomenon not only appears in this story, but also is common in present days, due to different kinds of prejudices.
For instance, genders, races, the conduction of economy and so on.
Just as the villagers follow tradition blindly, most of us don't have our own judgments.
On account of doing the same thing by most people, we follow it without pondering whether it is right or wrong.
Maybe some bizarre things in our minds are so universal.
Taking what's the life's meaning into account, we need to be the master of own life.
Don't follow others blindly, not to be a servant for your emotions.
Everyone has obligations to decide his life.
It's like a kaleidoscope.
It depends on you how to enjoy it.
First,you can not keep learn.You must rest learning!
Second,you must prepare a book to finish the wrong topic.Next,it's necessary to make notes!
Nowadays, social practice has been brought to great concern among colleges and universities increasingly.
During the holidays, more and more college students choose to participate into a great various social activities, such as volunteers, part-time jobs, volunteering teaching, and fieldwork.
It is obvious that social practice is playing an increasingly more important role in China's college education.
There is no doubt that college students have benefited themselves a lot from social practice.
First of all, they are provided with more chances and opportunities to contact the real world outside the campus.
What's more, social practice may offer students an opportunity to display their ability and broaden their horizon.
Undoubtedly, it is a good chance for them to apply what they have learned into practice and enhance themselves.
Moreover, social practice can help strengthen student's sense of social responsibility.
Besides, they can also gain knowledge that is never taught in class or obtained from books.
Considering the above-mentioned, I think, it is very necessary for college students to take part into social practice.
However, social practice may bring some problems.
For example, some students spend too much in taking part-time jobs so as to ignore their study.
Therefore, we should try to balance the relationship between social practice and study.
Only by doing so, we can get benefit from it and realize the value of ourselves.
Academic plagiarism issues is more and more serious, there are a lot of students simply do not care about such ethical violations, for a variety of large and small school exams, some students think that plagiarism is an indispensable means, and always follow the crowd, for students of plagiarism is not only failing to stop, and in order to the individual a sense of vanity, in order to fill this bias ,and also did these.
perhaps it is already accustomed to the natural, the plagiarism issues made the students become so numbness, to know the grades are not the most critical factors to prove that a person is good or not.
Little do they know, while violating school regulations, but also the development of the individual's own harm and no one's benefit, not only will affect a person's academic standards, will also affect a person's morality and values.
For this common academic plagiarism problem, we must begin to change the case from now on, you can not let that slack emotions along the way, ultimately harm their own, learn self-discipline, learn to rely on yourself, learn autonomously.
this is the minimum requirements of a college student, we can not only progress in learning a step, but a step down in the moral, so we have to be more diligent to complete university studies, the next stepping stone paved will more confidence, more ability-oriented future work.
Life is so difficult.when i wrote to the 100th word..I find that the words were on the wrong place ,so i moved it.And it was a stop ,then i pressed the back key.And the page turn the search bar.And i searched it again..It was in a white screent .Everything was gone except the "time".I love the world,and i was going to record a video.
Facing more and more troubles in educations and employments,and the environment we struggle in is becoming more serious,our 90s have too much depress.
Above this,Some people even worried about us.They think that our 90s focu much on self and despise the teamwork in our daily life.And they also think we lock perseverance and are easy to give up.What's more?They even think we are blind pursuit of what is popular nowadays and too eager to be successful.But i don't think so .It is too one-sided to consider all the 90s as mediocre persons.In my opinion ,i think our 90s are very patient and tough.We have enough encourage to face challenge in our future life and support our country's furture.
In total ,90s are stronger than these people think.
That's all.Thanks for your presence.
When I was young, my dream was to be a gastronome.
The original intention was quite simple, for I could enjoy different kinds of delicious dishes.
As time goes by, I got to develop keen interest in cooking.
Then I began to cook with the materials available and developed some creativity.
Although nothing can be achieved sometimes, there is no doubt that I do gain a lot.
Among them, I am specialized in scrambled eggs with tomatoes.
To begin with, we should get all the materials we need ready.
For this course, the main ingredients are tomatoes and eggs.
Also we should put some condiment at hand for later use.
Then, the two main ingredients should be treated in some simple process.
As for tomatoes, they should be washed in clean water first.
After that, cut them into slices which are neither too thick nor too thin.
While for eggs, hull them and lead the yolk together with the egg white into a bowl.
Finishing this, we need to beat the liquid lightly until they mix together.
Meanwhile, add a little salt as well.
After the preparation, we come to the main step------ stir-fry.
First, put a spoon of oil in the pan, turn on the gas and put the pan on fire.
Then we should wait one or two minutes until we see some lampblack rises from the oil.
Next, slowly pour the beaten egg fluid into the pan by the edge, and we will see it turn from the liquid to solid, and the color becomes lighter and lighter.
Then it is time to put the sliced tomatoes into the pan and stir them with a shovel.
What we should pay attention to is that the two main ingredients should be stirred from time to time in case they burn.
After a few minutes, the tomatoes will give out juice and then we need to add some water into the pan.
At the same time, we should add some salt, pepper in the right amount which base on our own appetite.
Finally, when the cooking liquor boils, the course is finished.
When the meal is all right, we place it into the plate.
Then it is time to enjoy the meal and have fun.
If we can eat with a bowl of rice, it will taste better.
It is commonly called "Passing Year", which is a ceremonious and traditional festival of China.
Beginning of "Passing Year" is on the december 30th of the Chinese year, and every family will prepare the large lunch to the party of family 's members.
"Passing Year" needs pasting spring couplets and paintings.
Before the Chinese War of Liberation, people also needed pasting the pictures that painted the guarders who are immortals by using the paste.
It is said that the left guarder called Qiong Qin, the right guarder called Jingde Yuchi, and the back guarder called Kui Zhong.
Changing the picture of kitchen king, making the steamed bread and making the tea for consecrating.
In the Spring Festival 's Eve, every family usually makes a brazier, puts a desk which is with some incenses, fires the candles, displays supply, burns the incenses, consecrates the wine, burns paper, and fires the firecrackers for welcoming the four immortals whose names are Cai, Xi, Gui and Fu, and who are commonly called "Meeting Immortals".
At the same time, the elders make kowtow in the front of ancestors' wooden tablet at first, then in the order of the state in the family.
Afterwards, the children need wish "Happy New Year" to the elders, who is the less, and the more he or she kowtows.
And elders also give children the pocket money.
Furthermore, people would cook lots of dumplings which must be eaten by family members that's called "Soup of Ingot".
Sometimes, when the several dumplings are broken in the pot, people also are quite happy, because it harbingers "having earned the money" both this year and next year.
Many people want to be a leader.
No doubt, there are many benefits to be a leader.
Being a leader, it means people can have more power than before.
The leader needn't do any physical works.
And leader also can receive more respect from others.
However, a leader also has his problem.
So I think it is not good to be a leader.
First of all, if someone wants to a leader, he must master many skills and gain much knowledge.
This is long term.
Someone gets the skill and knowledge.
Secondly, as a leader, he should take more responsibility than others.
Not only this, but also a leader should have the ability to lead other people.
Last but not least, leader has to bear more pressure which is from his leader and fellows than others.
To be a leader is a hard thing, to be a successful leader is more difficult.
Above all, it is not good to be a leader.
Everyone should do as himself and be the person whom he should be.
When I was about 13 years old, I studied at a junior middle school, which was far away from my home.
I had to get up early in the morning and went to school with my cousin (my uncle's daughter).
She was one year old than I was.
After school, we went back home together.
There was a shop near our school, it was said that the shop assistant had a poor memory and always forgot something, and often when you bought something, he would forget to receive money.
One day, my mother gave me five yuan, asked me to buy something.
I went to school as usual.
At noon, I went to the shop to buy things that my mother wanted.
At the moment giving these things to me, another uncle went into the shop, he said "Hello" to Comrade Yang, they chatted and chatted, I held money in my hand and waited, waited, and waited.
At last, I was sure that Comrade Yang had forgotten the matter with me.
I went out the shop and left, holding my mother's money with me.
I got so excited, before school was over, I went to another shop and bought some candies.
On the way home, I was in my excitement and shared the candies with my cousin.
Unexpectedly, my cousin told my story to her mother, and the next day, her mother told the story to my mother, and my mother told my story to my father at night.
The next morning, my father said to me, " Listen to me, son, I heard about your story.
You are wrong.
You're not an honest boy, you should say ' sorry ' to Uncle Yang and return the money to him.
After that, I got angry with my cousin.
I didn't talk and go to school with her for a long time.
Over thirty years past, I still remember the story, I think that my father was right.
My father was and is a great father.
Recently, many famous sites of historical interest in China have begun or are considering charging tourists higher entry fees during peak travel seasons , such as National Day, summer holiday, Spring Festival and so on, according to a recent newspaper report.
The pubic has a aggressive debate about it.
Of course some support this move and some disagree with it.
When it comes to me, I am in the first group , considering it as a reasonable move.
To begin with, I am here to point that charging higher entry fees during peak travel seasons will be a great relief to transportation.
As we all know Chinese are busy about their work and study except some Chinese legal holidays.
If they want to enjoy themselves, you have no choice of their time but these Chinese legal holidays.
So it comes to that most people will have similar outgoing plans , of course those famous sites of historical interest could be their first choices.
They need to go through the same routes to these sites so as to put great pressure to transportation.
If we charge more to these famous site, some people will change their plans of visiting these famous sites during these peak travel seasons as price is an important element to customers buying decision, In addition , alleviation of transportation will contribute a lot to our environment as air quality is close related to automobile exhaust.
Further, charging more of course will bring these famous sites a lot financial benefits, so people in charge of these sites could use extra income to do more constructions, for example, improving service, renovating facilities.
Through these constructions, on one hand, these sites could be more attractive to tourists, on the other hand, because of their improved level they could be reasonable to charge higher entry fees.
Last but not least, with the increased income and accumulated wealth among general public, rising prices is undeniable trend, so it's reasonable to charge more during peak travel seasons.
With the above analysis, we can see such a move not only has it's own reasons but also benefit us a lot.
However, entry fees should be reasonable, otherwise it's could lead to public outrage if entry fees rise too much.
Reading has been widely advocated.The old saying, "to open a book is always beneficial" .But With the continuous development of society,different people have different views on this.
Some people think that reading is important.First,it goes beyond doubt that reading is a very important way to gain knowledge.
By reading books,you can know many messages that you don't know before you read.Second,reading can enrich knowledge.Books record a wide range of the things about life.Through reading,we can learn about various aspects of life.Thired,books are a great source of mental encouragement, giving you motives to move forward and so on.
But other people think, reading is not important,we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences.First of all,they think through the practicing,we can learn many skills.such as communication is very important,through the work we learn interpersonal communication and interpersonal skills.
Secondly,practice teaches us skills.Practical ability made us know how to learn a certain language,how to get a good job,how to become popular in your circle and son on.Thus, these can make us more skillful if we do certain things.
In my opinion,you can improve yourself in all aspects by reading and reading is a critical part of learning and growth,at the same time,we should pay attention to practical ability.Not only to read many good books to enrich your knowledge and get whatever information you need.,but also to learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences,because it's can benefit us in many ways.
Nowadays some people are getting more and more tricky and there are more and more Injustice events .
Now scapegoat generally refers to the innocent person who is be blamed for something that someone else did and bears the entire fault that someone else committed.
I have heard some news about the scapegoat in my real life.
In the evening of February 9, 2009, there was a serious fire happened in the cultural center of the new CCTV address park.
The fire caused by the fireworks lasted for six hours and led to the loss of 163.83 million yuan in direct economic.
But in the end, only some fireworks transporters were arrested and I think they are the scapegoat.
They are not responsible to it.
It is the leaders in the new CCTV address who decided to set fireworks in this area illegally.
Besides, the building was built with the inferior construction material which are poor fireproof, so some construction units should take the responsibility too, instead of the fireworks transporters.
Today, the people are more utilitarian and selfish and the moral consciousness is getting worse.
So the phenomenon of "Scapegoat" frequently happens and the unfair cases are more than ever.
I do hope that the people's moral consciousness and conscience will be more important than the benefit and they will be more honest and brave to take their responsibility.
Mrs Sun is my English teacher.She is twenty years old.She looks very nice.She quite tall,with big eyes and short hair,and she wears glasses.She always wears dress.She is always friendly to us.Her all students love she very much.She likes singing and dancing.I love she,because she teaches very well and she is very pretty.
Learning that you are interested in The Voive Of China,a show heated in China recently,I would like to introduce the show to you.
Last summer,a new selling point known as blind audition brought the attention of audiences to The Voice of China which are first shown in Zhejiang Satellite TV.In this show,four famous singers as judges do not appericiate the contestants' performence face to face but sit back to the contestent until then decide to turn the chairs to show that they would like to coach this contsetant.If more than one judge turns, the contestant has the right to choose one judge as his or her coach.The blind audition is so interesting that even mojority of audiences try it while watching the show at home.
In my opinion,the positive energy spread by the show is much more attracive than the singers' performence or the judges' argument for the singers.
If you want to know more,you can search it on the Internet or write to me.
Recently,people often discuss a topic which is important between theory and practice.However I do not think that the topic is meaningful.In my opinion,we should attach importance to both theory and practice.Here are some reasons about it.
In the first place,Theory is based on practice.Theory comes from practice.Theory not been tested by practiced is not worthy of belief.The real part of us through practice that be called theory.
On the other hand,Theory,in turn,severs practice.I do not think that it necessary for us to cherk every theory.we should contribute to continual improvement by those theories.
As far as I am concerned,Theory and practice are interrelated each other.Both of them are important part of our life.
In China, there are lots of festivals,such as The Dragon Boat Festival, The Lantern Festival.
Nonetheless my favorite traditional Chinese festival is Spring Festival.
DLunar New Year is the first day of the Spring Festival.
During the Spring Festival, we have lots of things to do.
We must sweep the floor before the Spring Festival, meaning the bad luck to sweep away.
We can't break anything in the Spring Festival, so that we can have bad luck.
We can watch fireworks,and watch the Spring Festival Gala.
If you want to eat Chinese food in Spring Festival, you can eat Jiaozi because Jiaozi is very delicious and the Jiaozi is like gold ingot, will bring us good luck.
During the Spring Festival, our whole family was together, so I like Spring Festival very much.
My favorite traditional Chinese festival is The Spring Festival.
I think The Spring Festival is very interesting.
Now school mainly depends on the cultivation of students capacity to take in moral education,but cognize that germany is the most important for people.
Now since most school do not attach importance to moral education,without virtue only cause there are lots of creams.They don't show filial piety to parent,not honest and dependable,even on bus refused to give seat to old.Newspapers also frequently sees college students because his seat even shout at the elderly.Some people even stolen money from other people on the bus.
If people cannot even basic morality is not good,even if he has a high capacity,to the society he isn't a useful person.Because he is a selfish man,he wouldn't make any contribution to the sociable.So we don't need that kind of people.
Can see how important moral education,lay on importance to educating but also to strengthen the moral education.
Now I'm having a good time with my chinese friends.Let me tell you what I do with them.
First,I study with some chinese students,and do some sports with them,for example play football.And then,we visit some places of historic interest and scenic beauty.We also see Peking Opera in Beijing.We eat many delicious food and I know a lot of chinese history.
I live in a chinese student's home,and I enjoy the Spring Festival with his family.We eat jiaozi on that day.
I like the life that in China.I think you can China with me next time.
A lot of things happened during the last two years.
One day, I went to school and a dog sat in my house door.
I was so scary.
Then I called my mother to hurry it.
When I went home, the dog was still in my house outside.
My uncle took it in my house and we were feed it.
The dog became a member of our home.
We gave her a mane.
It makes me happy every day.
I took it out in the morning, I think it was happy.
But in the evening, I got news, my uncle will bring it back to his hometown.
I was worried about it and I can't do nothing.
I was so sad and I entreated them not to take it away.
But no use for them.
I think it will be fine in the hometown.
The public can still benefit from visiting libraries, even though these days access to the Internet can provide all kinds of information.
To enhance the quality of research, it is better to make the most of modern Web-based.
At this information age, the diversified advantages of using the Internet are only too obvious.
Online resources can be obtained from all over the world 24 hours a day, seven days a week while a library's publications cannot provide up-to-minute information the way Web sites can.
The Internet gives users opportunities for two-way communication through Facebook, Twitter, E-mail, MSN, among other electronic devices.
Some sites feature rare books, documents and special collections that traditionally have been only available in libraries.
Almost at no cost and merely a few clicks away, the public can read newspapers, magazines, journals and encyclopedias, no matter when or where.
Furthermore, the Internet offers a complete multimedia experience-texts, video, audio, hyperlinks and graphics, etc.
all at once, but such advantages often cannot be expected from town libraries.
As is known to all, in the information age, we should let the Internet play a greater advantage,especially get a library with their own free and fast.
My father is an extremely crucial people for me .He gave me money idea and something ,and he said,I'm not his hope and future,but he still look after me without careless.
.So I can always depend on my father .When I was a child ,my father plays with ,which makes me grow up .Now my father teaches me how to make friends with others and depend on myself .My said,parents can help you ,teacher can help you , others still can help you .But all these people only help you to depend on yourself .Althoug I can depend on my father .I hope I still can depend on myself.
Nowadays the electronic computers are now in common use all over the world.When I was in the 3 grade I was closed to the computer firstly.We learn the computer technology,and I like it very much.
After that the electronic computers is an important subject all the way.
In the school,we often use the internet to search some information.
The internet is simple and convenient it is easy to operate.
From the internet I am familiar with many friends,and I can keep contact with my friends all along.
We chat on the internet and send out e-mails.
When I am surfing on the internet I listen the music normally,I gain a feeling of joyful.
On my studies,the internet is a good resource I can make rational use of it.But on the other hand,it also has many shortcomings.
When I am surfing on the net,I play the games and I loss the time which is so important for us.
When I surfing on the net,much surfing has impaired my vision.I am shortsighted,the sight is what I loss on surfing net.
A coin has two sides.So we must pay much attention to this problem.
Nowadays,more and more college students have a lot of unhealthy habits.Good habits play an important role in our life.It is necessary for us to give up the bad habits.
As for as I am concerned,a part of students usually pull an all-nighter to play computer games.So those college students in the class are not committed to listening.Their study are not good.And spend a lot of money on those are not necessary.In order to their huge costs,their parents most be crazy at work.It is harmful to us.Some students always stay up into night although they don't play computer games.Sleeping late is a unhealthy habits,but most college students do it.
First and foremost,so precious is time that we can't afford to it.you can do something good for you.For example,we can read books,they can open our minds.Besides,we should go sleep in time are prepare for work tomorrow.Last but least,we should realized that it is not easy for my parents to earn money.we should keep thankful to them.Only by living up the requirements,can we have a good habit.
I effect aware of that enjoying learning English online at the most crucial.
We are able to communicate with others in online instead of answer a couple of questions in a big class .The most influent result of having learned English online is that we can come up all the questions, we couldn't.
and don't worry embarrassing mistakes.
Because of we are strange people, so it can eager anwer questions.
In computer we can even get access to English people and insights their culture.
As we know, when junior high school graduated and entered a university, most of them have to leave far away from their home and live in a residence.
As a result, university students have found some differences between living in a residence hall and living at home.
To begin with, students could find that there is no privacy living in a residence.
Four students live in a room, they could know what you do and which persons you touch, except your thoughts.
But when you living at home, you have enough privacy.
Other people don't know what you experience.
What's more, maybe living in a residence has a poor environment for studying.
For example, you could control your roommates' behaviors.
When you want to study in your residence, one of your roommate are watching video loudly on computer.
Or when you want to sleep in the day, other roommates are talking excitingly.
At this time, you will feel extremely nervous.
Conversely, if you live at home, you can do everything and nobody could disturb you.
You could have a quiet environment to do something.
However, Every coin has two sides.
Although you could study quietly, you may have less freedom when you live at home.
You could go somewhere and meet someone you want to without your parents' asking.
You need not consult with them when you intent to buy something unnecessarily.
On the contrary, you must consider your parents' feelings as much as possible only if you live at home.
Last but not least, students have convenient transportation when live in a residence hall.
Every day you could go to your classroom on foot or by bike.
However, if you live at home, you have to take a bus even trains to go to your university.
Now through the contrast we could draw a conclusion that it is different to live in a residence hall and live at home.
But we could try our best to adapt our environment and face it with a positive attitude.
Today,I want to talk about a general case that rely too much on computers.
At present,there are a number of people more ande more rely on computers.It's shows that use computer to do thier work,chatting with other people on the Internet or palying computer game.There are many else.But it will bring some problem owing to relying too much on computers.In my opinion,I admit computers have make our life convenient and rapid.We can easily do many things.But computer also may cause a few problem.For example,many people's writing ability is more and more weak and many words we couldn't write.And computer makes people lazy.So,we should propose people don't rely too much on computers.We need use it reasonable.
The olympic Games will be held after four years.SOgoverment will be putting up new buildings in the capital and the whole area .Kurt Gunter designed the buildings and workers will have completed the new stadium by the end of nest year.Our country never held Olympic Games before and we are looking forward to them anxiously.
 Both my brother and i are going to the dympic Games.
 We bought tickets a long time ago and we shall be leaving soon.
 We not onil see tthe Games but we shall visit many parts of the country as well.
To everybody,making plans for affairs that you're going to conduct can save time and get high efficiency.
The same as the students.
Therefore,we can express that studying excellently is of vital importance as well as making a triumphant career planning.
Thus, I, a common college student, have to make and announce it.
Firstly,book is undoubtedly necessary.
So, getting a good knowledge of professional courses is useful, I think know a foreign language well is helpful,too.
Not only get all A in the end-of-term examination, but also apply it for daily life smoothly.
I'll manage to learn English, or more is better.
However,it's far enough to know the contents on the books during the classes,what actually points is how can we use we learned in practice,despite the fact that I'm not interested in textbooks at all currently,whatever,it must be finished.
Next, to integrate into the society earlier makes life more convenient, that means you and me can deal with the social pressure,communication,work,things you hate or you agree with.
I prefer to achieve this goal by joining more clubs,getting several part-time jobs or even travelling,as long as I put myself in the social activities.
Actually, all the difficult and endless process that I'm ready to experience is for the third step,finding a good job.
My dream is to be a sports journalist,that's the most prefect business.
However,if a chance provided by a company is a salesperson,I have to do,because you can't always be what you really want.
I would rather care more about the work's potential but the salary.
Ten years later, I must have graduated from college, and I can do what I want to do.I think I should have been working, but my work and others are not the same, and it is what I love.
I will go to Korea, to learn Korean, I, and I can speak fluent Korean I to apply for the Korean entertainment company's agent, acting for the stars, and I hope is my favorite star.
Maybe I will not be successful, so I will go home, then open a tea shop, a happy boss, holidays to go to Korea to play, come back to buy some things like.
Or occasionally to look at a concert of idols, that life is really a dream.
With the development of science and technology,the phenomenon of global warming.For example,human activity causes decline in the forest area.A lot of people use fossil fuels,leading to increased carbon dioxide emissions.For this phenomenon,we should take some measures to alleviate global warming.firstly we should find new energy and reduce the use of oil and coal.
secondly,we should plant trees and increase energy saving awareness.
As a college student,we should learn the knowledge of increase global warming.We also can save energy and no waste.We can hold activities,such as planting trees,do volunteer work.You can also send posters,sets up the consciousness of energy conservation.
Almost every girl persues beauty in appearance.
They try their best to become beautiful.
So do I. the difficult task is to lose weight which is a long and contradictory process.
It was at the secondary year in high school that I firstly had the motivation to lose weight.
I still remember that I was stimulated by the figure of the actress Jeon Ji-hyun in the movie called Daisy.
The thin figure makes her so charming that every man wants to protect her.
Even though my height was as tall as hers, my weight was about 60 kilograms.
From that time on, the convictions of losing weight was established in my mind.
Then I deliberately ate less and less to lose weight, it was painful but had a sense of achievement.
At the beginning, I couldn't endure the calling of starving in my stomach.
But when the beautiful figure appeared in my brain, the others disappeared without a shadow of question.
Finally I succeeded in keeping my weight of 52 kilograms.
However, my plan was destroyed as the university entrance examination arrived.
I needed sufficient energy to think and learn so that I have to eat more.
And I had no time to exercise so that my weight went up and up.
I comforted myself that learning was the most important to shift my attention.
My weight went up to 65 kilograms at the time of graduation from high school.
There was no doubt that I felt depressed about my weight after university entrance examination.
I cried facing the mirror when I saw my fat figure during the summer holiday.
After all going on a diet and doing exercise were an extreme painful process.
So I poured this mind that the real beauty exists in one's heart rather than the figure into my mind.
So those days before entering the university pasted quietly.
The new day has come in the university, where so many beautiful girls jump ropes, do aerobics and others to lose weight every night.
My mind of losing weight reappeared.
After all, the thin figure can attract boys' attention.
So I join in them.
In the light of the process of losing weight, it is a long and contradictory process.
Tsinghua University is my dream university.It has long history,which interests me most.As one of the famous universities in China as well as the whole world,it represents the high technology.Let us have a look at the best-known University.
Tsinghua University, Located in the northwestern suburbs of Beijing,was set up in 1911.Here comes the Tsinghua Garden.
In 1928,Tsinghua University changed its name as National Tsinghua University.Nine years later,Tsinghua University moved to Changsha,Hunan Province,together with Peking University and Nankai University to form Changsha Temporary University.
In 1938,it changed its name as National Southwest Associated University and move to Kunming,Yunnan Province.Tsinghua University returned back to Beijing in 1946.
Tsinghua University has many departments,even some well-known schools.The University includes several departments.They are Department of Architecture, Department of Building Science, Department of Civil Engineering, Department of Construction Management, Department of Hydraulic Engineering, Department of Environmental Science, Department of Environmental Science, Department of Precision Instruments and Mechanology, Department of Precision Instruments and Mechanology, Department of Thermal Engineering, Department of Automotive Engineering, Department of Industrial Engineering, Department of Electrical Engineering, Department of Computer Science and Technology, Department of Automation, Department of Microelectronics and Nanoelectronics, School of Software, School of Aerospace, Department of Engineering Physics, Department of Chemistry, Department of Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Mathematical Sciences, Department of Physics, Department of Mathematical Sciences, Department of Physics, Department of Chemistry, School of Life Sciences, School of Economics and Management, School of Economics and Management, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, School of Law, School of Journalism and Communication, Academy of Arts and Design and School of Medicine.Further more there is 65 programs.
Since my dream university is Tsinghua University,the University's campus is so charming.
The famous four buildings,which stand for the whole Univerty,are the auditorium, a library, the Science Museum, the Coliseum.We can know others.Just like The Land Of Woods And Waters, landscape garden, assembly hall, the main building.They all make Tsinghua University become mysterious and histories.It attracts me forever.
I suppose I can enter Tsinghua University one day.Only in this way can I achieve my dream.
Now a lot of beautiful girls can find very good jobs, who although have no strong ability, so some people come to the point that appearance is more important than ability.
I do not agree with that opinion.
Good appearance may be able to give the other people a good impression, but with the time goes by, good appearance will not stay longer.
On the other hand, if you have the capability, it will always stay with you.
Someday the other people will know your ability and admire you.
Like the singer, Han Hong, whose appearance is not very good, but she has the ability and she is very famous.
I think that the capability is important than good appearance.
So when we have spare time, we can read more books to improve our ability.
I do believe that if we have the capability, we will succeed sooner or later.
About heroes ,there are many words to describe them.
Goodness, brave, selfless, responsible, all of these is.
I think these aspects are to make heroes.
The essential character of a hero is the sense of responsibility.
So if you want to be a hero, you should have a sense of responsibility.
Secondly, brave also is the indispensable factors to become heroes.
Because of the brave, we can have a strong heart to face challenges.
brave is a life attitude, it represents the optimistic attitude towards life.
So brave is another factor to become heroes.
Last but not least, as a proverb says:"A hero is nothing but a product of his time, the times produce their heroes.
Opportunity is also an essential factor.
If you can seize the opportunity timely, you are likely to be a hero.
In a word, there are many factors to become heroes.
Only if you have the right attitude,every will be ok, including a hero.
I'm the nersonin charge of the school.Now we need an editor of the English version.If you do it,you will need to choose articles form English newspapers and magazinesand the Internet,and,you need to select and edit the articles from students.If youhave some spareltimo and you are willing to use it to serve the students,of course the work vequires your English tvanslation and artare very good,and will operate the computer.
With the progress of the society more and more serious global warming problem.
A lot of people use fossil fuels, emissions from a large amount of CO2 and other greenhouse gases.
And a large number of cut down trees, make over a certain carbon dioxide levels.
To produce the greenhouse effect, causing global warming.
In order to alleviate the problem of global warming, we have to control carbon emissions, the development of new energy sources, protect the ecological environment.
In addition, we also firmly to practise family planning, population control.
As a college student in school, in the life can save water electricity, use less disposable products.
As far as possible when going out by bus, not by private cars.
We can also do cherish creatures, plant green protect green.
In modern society.
The problem of the traffic jam become more and more serious.
The show of the traffic jam is the increasing vehicle.
The narrow street and the people who lack the safety consciousness.
The traffic's influence that make people's life without regular pattern.
Prevent the people's right of the way and cause the people extremely inconveniences.
I think that to settle this problem.
The essential thing is to raise the citizen's consciousness about the recently city traffic problem.
The next is to enhance the run strength of traffic department.
For instance that forbid the tradesman access to the major street.
Provide necessarily traffic's facilities and so on.
The last.
I think that to make the street more smooth and more comfortable.
Make the city's morning more fine.
The efficient methods only is use our efforts to create.
Throughout the years civil service exam registration personnel number, enter oneself for an examination for civil servants peremptory has become a popular trend, as a way out for comfort.Another view can see an official Chinese several thousand years of history, has always been a people turn is the main and important way.An official means high person, shall have the right money and treasures will be plentiful.Judging from the current also means to obtain a good seats.For the earning, he first realized is even worst and a good income, a stable if luck can also have a tight, the future is more likely to Carnegie Hall.How many students are aware that this is really a tough job, set up the service ideal of plebeian inhabitants.
Of course we can't go to blame this kind of thought, when can we reflect on, what reason be cause?I think the key or the management of civil servants and examination method.Civil servants, civil servants, just as its name implies is to serve the public.Now that is a fundamental service personnel should be aware of the public is.Should want to other services staff have a strong sense of competition, have to have.Constrained by strict, scientific management and examination of each person, make them fully aware become the civil servants not to enter the security safe, than the threshold of the careers.
China's employment environment is not optimistic.Difficult employment, and is not usually difficult.Thirdly, the rights and interests of Chinese common laborers has largely been illegal trampled and deprivation.Light can very clearly see from the social welfare, civil service benefits is best, all kinds of social welfare can complete implementation of the national requirements, and even some units will is beyond the scope prescribed by the state.In ordinary workers here at the grass-roots level, to fully perform the enterprise is very low, many of them are disguised to deal with, or transfer of loopholes.Coupled with relevant government department supervision does not reach the designated position, or some local authorities are everywhere for these situation, therefore grass-roots employee's welfare extravagant hopes.Combined with the low level of wages, workload is big, and competition is intense, so of course everyone wants to take an examination of civil service.The best way to take an examination of civil service is free of pain.
Recently some banks extend their business to university campus and offer credit cards to students.
A lot of people worry that credit cards may bring harm to students, while others don't think so.
In my opinion, credit cards will bring harm to students without appropriately.
First of all, college students are green-hand to the society.
They got poor self-control in money so they cannot tell the right things from the society.
If they are offered the credit cards by banks, they will buy anything without control themselves.
Secondly, students in the university will get enough living expenses from their parents.
They don't need the credit cards from the banks.
It is unnecessary for students.
What's more, if students have their own credit cards, they will face the danger of paying off loans.
How much money they cost today will repay in the future or even more.
As the children in family, it will be parents loans.
In other words, what they cost will repay by their parents.
It will aggravate the burden of their family and bring unfavorable effect to the society.
Therefore, I think college students should not use the credit cards.
My favourite festival is the Spring Festival.
Because at the time of the Spring Festival, all family members get together to have dinner.
And, you can eat lots of food.
People get together to chat, the children play together.
I most like the Spring Festival to the fact is, I can get lucky money.
May I make the fireworks when the holidays.
For this reason, many children like the spring festival.
About study abroad many persons has different thinking.
Studying abroad has many advantages.
It builds a good language environment that is good for languages study.
And study abroad can widen our field of vision,learn many advanced technology.
Strengthen many nations cultural communications also an advantage of study abroad.
Every thing has two sides,so studying abroad also has disadvantages.
Due to we are young,we have few life experience and our ability of living is very bad.
When we live alone without our friends or parents by our sides,we will lonely and miss our hometown.
The life and learning spending are very high.
Cell phones are a wonderful convenience and fun gadgets to have.
However, there still debate about whether or not they belong in schools.
Consensus needs to be reached between parents, students, and educators regarding the fair use in schools.
Certainly to ban them completely is to ignore some of the educational advantages of having a cell phone in the classroom.
Also, there needs to be sensible communication concerning the misuses of cell phones and some uses are definitely unacceptable.
On the one hand, using cell phones in class has advantages.
Firstly, students can take pictures of class projects to show parents.
Ordinarily, parents do not see projects that are completed in groups in school.
Secondly, we can use it to call our parents if we have something to tell them or meet some bad things.
Thirdly, we can use it to look up the word without the big dictionary, and it's convenient too.
On the other hand, there also have disadvantages for us, we always use the cell phone to play and to forget what we should do and we also can't control us to use it in class.
Caused during class inattention, if the phone is ringing also affects others, and is likely to be confiscated, because it violates the rules of the school.
In my opinion, I think we shouldn't to be allowed to use it in class, because if there are phones next to us, we want to play them every time, and can't listen to the teacher carefully, it can make our grade fall.
So I didn't agree to use it in classrooms.
In the modern world, using plastic bags has become very common.
Many persons are used to using it when they go shopping, because it's convenient.
Recently, however, scientists have been finding that long-term use of plastic can cause damageto our environment.
Firse, there are many plastic bags dropped everywhere.
This makes our world more dangerous.
Then, thanks to it, many animals have to change their habits and some plants couldn't grow in those places that were polluted by plastic.
In addition, these plastic bags won't disappear for a long time in the future.
They will do harm to the world all the time.
With the discoveries, some persons are beginning to turn to cloth bags.
Cloth bags also are convenient without doing harm to our environment.
If all the people use cloth bags instead of plastic bags, we could keep the air, soil and water free from the pollution of plastic bags.
I know that maybe plastic bags are more convenient than cloth bags.
But the more important thing is to protect our world from pollution.
Using cloth bags has a main goal: to make the world more beautiful.
In order to improve students' knowledge about the traditional culture of Guangzhou, our school held a "Guangzhou Clutrue Festival" last Saturday.
In the"Guanghzou Cultrue Festival", we have a Cantonese Opera Competition.
Many students are interested in it.
So students actively participate in.
Music is pleasant, and clothes are beautiful.
In addition to this, there is a Pictue Show and Food Show.
The Picture shows the change of Guangzhou, we can learn Guangzhou history and culture from this.
The Food Show is a lot of famous food of Guangzhou.
The food is very delicious.
I hope will more show the next time, and I hope it will more and more success.
In recent years,the advantages and disadvantages of phones have become a hot topic both on and off campus.There are a recent survey of 2000 college students asked about their attitudes towards phone calls and text-messaging.What they like most is that they can reach other people while what they like least is that others can reach them.As for me,I would prefer to the advantages are more than the disadvantages.
There are several reasons for this.First of all,students get more opportunities to communicate with their old friends and relatives who are far from them.It is an excellent way to improve relationships with them.And then ,it costs less to send a message than write a letter or any way else.For example,if they have anything emergency,a short message will be convenient and useful.It is very cheap but timely.Last but not least,it is general that the Internet with cell phones among college students are widely.They can learn news,look for useful information,chat on line,etc.Nearly anyone of college students are one of the Mobile phone users.
From my point of view,with the development of technology and economy,phones will be more and more convenient for people,especially our college students.We should use the phones wisely to play the its best role.
Nowadays,more and more universities think the most important thing is study and cost lots of time to develop students' study ability.But they ignore the same important thing,that's studnts'moral character.
As a university student in the new times,we should develop study ability and moral character in the meanwhile.If we want to be a excellent student,moral character is absolutely necessary.In the future when we step in the society,moral character may be more important than the study.Because lots of companies think high on the moral character.They thought moral character is the basic of conduct oneself and good moral character can help the company get the better development.If a person only have good study ability but didn't have a good moral character.He may let the company step in a bad condition.
So in order to develop the excellent student,school should develop the study ability and moral character in the meanwhile.
Although Government employees exam is more and more popular , graduate student is busy with the job.and a lot of people make a decision to join the government employees test.
On the one hand , about the social progress , every people is in charge of the pressure more large , so people think the job is important , at the same time , we have to hard , can not life after all , It is said that the government employees test is hardly passd , in my opinion face the chellange , we can work on others job , not all people is sure he can pass the exam .
One the other hand , undergraduate student get off the university to found the job, but we know the salary is a few and request more experience , certainly experience is important .and other ways student is also not strengh , However face the difficulty , they give up others job , on the contary, face the problem we can positive face the problem , encourage our belief , in our spare time known about different work , then do a little of posizining , from now on make different progress , not only this but also every day study a bit !
Miss Susan Hobson Secretary two years in my office, during the handworking , loyal, honest.
She is a competent secretary.
is a competent secretary.
Her English and German are good, fluent oral English, capable of general interpretation work.
So she is a good outstanding secretary.
My name is X and I am from Y,Z.There are four persons in my family, including my father my mother my sister and me.I love them very much.
I am an active girl,I really like to make friends.Also,I like eating and playing.I can eat too much once.I like swimming.But there is no swimming pool in our school.What a pity!And I like playing badminton,too.What is more,my favourite colour is blue.Besides,I have a dream which is I want to go out for a trip.
From this picture,we can know,a teacher takes a literature book to a student,and say "just think of it as if you're reading a long text-message".
Everybody know the literature is important to student,when we start to study,the literature plays an important role,it tells us how to study Chinese history, a way of life,and bring people courage,confidence,and wisdom.
However,literature in some opinion's is too boring,because it's too difficult for him,and they can't appreciate the literature'real means , they will more and more confused,so they give up.
But in my opinion's,as a student,I should fully realize the importance of reading literature.when we work,we will face a lot of challenges and pressure,we maybe angry,but literature will make me calm,and know a lot of reasonable.It's also efficiency to our life.
Hello everyone,I'm LiHua.
As a middle school student,I think it's important to be polite to others.
It's my great honor to be hear and share my opoinions with you.
Our country is hidding for the 2022 tinter Olympices.
I am not against the rules.
I always smile at others so that we can be good friends.
For the most part I say hello to my teacher every day.
When we have noodles,I will wait in line.
If I go to a party or meet somebody,I get there on time If we do all the polite things we should do,we will feel delighted and our parents will be proud of us.
support 1:I feel so busy.
support 2:I need to concentrate.
support 3:The handout and vocabulary is difficult.
support 4:I should improve my study quality.
This year,I had a very unusual Spring Festival.I spent my whole holiday in America without my parents.
When the Spring Festival Eve was coming,I had to go to school in America,but we wanted to decorate the school with some classical Chinese things with full of Chinese culture to let the American students know about the Chinese New Year.
Then we got the headmaster's permission.Some.of us went to store to buy some lanterns and some paper cut and others stayed at home to make some poster which introduce the Chinese culture.
In the end,we had a big success.Almost everyone who meet us say"happy Chinese new year"to us.
Although I didn't spend my Spring Festival with my parents,I still had an interesting holiday.I will never forget it.
Recently, a lack of fresh water resource has aroused widely concern, because people can not live without fresh water.
In the pass, people live without the consciousness of protecting the fresh water, because of the large quantity of water in Earth.
But they do not know that we need is fresh water, but not all the water in the Earth.
Another side, the government did not attach importance to propagate and appeal person to protect the fresh water, this is one of the reasons.
In reaction to the phenomenon that we lack fresh water resource, people begin to save water.
They take many actions, for example, they use the water which had been used to wash vegetables to wash floor, achieving duty-cycle operation of the Earth's water.
You know protecting the resource needs the government, so the government had done so many to make a good job, such as making some advertisement and appealing.
The key words are as follows.
To begin with, government that leads us should make more actions about protecting fresh water.
Government should be the first to save water.
Next, the community groups should assist the government to propagate all the actions about save fresh water and take a lead to do well, linking government with general public.
Finally, saving our Earth relies on us everyone.
So individuals are the most important part of solving this problem.
We should try our best to save water in our daily lives.
Our school decides to carry out Cross Cultural Communication Project through the Internet.
There are four aspects of communication.First,need a brief self introduction,it is very necessary.Second, the differences between the two cultures, as students of us, the most concerned about is the diet.Third, you can exchange the two sides of the middle school education.Finally, the exchange of language learning experience, which has great value for both parties.
At last,This is some of my advice on this activity.I am looking forward to your suggestions and ideas, I hope this event will be successful.
The business of the college is not only to train you, but to put you in touch with what the best human minds have thought.It is an organization aiming at improving many students' qualities.
thoughts more or less.When we are not in technical training school,we only specialize in some particular skills.While in universities,it can provide us with both training and education.We can learn many things from many aspects.It can broaden our horizons and make our experience rightful.
In my opinion,a good college is beautiful and full of the romantic atmosphere.
College can supply lots of knowledge for us and all kinds of activities.We should work hard at the school and acquire some great thoughts.
Last but not least, I hope i can achieve my goals.
"Is it confidence,good luck,or one's competence,social relationship?Such is the fact,those things are significant,but the core factor I think to achieve success is a strong will.
Such example happens in millions of people,that they've made up their minds thousands of times to give up smoking but failed all the time.That indicates,a man can not succeed without a will or with an impractical and superficial will.
If you want to run faster than a car,that's impossible,and you won't achieve it even if you practice everyday.If you plan to become a scientist today,but tomorrow you change your mind to become a philosopher,success won't come to you neither.So a strong will means it is realistic and permanent,rather than just staying superficial and not related to the present at all.The will should be linked to one's own conditions and match their maximum capacity.And what's more,they must stick to it.
A man with a strong will won't be afraid of toughness.Once he failed,the strong will would encourage him to kick off the stumbling blocks,and push him to step on the avenue of success.
Our company frequently contect with the import and export.So I organize foreign langue training for some of our staff in order to improve the foreign language.The time of courses will start at 6pm.
on 5th of each month.Anyone who contect with the import and export should attend.
We are getting ready for Spring Festival.My mother is cleaning the house and putting things away.She is working so hard!My aunt is go shopping for family dinner.
Currently , government agencies in some big cities have been studying the possibility of putting a "pollution tax" on private cars ,Which has sparked heated discussion.,In other words ,this phenomenon has aroused the public's attention .As to this policy ,there are two voices :some people state that it is necessary and crucial for the government to control the number of private cars and reduce the pollution in the city ,But others think otherwise .As far as I am concerned ,I'm all for the idea of the pollution tax .
To begin with ,With the development of society and improvement of people's life standard ,more and more people afford to buy their private cars .Undoubtedly ,people gain convenience from it ,But there is one thing we should bear in mind that this phenomenon has inevitably worsened the state of air pollution and even result in bad quality air ,acid rain ,and even global warming.So it's time for the government to apply this policy to practice to control the behaviour and private car owners should pay for the harm they do to the environment .In addition ,with this measure ,government will hopefully limit the number of private cars .Finally ,it is contributed to people to be aware of the importance of environment protection.
All in all ,the pollution tax will be important and crucial in the long run .I still bold the idea that if strictly enforced ,it will sure improve our environment ang give us fresh air .
Nowadays the TV talent show has been presented in many TV station and have attracted many young people.And many young people gives up their study to these show,for the sake of becoming famous.The social phenomenon reflect the vanity of most people.It also reflect that people are anxious to achieve quick success and get instant benefits.Some people will think this is a good way for the young people to become famous,but in my opinion,I think attending TV talent shows is not good for young people.
It should be admitted that the TV talent show can make some people become famous,but it doesn't mean all the people can be famous by this way.
It is not good for young people to attend the talent show,because it can make them think that attending the PK shows is a shortcut to the success, so they may look down the way of achieving success by hard work.It isn't a beneficial thing for young people,because it can let them make no attempt to make progress.
In a word,joining the TV talent show isn't a good thing for young people,so if you want to attend it,you have to think more about it before you make the decision.
I think that the most creative people in the world is Nikola Tesla, he is a world-renowned inventor, physicist, mechanical engineer and electrical engineer, what is more Tesla is considered as the important inventor in history.
Radio Engineering,Fluid engineering,geophysical,Vacuum technology,Cryogenic engineering,Mechanical and electrical engineering.Tesla have 700 patents in all countries,including unapproved and approved patents.Tesla's most valuable achievement is the discovery of the rotating field theory .He invented the poly-phase order AC power transmission and AC induction motor.His most famous invention is Tesla coil which can get a million volts of high frequency voltage.It is convenient for our life.Although his finding violated Edison's DC theory at that time,he still insisted on his own theory.Additionally,Teals is the originator of wireless remote control and he was the first person who described the principle of radar.As far as I am concerned,almost no one can beyond his creative ability.
But he also spent much time to study,he spent about 16 hours on his study everyday, We should learn from his creative spirit , I hope we can get the brilliant achievement like him in the future .
Today mang people like to listen to the music.
I like to listening music too.We listen to the music when we sleepping,or doing other things.
Why we like listen to the music so much.When I listening to the music,I feel as if I'm going into another colorful world while listen the music .So I think listen to the music can make we feel relaxing.It's good for our healthy.So,this is one of the reason we like listen to the music so much.
Some people think listening to the music can also let us feel exciting and give we much energy.
Listening to the music It's good for us.
As we can see in the picture,a butcher has sold some meat to a woman who has paid a false 100-yuan.But the woman do not know the meat is watering.
In fact, if we are honest to others,they will be honest to us in return.In turn,they will lie to us.Also,if you are dishonest,it is impossible for you to gain other people's trust.Nobody will want to be friend or do business with you.As a result, you will have no chance to succeed and will die alone.
On the other hand,people will trust you and think highly of you.If you are honest, people will be willing to get alone with you and they will show more respect to you.And you will feel your life becomes easier and happier.
So,in any case,we should remember that honest is the Best Policy.
,being diligent is the duty of those who want to realize their life goals.
Students as we are, we should be aware that study is a difficult and long-term program so that we must be diligent.
For example, if you are eager to possess the skill of speaking English, you need to spend much time in reading after the record and accumulating vocabulary.
For a white collar, success or fail in his work would depend, to a great degree, on whether you are diligent enough or not.
It is no use trying to find a short cut to success.
To sum up, please bear this in mind that "diligent makes success be within your arm.
English book has influenced me most,because I learned many English words and English grammars from it.And I can sing English songs through learning English.I like singing very much.So,I am very thankful to have this opportunity to learn English.After learning English,I knew different culture about different countries,that is a wonderful thing to know about cultures about different countries.How lucky I am!
I am very happy to learn English,because I like communicating with people from different countries,learning English help me to understand others better,and I can talk to foreigners.English book has changed my life,because I want to be an English teacher in the future.
After graduating,I just want to continue learning English.It is a funny thing.
As you know the spring festival is a traditional festival in our country.
The Spring Festival means to greet the arrival of spring.
Before the festival, we have lots of work to do.
First, we should go to shopping mall and supermarket to buy Special purchases for the Spring Festival, like meat, fish, candy and cookies.
Second, a Spring Festival couplet plays an important part during the festival.
At first, Spring Festival couplets was used to keep people away from bad luck and year after year, it grows as an auspicious symbol.
Fianlly, people have to clean the house, it means clean the bad luck and next will be a new year.
On that day we must eat dumpling.
Because dumpling look like a Yuanbao and people believe that if you eat dumpling you will be rich next year.
Besides, you can put anything you want in it, that means people best wishes for next year.
So that night the whole family come together to make dumplings and watch Spring Festival Gala Evening.
We also bought a new suit for New Year, of course, children must be happy to wear a new suit.
The first day of lunar year, Children usually get up early even stay up late or all night on New Year's Eve.
In the early morning parents, grandparents and other elder would give children lucky money to buy what they want.
Staying-up occasion, children will receive the elder give gift money, said the gift money to suppress the evil spirit, because "age" and "was" homophonic, junior get gift money can spend a year in peace, but also a symbol of all the year round.
In The Sprig Festival, children must be happier.
They can play the fireworks, eat candy and so much delicious food.
So for me, I think that's really a happy time during whole year.
But I grow up day by day, as far as I'm concerned, the most important thing is the whole family comes together at the festival.
During the year everyone work hard and get what they want.
As an old Chinese saying goes" All alone in the foreign land, I'm twice as homesick on this day" .Most of the people choose to go home to have a happy festival.
However, some people can't go home because of a lot of reasons.
Thus, The Spring Festival is a day of being together.
As you see, This is The Spring Festival in my eyes.
And I Hope your guys come to China enjoy the festival with us.
Now, TV talent shows, a kind of particular variety shows, become more and more popular among most of people.
However, there two points of view about it, support and against.
As far as I am concerned, I think that it is helpful for people to watch such a type of TV show.
On the one hand, TV talent shows, which is a reality TV show, can show a large number of talent skills to audiences.
Audiences can boraden their horizens from these shows, knowing there are all kinds of special persons in the world.
What's more, some performers devote many precious things to their talents, even loss of their life.
Therefore, audiences can learn much noble quality such as perseverance from these respectful persons so that they can be in the face of life better.
On the other hand, these performers face the national audiences even the world of audiences to show their talents just for the teachers and audiences' recognitions, even for the national honor, So people should not hesitate to support them by watch shows.
With the development of economics, people's demand for TV shows is higer and higer.
So TV talent shows can meet people's requirements.
All in all, TV talent shows is great for people.
Lixia is my friend.And she has a lot of hobbies,like dancing,singing,she likes traveling best.
So she often goes somewhere interesting.
Last year,she went to London with her family.They went there by plane.In London,the weather was wet.It was terrible.What did they do in London?They visited many museums,then they had something special food.But they think the food tested really bad.They felt so so.
This year.Lixia went to Beijing.She took the train to go there with her friends.The weather in Beijing it was very cold.She went to Great Wall,Gugong,Tian'anmen Square.And many old places.They tasted the Chinese food,such as Beijing duck,Bintanghulu.She said the food was delicious.It was an exciting trip!
Nowdays,young people would like to hold a bigger and more expensive wedding than before.
This kind of wedding will cost a lot of coin and will be prepared well-rounded.
As for this phenomena, people have various opinions.
Some people considered that we have earned more money than before so we can spend it in whatever we like.
Others still maintain that we should stick to the economic life even if we earn a lot.
From my perspective, I prefer the first one.
Because we are both post-90s generations.We should have our own tendency.
For myself, having a bigger wedding, represents that my husband likes me very much.I enjoy this kind of feeling.Besides,the bigger wedding makes me proud.After all ,wedding is very significant for one person.
Above all, we all hold our own thought and carry out it.
i'm zhang peng.it's months since we met each other.i can't help missing you.thanks to your email, where you asked me something about chinese spring festival.now,i'd like to introduce it to you.
firstly,the spring festival is a chinese tradition,which is full of love , pleasurea.this important festival encourages millons of people feeling homesick to go back to their own home.
Different people have different opinion of helping strangers.
Whereas I hold the idea that we should help stronger within the scope of our capability.
But nowadays people are fear of helping them, because human beings are worried about bring them trouble.
A majority of people figure that we should be very cautious of those whom we are unfamiliar with.
In their views, there are have three different reasons about not helping strangers as follow: to begin with, they think those who have no relation for us are dislike and hate and scared, because they can use variouties of ways to cheat and force man to undertake some responsibles.
The second reason is that these strangers completely have no ability of making a living if human keep on helping them all the time.
The another reason why people have no duty of helping them, and they must support their families.
The forth reason is that these strangers are very lazy, and they have capability of maganing their own life by themselves, of which people think they are unworthy of saving.
But some people do not think so.
In their views, they believe that everyone have their own secrets, sometimes they need to gain others' helping of people.
Then they have a deep influence on traditional ideology of virtue of helping strangers.
What's more, we are all put into a thought of helping strangers from the way to accept education.
As far as I am concerned, I believe that we should be try our best to help those who need to help strangers with our reasonable justces.
We should not change our mind of a thing with those different opinion of the matter.
Finally, there are a large number of different matters happened around our body.We can not think of whether the matter is good or bad.
However, under obeying the rule of moral, helping people is extremely pleasure and meaning.
Hence, I will call on everyone to help strangers.
In modern society, have some skills are very important for everyone.
However in China, many people think basic living skills should become a course and should also be listed compulsory at school, they think it's a most useful form of education.
Which will be good for students when they graduate and go to the society.
However, some people don't think school open a course of living skills are good for students.
In their view, the teaching of basic living skills is their family's responsibility, instead of the school's obligation.
In my opinion,I agree that encouraging students to develop basic living skills is a good thing.
School open this course can help students learn more and learn fast about the basic living skills.
However their family should help they study the basic living skills also.
Finally, I think combination of both, students can study better.
With the improvement of people's living standards, people's consciousness also unceasingly enhances.
People realized that the shortage of water resources are some serious problems.The shortage of water resources has become a global one of the focus issues.From the minor side, the shortage of water resources in the area will give local people bring a lot of inconvenience.From the major side, water is the source of life, in our daily we can't live without water.Our global economy cannot develop boiling water,water in our lives plays an important role.
Nowadays, there are many causes the reason of water resources shortage.Firstly,the rapid growth of population has become one of the main reasons for the shortage of water resources.Secondly, with the development of the economy, many factories and enterprises employ large quantities of water resource, and the discharge of sewage.
Finally,global warming is accelerating water evaporation of a cause.
In order to solve the problem of shortage of water resources.
From an objective point of view, which requires the Department of water resources to promote the docking, and countries related to water resources protection laws and regulations.
From the subjective perspective, people should enhance their awareness of water saving.
Let us work together to create a better tomorrow.
Are you hesitating when you chose to work or to study?We must be confident, but can't promise pouring whole confidence into all things.
This is just like what most of us do in our daily life, and I am one of them.
Being a mix of pessimism and optimism, I have never let my daze prevent my life.
By contrast, they give me a serious of choices to choose.
More crucial, I seize very good chance to promote myself.
Simply put, to live comfortably, I need to think flexibly.
Not all negative ideas make me failed.
On the contrary, it sometimes gives a different chance to get what I am achieving for.
For example, I always wondered what I was going to do was good or not because of no experience before.
In the process of wondering, the things kept going as usual and I did nothing.
But it turned out that it was a fortune that I did nothing.
After the"fluke", I had better to consider another thing soberly.
But sometimes, considering calmly with my positive thoughts is so much essential.
Life likes crossroads needing our decisions of the exact directions.
Maybe I can falter, but I can't falter without no actions or I will wither.
when I slept late, but sooner I changed the direction of my thinking and my mood brightened.
At last, we decided to go to enjoy a film.
As far as I am concerned I have made it a habit to remember my best self, the one that I want to be.
Maybe the luck that negative ideas give to me can 't last forever, but sometimes it must give me more surprise when I am in depressing mood.
Positive ideas lead me to go on.
So my complicated thoughts, give me productive and wonderful life.
At present many presents do everything for the child, the children wont't do anything,have to depend on three parents.
Parents role models.Parents are children's first teachers,is an example to children imitate the first.Parents' words and deeds,ideology and culture quality affects the child all the time,from the children,so to speak,we will find the shadow of the parents.
Parents,there is a purpose for education pr activation of parents and children education.Many ancient and modern,chinese and foreign celebrities become useful examples of all the family and the role of parents.
As a student, as long as we intend to do something, and to work hard and persevere patiently, nothing will not be triumphant.
Where there is a will there is a way.
There are many examples of this ancient, such as strokes fell great oaks.
Those things that seem unlikely to succeed, as long as we have enough willpower, you should have no big problem.
Think of my word written in a very neat, and then saw someone else's words and intensely envious of, then I decided to buy several of the copybook back exercises After a few months of hard training, I was finally able to write a beautiful hand-word .In fact, this is also learning something else is the same, cannot sing a song to listen to a few times more repeated several times .
IN fact, it is a golden opportunity to learn, as long as we look for the right thing, do it well, do not give up in learning this road forever.
some classic are the Foundation of history, which is a new pilot, is a historical sedimentation, and some schemes are included in the classics, military applications, the secret of success, social patterns, and adapted at any age.
Can learn about various aspects of literary knowledge and knowledge, informative.
Cultivate and increase their knowledge.
You can cultivate your own sense of rending:a long, while writing is getting better and better and better, improve their ability to innovate.
Can enhance your humanistic discipline; improve personal cultivation, cultivation of mere literary interest.
You can lay the foundations for a future career.
"The Secretary is the ladder of human progress", and as books of the Han as smoke sea Commander and elite, for each one of us, are essential to life in a required course.
Is the human embodiment of smart, is the fruit of human cultures.
I want to thank you , my friends.
Once I've read the sentence that" making a million friends is not a miracle .
I really admire this kind of relationship ,I consider so do you.
But I think I own that sort of friendship.
Thanks for being my sturdy ally when I make up my mind to risk; thanks for sharing the happiness and sorrow with me ; thanks for coming back to me no matter how harshly we have argued ;thanks for understanding me although I don't mention what I really feel.
My dear friends , you have no ideas what you means to me , you don't know how much I cherish you ,and you don't know how much I want to thank you.
You always help me put of the trouble, and never leave me alone .
Now we are in different places, different environment ,we both try to remain the same: we still contact each other often and still like to play jokes on each other.
I have faith in our friendship and believe it will never fade.
Thanks for letting me know you, my dear friends.
I want to thank you ,my parents.
My beloved dad and mom,, thanks for bringing me to this beautiful world .
and dedicating almost your whole life to me.
.I can imagine how many difficultsies and obstacles you've conquered.I can imagine all the problems you have faced and all the sweat and tears you have shed to make my life better .
You've been very patient with me.You charge nothing from me and give me everything you can afford.. your hands hold me firmly and leads me forward.. you courage me when I immerse myself in the negativity.
When I lose my confidence,, you tell me the meaning of having faith in myself.
Whenever I consult you for advise , you always tell me how to do correctly and how to grab the opportunity and to prove myself.
You want me to be a good and successful person I can be and I promise you I'll try my best to meet your expectation.
Now I've gradually become mature and independent and I can take care of myself.
The only thing I want from you is :please love yourselves as much as you love me and always keep fit, live a happy life.
Remember whenever you need me ,I'll be your side.
I'm glad to hear from you.It's really exciting to know that you are interested in this TV show The Voice of China which is broadcasted by the ZheJiang Satellite TV.
Being popular among us, this program is broady comprehend by all of us.
Being a reality show, its mainly idea is to select someone that is really good at singing as wall as owing a sweet voice.
In case of choosing competitor only or mainly via their appearance, which is important though cannot tell everything, the program come up with a brillant idea to let the judges seat at the opposite direction to the contestant which the have no idea what the contestant looks like and if the think the beautiful singing voice is what they want or the real voice of China they shall turn around and finally know what do they look like.
