He bit the bullet.In a few years time.He used a small hammer to escape.He never gives up.He eventually escaped and he lived a life of freedom.
I think a person's growth and learning not only need to read, but also need to practice.
Because reading can pleasure our mind, broaden our horizons, also can increase our knowledge, this growth and learning are very important to us.
In addition, the practice can exercise our ability, enhances our ability to work.
So our growth and need to learn to read and practice.
The ancients once said "read rolls, such as writing", deng xiaoping grandfather said "practice is the sole criterion for testing truth".
These two words are shows the importance of reading and growth.
If we grow and learn without reading and practice, then we what also not, learn nothing, will turn into a loser.
I like reading, I sometimes quiet reading a book, I sometimes read aloud.
I like the story in the book, because the story in the book to teach me how to be a person, how to do things.
I also like to practice, so I work very seriously.
Practice can exercise my ability, enhance my ability of work.
I like reading, also like to practice.
Because I know that knowledge can change your fate, the practice can help us succeed.
I will good good study, day day up, and work hard, serve the country.
So my point of view is as important for us to read and practice.
My friend is Mary.Her name is Mary Green.She live in the USA.Her phone number is 420-347-889.Her QQ number is 372252002.I am live in China.My phone number is 13934578990.My QQ number is 372252003.We are good friends.
My name is X,and my English name is Vivi.I'm from P, T.My family have 6 people,including grandma,father ,mother ,sister and brother and me.I like playing badminton and listening to music.Sometimes I will go to the library to read books which can improve my knowledge.I will go shopping with my best friendin my spare time.when I visit a beautiful place,I will take photos.As for me ,I want to be a good teacher when I was a young girl ,but now I want to be a translator.As an university student,I hope I can have a colorful life.aAt last ,"Practice makes perfect"is my motto.I believe I can achieve my dream.
English is so important that we must study it well.
Let me share me how to learn English.
Many people think that learning English is by rote.
So sometimes will have little effect, can make instead by students hate English.
I think this is not the key, the key is to cultivate interest in learning English.
As long as you are interested, will also make progress.
In addition keep to in mind to learn the five keys English: listening, speaking, reading and writing, ask.
As long as it can stimulate students' interest in learning English, so learning English for students it is a pleasure rather than a grind.student will participate in the learning process, consciously take the initiative to the pursuit of progress.
Language learning, can not leave language environment well.
First of all, we should be brave to talk with others in English.
By doing so, we can improve to speak and listen to skills.
Second, we should try to listen to a great variety of English programmes as much as possible.
In this way, we can gradually improve our pronunciation.
Third, we should often read English books, when we encounter a new word.
First of all, we should believe that its meaning from context, and then consult the dictionary.
I think it's a very good way of organizing your reading.
Fourth, we should practice writing ability.
Whenever we have any idea, we should use the pen and write it down.
In China is very important, in order to avoid Chinese grammar and usage.
Fifth, to do "" enquiry, sort out the problems in your homework, ask the teacher or check data to deal in it.
Sentence patterns to avoid grammar mistake.
As long as we listen, speak, read, write, ask, and remember that interest is the source of good grades, "men become of learning to ask questions," our results will make greater progress.
I hope I can help more students to learn methods.
Li Hua is good at Maths and Chinese.
He thinks English and Pysical are challenging and he is stressed.
Li Hua's parents don't understand him.
Then are uesd to supposing their son should do the best in the class.
They even look through Li Hua's diary.
Li Hua is not allowed to watch TV at weekend.
He is forced to study and not allowed to do anything except studying.
Li Hua is nearly mad.
He is even not interested in learning.
In my opinion,Li Hua should have a conversation with his parents and express what he is worried about.
His parents should give Li Hua free space.
As Li Hua is not a little boy any more,he should make his own decision and realize the importance of learning.
Li Hua should also understand his parents.
As is known to all , some languages die out because of the death of the people who speak them.It is out of my expectation that some people should support the disappearance of some languages, because they think that life will be easier if there are fewer language in the world.
As far as I am concerned, it is wrong because a language is the carrier of a culture and a language has the value of scientific investigation.
It is absolutely that the disappearance of a language will do some damage to a certain culture related to this language.For language is a bridge that connects different cultures.That is to say,the disappearance of a language means the disappearance of a culture and a nationality.So both society and individuals should make every effort to protect languages and promote the flourish of them.
Besides,It is a fact that our government are paying much attention to protect many endangered language due to the value if scientific.we are clear that a kind of language can bring us many things when researched such as the fortune,the promotion of soft power and cultural prosperity.therefore, as a citizen of the world,we are supposed to show respect for any language.
To sum up,we are not qualified to evaluate a kind of language and It is reasonable in everything's existence.we should make it clearly that our primary task is not to discuss the rationality of some languages,but to protect them and bring benefits to our posterity.
Trade deficits and manufacturing decline are the legacies of NAFTA and the WTO because they were fatally flawed.
Existing trade agreements should be repaired and rebuilt before moving ahead with another round of broad,new trade deals.
One day, moon disappeared all of a sudden a 70% become a crescent.
At the same time, a looks like octopus aliens on earth, yellow of his life, the face is a round, eyes are white, with a crescent shaped mouth, every hour and moment is smile.
He told people that he destroyed the moon and destroyed the earth next year, before that, he would serve as a middle school teacher in charge.
So the government decided to let the students in the class to the assassination of him.
The students know that this incident, no one was afraid, but the beginning of the assassination, the time passed slowly, the students gave it a name, called" Sha teacher ".
Sha teacher are very hard-working, it to yourself every 20 seconds Mach speed help students homework, examination, and to review the lessons.
Later, the teacher did not destroy the earth, but left, disappeared in the universe.
In the eyes of the students, it is a great teacher, but it is always a destruction of the moon's alien......
Hello.
My name is P,I am a 19 years old,I live in the beautiful city of T. I am active.Sunny and clever boy.In the school,my favourite subject is English.Perhaps someone thinks it is difficult to study well.But I like it.
I believe that if you try your best,everything can done well.I also like stops very much.Such as playing basketball.swimming.running.I am kind-hearted,if you need help,please come to me.
I hope we can be good friends.
I always believe that one will easily log behind unless he keeps on learning.OK, this is me.A sunny boy.
In April 2013, Chinese dama scraping a great amount of gold crates a sensation in the world.
Gold is not the rarest metal on the earth and it's not wear-resisting durable.
Firstly, in ancient times, only the emperor and Royal Highness can own the gold.
So people believe that gold is treasure and people desire to own some gold too.
Secondly, property of gold is stable and easy to store.
Gold is not easy to break down during a long time.
Gold in Asian is not much, but rare.
Gold is a prescious material.
Thirdly, gold merit is high because it's a symbol of status.
Women wear gold in wedding day which can show the economic ability and her family's social status.
In conclusion, there are many reasons on people's obsession with gold.
Everyone has their own reasons.
As for me, I love gold only because it's extremely shinning.
With the development of science and technology, more and more high-tech products are brought to our life nowadays, and the application of these products has been more and more wide, especially the computer.
Computers are widely used in many fields, even in education now.
So some people think maybe one day teachers will not play an important role in the classroom anymore.
But I believe that computer can not take the place of teachers.
In order to get better effect, teachers choose to use the computer.
Although computers are convenient, they still can not compare with real teachers.
For example, if students have any question, it is obvious that a real teacher can discuss with them and explain the problem better than computers.
The communication between teachers and students is very important.
And what's more, computers can only help students acquire knowledge, but it can not teach students moralities or principles in social life like teachers will do.
I think that computers are good for teachers' work and it can help students learn the knowledge more easy.
In a word, it can just be a good aid to teachers but will never take the place of teachers.
Students are supposed to take an active action to join more activities,and I will say something about this matter.
Sports is very common in our life.In order to stay fit,we should take much exercise as we can.Jogging really is one of these easy ways for us.It can not only make us relax but also build up our bodies well.
If you would like to do well in English quickly,watching more English movies may be very useful.It will improve your abilities so as to speak English and other foreign languages well.
What is more?You can take part in community activities such as reading club as well as magic club.After you do that,you will make more friends than before.
How to choose after-school activities?I think that it depends on your favourites or interest.Only you like this activity,you can completely do it well.I hope that you will find it correctly.
First,I think setbacks are part life.
And or so can make our more brave.
And frustration can make our stronger .That, we can do more and more better tan before,so I think college students need to be taught how to deal with frustration.
College students poor ability to cope with frustration.such as , many college did not how to deal with frustration ,when there face frustration their always at a loss as to what to do .and then, their always feel nevous.Their did not face frustration can make our more courageous .so I think, college students will is, the answer many be is many parents spoiling children too much ,and pan-rent overly protective of their children.
As a college students we should not be afraid of difficulties,the courage to face the difficulties.And parents should not spoiling children to much, parent should give children more space.is it important for us.
It is my honor to introduce my hometown to you .You kwon HeFei is the center of AnHui.
It is surrounded with beautiful environment and rivers .HeFei as the center of AnHui ,it is economy is very fast and every year it still make great interesing .And HeFei has lots of places of interest ,such as the modle of island and others You konw,as a city try his best to develope articilate ,his environment must be damaged.And our goverment has made lots of work to control it.
People lives here ,hasing a busy life.Old people has used to doing exereise very morning and evening And people is very kind to help some in trouble .They are very happy to welcome foreign people to vist here.
As a period of relaxing time which can be planned completely by one's own, leisure time is always popular.
Some people think that it is important to use leisure time for activities that improve the mind, such as reading and doing word puzzles.
Other people feel that it is important to rest the mind during leisure time.
I agree with the former opinion based on the situation of China nowadays, the way of using time and future of one's own.
Firstly, in today's China, the pace of life speeds up and competition in society turns more fierce than before.
Meeting too much knowledge, people don't have enough time to learn, accumulate and master.
As a result, people need to carry through lifelong study and spend most of their leisure time on studying.
Secondly, combining rest with study is a good way to use leisure time.
Some activities improving people's mind make leisure time substantial and meaningful.
People also can adjust themselves well when they return to busy work.
Thirdly, after long terms of mind improvement, when meeting emergencies, one can quickly calm down and come up with considerable approaches.People can treat their lives at leisure.
Though people should relax and rest their mind from time to time, taknig China's situation, time using and personal future into consideration, it's important to use leisure time for activities that improve the mind.
It is quite clear that rear window culture has merits as well as demerits.One of the important advantages is that the interesting stickers can lend delight during the boring journey.Especially in traffic jam,drivers'anger and boring will be greatly eased by these posters.Besides,different stickers on the rear window of the car can show the unique personality of the car owner,making the car looks differently from others.However,if the car is decorated excessively,the drivers' eyes will be arrested easily,and the amount of accidents will rise.To make matters worse,if the stickers cover the license plate,the car owner will be fined.Through the above analysis,there is no denying that rear window culture has its positive aspects as well as negative ones.
Good morning.
As members of the Student Union, we appreciate it extremely that you take part in this conference.
First of all, I would like to introduce myself.
My name is P,vice-president of the Student union.
In daily life, I am a gentle and quiet girl who always done assigned task in silence so that a number of members of the Studet Union have no idea of me.
Here and now, a famous saying of Dale Camegie comes to my mind"Do not be afraid to show yourself.
As long as you think that you have talent, thus, you have the qualification to take office of this or that occupation".
So today, I am here, standing on this platform which is designed for the members of the Student Union.
In this election, at this defining moment, one words gushes from my deep heart, which is that change is coming to the Student Union and even to the Ha Erbin University.
Before the speech, I would like to extend my heart-felt gratitude to each member of the Student Union.
Thank you, thanks for your tireless work and cooperation over the past year.
My special thanks also go to the outgoing President of the Student Union, Mr. Zhang, for without your support and courage for a long time, I would not be here, and not mention to delivering this speech.
Additionally, this conference would not be so triumphant.
Thank you, thank you, thank you so much.
As mentioned, I am here for the position of President of the Studen Union.
I campaign for this position because I am in possession of the ultra-strong organization ability.
I deem that as a leader, nothing is more important than the organization ability.
For one year, I have accumulated rich experiences by organizing school activity.
Such as, the Crasy English Speech Contest, the Party of welcoming the Newcomers and the Sports Meeting and so on.
As time goes, I have made progress in every aspect.
Provided I serve as the President of the Student Union, I will organize the Student Union well.
Moreover, the capacity for getting along with others is also vital to a leader.
We cannot emphasize the importance of the solidarity and cooperation.
And my superiority is the sweet smile and it also has become my symbol.
Beyond that, the most crucial thing is that I hate the bureaucracy and dislike that kind of people who take advantage of their power to twist the truth for their own good.
Consequently, if I have the honour of becoming the President of the Student Union, I will make the Student Union as a family without distinction between superior and subordinate.
I just have but one wish that is members of the Student Union becoming harmonious in perpetuity.
All above are my advantages.
As Chinese proverb goes"Gold cannot be pure and man cannot be perfect".
In reality, I am not good at speaking mandarin, while I am making efforts to make my mandarin perfect.
I also sincerely wish that the people whoever is sitting here could give me an opportunity to serve the Student Union and this University.
In closing, whatever failed or succeed in this election, I still thank you for believing all the way, to every hill, to every valley.
You lifted me up the whole day, and I will always be grateful for everything that you have done and all the incredible work that you have a part in.
In my opinion,a picture can really tell a thousand words.Pictures have many advantages such as valuable,creative understandable and it can make people be pleasant to hear and see.
What attracts you the most when you are visiting a shopping website?Many people are used to looking at the pictures first when buying things on the Internet because pictures are more attractive than words.Therefore,if you want to do a successful shopping website,you must have some good pictures which can make visitors know the features and quality of the goods.
So a group of well-designed pictures are easier to catch people's attention than a deep article.When the time is not enough or you are impatient,an article which is long and in a mess always makes people feel bored and difficult to understand.
A visualization chart can greatly shorten the time that people analyse the complex data and increasing the productivity of you getting the information.
Solving the geometry problems is the same.You can't work it out only by reading the topic.To draw it in the paper makes you understand it clearer and easier.
So I think a picture can really tell a thousand words.
Dear mom and dad: As you know,I have become a college student two months.
My first impression of the university was so large,it was like a town.
I learned about the university very freedom before I entered the university, however,to my disappointed, it 's like my high school very strict.
Of course, the reason is strict with us in our school is our shool's motto is self-improvement,sincerity,seeking source and innovate.
What's more,I harvest of new classmates and teachers.
Our classmates are very friendly, and they are from all over the country in all directions.
The most important thing is our teachers so kind and often help us to solve the thing on the study and life,I feel so happy when I stay with them.
Finally,in order to make my university's life is colourful, I make a plan for this semester.
Firstly, I need to take an active part in university activity.
Then,now that I entered the university, I need to study hard.
Besides, I will go part-time.
In a word, I think my university life will be better and better.
This Winter Holiday,I join in an party,this party was my friends holding.He invite many friends.But there was a very big rainy.Many people did not come.In fact,there was only three people coming.But it also a party ,right?Because of the heavy rainy ,I wonder we must sleep here in master friends.This party changed into a Pajama Party.
This is master is first Pajama Party.So we also can celebrate ,but the master(one of my friends) love clean very very much.But the other friend was a little ......sloppy.So they can not get well.There were a lot of things.The main activities were telling the ghost story.The master start to say one story''Once upon a time ,there was a people ,he was very sloppy.Everybody hates him.
''When the master said,he was looking at the friend like to use eyes to say ''It was you.
''And we all know what happen.They quarrel constantly.Suddenly,the power off.We all frightened,so we want to go to the basement to restore power .However,the basement was very dirty.The master did not want to go to the basement.The other friend went the basement without saying anything to restore power.When he success ,the master was surprise.
Nowadays,the cellphone plays a more and more imporant role in our daily life.The teachers,the businessmen ,even the school children take cellphones wherever they go.Certainly,the cellphone is the most convenient and popular communicative tool in modern life,but every coin has its two sides.
To begin with ,as a wireless cellphone,it's really convenient for the users to contact others whenever they want.During our festival and holiday,it's so easy to convey our blessings to our relatives,sending them one message by cellphone is OK.Or you are in danger,something bad happens to you,you can easily use the cellphone to call the police for help.
Second,some cellphones make it easy for users to surf the Internet,enjoy music,take photos and watch videos,moreover,with the development of modern high technology,the cellphone's functions are becoming more and more complete.For example,we can use cellphones to download e-books,and then we don't have to go to the bookstore to buy or read the books in paper,besides with cellphones,we can take the books wherever we go in our pochets.Suppose that you are tired somewhere outside the door,you can use your cellphone to listen to music to relax youself.
However,the cellphone has many disadvantages.For one thing,the machine itself is expensive and its local service costs a lot,not to mention its global service.For another,the electromagnetic radiation from the cellphone might do harm to the user's health,although the electromagnetic radiation can not be proven absolutely whether it's really harmful to human beings or not,but we can say with certainty,electromagnetic radiation is absolutely useless.Besides,cellphones are making noise pollution in public places as some people talk loudly on cellphones,also many school children use cellphones as games players which makes parents very worried.
In my part of view,with its expenses being reduced sharply after China's entry into the WTO,its development will have a brighter future.However,we should not use the cellphones in a wild way.Exactly,I mean we should not use the cellphones if this makes other people unpleasant and inconvenient.That is to say that we should pay attention to the time and the place to use it,we should know when is the good time to use it and where is the proper place to use it in order not to disturb our work and study.For instance,as the students,it's forbidden to use cellphones during the class,especially for the pupils,they have no need to use cellphones,because they get easily addicted to it,they can't easily get rid of it.So for theses pupils,it's better to give them the cellphone which only has the function to call.And after class,we should limit our time to use it,while we are doing homework,we should pose it somewhere else.And while we are eating or sleeping ,we should also pose it somewhere else.Only in these ways,can we make cellphones more useful and less harmful to us.
My winter holiday was busy but excting .
Befor long, I went shopping with my best friends.
we all around the street for buying clothing.
But we did'nt buy anything and so tired .
Of course, we had all kinds of delicious food that we were foodie.
Filnaly, we went back home.
However , the most unforgettable thing was exam of driving school .
I was nervous because I was afraid of driving car.
Unluckly, the day before an exam , I had fever and stomachache so unhappy .
I thought I can'nt past the exam.
MY Parents were very worried and took me a doctor.
Next, I ate supper and drank meacine , went bed to sleep.
The last day but one day, I was fine.
My father drove me exam.
My heart beating fast.
Luckily, I passed the exam and very excited My eyes could'nt help but shed tear.
In a word, my unforgettable thing during winter holiday was passing the exam.
For me, happiness indicates both material success and spiritual comfort.
To be more specific , material success means I can live on my own--there's enough money for me to take care of myself, and in addition, to be given to my parents with which they can buy whatever they want.Some people hold that success means you will make substantial sums of money but with being occupied by your work all the time.
In my opinion, it's not like that.
I will not devote myself so thoroughly into my work that will become a workaholic.
I will combine working and relaxing together to gain material payment without losing fun of my life.
Spiritual comfort also helps me get to the "paradise of happiness".
Happiness consists in the love from the family, the care from my lover and the loving social relationship between people.You will notice that some rich people ,although they have lots of money, they still score low on happiness index .
In contrast, for some people living in poverty, despite their lack of money, they can still be happy during most of their lifetime.
That's because the spiritual comfort functions.
When they feel disappointed in quest of material goods, people surrounding them will encourage them and accompany them till they regain energy to work even harder.
So from my point of view, with both material success and spiritual comfort, you can finally achieve happiness.
The Internet in person's life is more important than TV and newspaper.
You can use the computer to watch TV, and you can read some newspaper in the computer.
But you can't use the newspaper to watch TV or use the TV to read some newspaper.
I have left the senior high school.
I am very happy that I was admitted to the university.
College is a wonderful place.
At college, we can make more friends and study well.
We should join some interesting communities and take an action part in activities.
College is a good place to improve ourselves and broaden our horizon.
We should make good use of our time to do something meaningful.
At last, I hope I will have a meaningful college life.
I believe I can do my best and have an unforgettable college life.
As we all cognize,there are plenty of smokers in the world.Smoking is just like a habit of all the smokers.In china,people also smoke.Nevertheless,according to the professional investigation,most chinese people don't have a good health,especially chinese smokers.So,here comes the topic that'Should smoking be banned in China?
'Opinions are vary from person to person.However,most chinese people are opposed to smoking.They call for laws to ban smoking.
Whatever the smokers and other people have said before,I insist that smoking should be banned in china,as soon as possible.The following factors can strongly advocate my opinion.
First of all,smoking is unfavorable for people's health.It's common knowledge that the cigarettes carry nicotine,which is a kind of thing can contribute to cancer.What's more,if a smoker smokes too much a day,he or she will fall emotionally-depressed.Secondly,the gas from smoking can cause air pollution in the environment.Unfortunately,the gas not only can cause air pollution,but also can bring diseases to people,which is caused by the smoke from cigarettes.It's hard for us to envisage that we breathe the gas from smoking here and there.Last but not least,what's the most curial thing is that smoking is connected with the image of the smoker,the city and the country.Smoking can reveal the quality of the people,who stands for the city and the country.If we smoke when the foreigners are present,they will consider chinese people as rude men and we will leave a bad impression on them.
In conclusion,smoking can causes a lot of problems.It's necessary for us to make efforts to ban smoking in china.As a saying goes that dripping water wears across rock.
I hold a firm belief that we can reduce the number of the smokers in the future.Then we will have a harmonious environment to live.
Now,many people keeping pets at their home .But some people support to keeping pets at home.their think that people at home is lonely.Pets can stay with people so that people wouldnot so lonely.Pets is our friends,we can play with them,talk with them,they are always listen to us and stay with us.
The another of people are not support to keeping pets at home.they think that pets are so dirty,if keep pets at home,the pets will bite the things,and pets have lots of any things.That peoply maybe do not have so time to keep pets.
In may oppion,keep pets can stay with people to relax so that we will not so lonely.But if you want to keep pets,you need to think that you home if suit to keep pets.
My college life is very interesting and fulfiling .
year at the college .My major is chinese ,I like it so much .
pay more efforts to achieve my goal .
my vision ,sometimes, I will play badminton with my roommate dt the weekend.
In college ,let us have a wonderful life is also very important .
I think my college life is rich and fulfilling .
I will continue to work hard.
Don't waste time.
leave with no regrets.
As we know, we are now pacing into a modern time.
Western culture are getting into our life, which may make our life more colorful, but in the other way , it may cause great impact to our traditional culture.
With the development of communication and culture, many people start to accept the way that western think of, and like to observe western holidays.
Especially young people, who are more likely to live happily, and without so many rules.
Western holidays are just giving them the alternative to hang out with their friends, school mate.
But when it comes to our traditional festival, current customs to observe traditional Chinese festivals get more and more simplified and the old rituals are gradually gone.
For some people, festivals only mean the symbolic foods, such as wrapped glutinous rice for the Dragon Boat Festival or moon cake for the Mid-Autumn Festival.
The growing popularity of Western holidays in China is primarily attributed to the weakening cultural elements in China's traditional holidays.
So that's why it is the right time to preserve core values of our tradition and customs.
And it is clear that we shouldn't make our traditional culture just equal to food , drink , and so on.
I think teenagers are supposed to be educated that this festivals such as spring festival, Mid-Autumn festival remind us of our family, our relatives.
Also.
Great efforts should be made to introduce those tradition to children by government.
Our traditional buildings and art should be protected by the government.
Without these historic buildings ,cities will become fishes without water.
Historic buildings are the symbol of cities ,represent the culture of a country.
Foreign cultures' coming is not a problem, we can treat them as friends.
Through communication and understanding, we will control the balance in the end.
I've done it before....but i delete it later and can not be handed....
With the rapid development of modern technology, especially that of multimedia and Internet, teaching community has undergone tremendous changes.
We may always find that teachers carry out their teaching activities with the help of multimedia equipment, and because of these kinds of complementary equipment the conventional class becomes more vivid and interesting.
Thus some people predict that one day the occupation "teacher" will disappear anyhow.
It is undeniable that multimedia and internet may become more and more popular and will be employed more among the teaching activities.
First, teachers are much more helpful.
As we know, in the progress of their growth, children need care and guidance, which will never be given by machines, for machines are machines, cold and unemotional and will never be as caring and thoughtful as human beings.
Whereas teachers can easily detect whether there is something wrong with their students, and in this way they can help their students with their problems, whether those in school or out of school.
Second, Teachers undoubtedly plays a vital part in the nurturing of creative and imaginative students.
Just as an advertisement slogan goes that "what will the world become when human beings lack imagination", society needs people's incessant reform and innovation to push it forward or it will stagnate.
What the society really need are those graduates with creativity and capability to fulfill their future tasks.
And we could imagine that what the machines will produce will be a bunch of people with the same characteristics and pattern of behavior, just like those goods produced at the assembly line.
Last but not least, teachers perfect the teaching methods.
Just production techniques need to be innovated so as to improve the products, teaching methods also need to be improved to make teaching activities more effective.
Teachers are the closest people to students, thus they can find out which method suits their students best.
In contrast, machines are not able to do so, all they can do is to follow the program designed already.
With all the reasons given above, I only insist more on my opinion.
Teachers will never be replaced, even for a short period of time, and machines like multimedia will only as a part of teaching activity, not whole part of it.
The picture shows us that an old personin front of a big mirror saying that I am lonely,because my son and daughter are not at home,and,the lonely person's shadow is beside her.So we can know that she is so lonely.
From the picture,I know that,many young people go out to work to support their families.Howere,their old parents are left at home alone.They are so lonely that they are eager for someone who can accompany them,and they do want their kids to come home to take care them,although the kids can not give them money.
In my mind,I really like the aged people,they will not want we make contributions for them,they only want we can stay with them.As we all know,if we come home,they will be very happy and prepare everything for us.
So,I hope that young people go home often to look after their parents,do not always know money, because love is the most important than money.
Education is a process of teachers imparting knowledge to students.
Education's effect, to a large degree, depends on the communication between teachers and students.
Therefore, when asked about whether teachers should be aware of the generation gap between teachers and students, I cannot agree with it any more.
First of all, teachers play an essential role in students' life.
Different social background, knowledge accomplishment and life experience between two generations are the cause of the division between them.
If teachers and students cannot understand each other, both sides will feel miserable.
Although the generation gap is inevitable, we can narrow it.
This calls for teachers to pay more attention to students' physical and mental development.
Second, with the development of the students' judgement and independence in thoughts, they sometimes turn a deaf ear to their teachers' words, make critical comments, and even talk back to their teachers.
When meeting these situations, teachers should give them fully respect and trust, and meanwhile give them true guidance.
After all, they are children, they can't get rid of the childish behavior to some extent.
Last but not least, teachers have an important effect on their students.
They should square up to their age characteristic and mentally difference with their students.
They should attach importance to students' independent consciousness, create more opportunities, and allow them to grope and make mistakes.
What's more, they should also give students more attention and respect instead of indulgence.
As far as I am concerned, not only should the teachers give respects to students, but also students should respect and understand teachers.
Only in this way, both sides will have a harmonious and pleasant study life.
Recently we found some problem in education.Some schools only teach students how to study,but ignore the ability training.Some students become pedants.They will only learn.They can't take care of theirself,some even expose their moral problems.
I think moral character is important.Because I believe character can influence people's future.If a person don't have a good character,he won't have a good future he will go on a wrong way.
On the contrary way even if a person don't have good study grade,he can also have a good future because he have a good character.
A good character can give a person a good future.Thereefore I think school shouldn't only pay attention to the cultivation of students learning ability,but also should focus on foisting good character.
Pressure is a natural part of everyday life and there is no way to avoid it.
Along with a number of college students being under pressure, the situation in the school is getting tighter and tighter.
There are three kinds of pressure working on students today: economic pressure, parental pressure and peer pressure.
Although the economy of China is fast, there are still quite a lot of children who cannot afford to go to school because of poverty.
As for me, I come from rural village and have no enough money to pay for my tuition, so I have to ask for a loan from the bank.
Then in my spare time, I take part-time job to earn money.
Compared with the other students, I have much pressure on the economy.
In China, teenagers have more academic pressure than other countries' because of their strict parents.
There is fierce competition in the school which forces students to obtain and develop academic skills.
As parents place great expectations on their son, they are trying to steer their children to a secure future.
When confronted with options, the students often yield to their parents.
If you fail to pass the exam, your parents may force you to take all kinds of classes when out of school.
In addition, peer pressure is that we tend to get influenced by the lifestyles and the academic performance of our peers.
Almost everyone thinks others are studying harder and doing better.
The only thing they can do is to study overtime to catch up them.
They may lack the ability to handle the pressure from peers.
In general, recent students face more pressure than they used to and we should deal with the pressures from economic, parents and peers reasonably.
We youths should learn to relieve pressure in a proper manner so that we can better adapt to the competitive society.
In modern society, it is a common phenomenon that if you are a successful athlete or performer, people supposedly want to eat the same peanut butter that you do, drink the same beer, wear the same pants, etc.
So many companies would like to invite some famous people as their products spokesman.
When you were watching an interesting program.
A boring advertisement appeared on TV suddenly.
Advertising seeks to persuade.
And some misleading advertising might fool some people.
Giving consumers false information.
The biggest problem with advertisement is that they tell us that many can make our dreams come true.
But this is obviously not so, we can't buy personal good-looking intelligence and good friendship or a happy family.
They can also make people feel depressed and discontented with their ordinary lives, especially those people who have only a small amount of money to spend on luxuries.
In my opinion, not every advertisement is a good one, some advertisements are silly , some are pointless - though not very many.
Pick up the nearest magazine or newspaper and count the advertisements that really offend you.
And then count the advertisements that, in some degree , interest you, or give you pleasure.
And be honest.
So in generally, advertising draws attention to new ideas and so helps to raise standards of living.
Nowadays,more and more college students choose to work as village officials.To this,diffident people hold diffident opinions.From my perspective,I think that is a wise choice.
I belief there are many benefits can be get to the studnts and villages from it.For the students,the are able to improve their managent ability in this stage,and realize mang their own thoughts with are beneficial to the development of villages.For another,the inconvenient conditions can enhance their ability to adapt to various environment.
Above all,this experience will be the very important and memorable wealth in their life.For the villages,the graduates provide the viiages with advanced knowledge support,and accelerate the econonomy developmnt.In addition,the students promote the cultural progress.Moreover,the qualities of other officials are increased by the way.
So I think the goverment shoud encourage more and more graduates to serve the society and realize their value.
Students should or should not have phones to school become a very big problem for teachers and parents.
But different people have different idea.
Some students think bringing phones to school is good.
They think phones will help them more.
For example, they can use phones to study such as looking up the word, listening to the tape, looking for information or seeing the video.
Besides, we can also use it to call somebody.
But every coin has two sides.
Phones have advantages and disadvantages.
Some people think it is bad for students to bring phones to school.
Because they think phones will influence students'grades.
And phones will let students indulge in playing.
In my opinion, every person's introductions are good.
But mobile phone is a good thing but depends on how you use.
On the one hand, phones can help us to study.
On the other hand, phones will also influence our studying.
So, I think we should bring phones to school but we can not use phones to play.
With time goes by,a variety of networking sites surge into our yesight.
and they gradully being the hosttest one.
a great number of people are interested in chatting on the internet,especialy young people would like to spend their precious time on it,which worrys their parents a lot.
But different people hold different opinion.
On the one hand.
Social networking websites can reveal your personal infoumation,and then use by others.people began to care little about study and work.
On the other hand,Social networking websites can close the distance between the friends and family members, provide a stage to show themselves to share information and discussion piatform.reduce loneliness.
to help us to improve our communication skills.
but the government shouid strengthen the network management,so that we can live a heathy life.
It is reported that there are increasing people died from traffic accident in recent years.
The needless slaughter on streets and highways can be attributed to three causes .
You can see that mechanical failures , such as fauty brakes , bald tyres are often occured on the streets which result in fatal accidents .
Beside this , with the environmental conditions becoming worse , such as blind corners , narrow streets , heavy fog , intermittent rain or snow also contribute to the amount of death of traffic accidents .
Above all , the most key factors leading to more injured are the erros of human judgement ,ranging from excessive speed , drunk driving to momentary lapses which signals the increasing tragedies of more families .
Facing the serious situation , everyone should pay more attention to the personal factors which can be avoidable .
A boy Ken,who is a student but he is very chicken.He is so timid that he is horrible to go to school on his own.For example,on the first day of school he didn't want to school by himself,so he hug the tree didn't want to put it.Despite his mother was annoyed,she yelled,"go on the bus now!
"Finally,his mother could't help but taking him to school on her own.
Second,on the first day of college he not only hugged the tree but also hug the man.The man was unpleasant and was away soon.
Peaple tends to see pictures than words for recent years as the digital technique develops fast.
The phone and the internet no doubt played important roles in this change.
For the apps in the internet like Weixin and QQ and the phone is more and more multifuncture,using picture to express one's feeling and opinion is popular now.
From my point of view it is the most fast to be understand and also accurately way.
Fristly a lot of information can be shown in one picture,and it may cost you more time to discribe it and you may not able to express yourself clearly and compeletly.Secondly peaple can easily remember a picture but not the words.Just like we can remenber oce's face but not his name.
Thirdly do not forget the words comes from the picture.
When we are discribing our fellings we now tend to use emoji it is no doubt much clear and fun for you say out in word about your feelings.
Picture can do that, you can see the views as you really there you may have different feelings at the same time.
So I think picture can tell thousand words.
Firstly,There is an increase in population before we are in competition with others for an occupation.
We will put more pressure on the earth,with population rising.
We exploit many minerals and natural resources for our livings, using up natural resouces.
In case of using up the resources, our world will make a great diffierence.
Thirdly,cutting down some trees we need is useful for us.
However, cutting down immoderately the forests is to damage seriously the environment.
As we all know, a big amount of trees are destroyed every year in Amazon.
Fourthly, it was long before that we have a big problem to solve---the lack of water, but now this problem still disturbs us.
For example, some people dies from thirsty every year in Africa.
Finally,air pollution is closer to our life.
As we all know, the haze is the first fifficult problem in C hina.
I t is so serioushaze that we get some illness.
People around the world are facd with so many environmental problem, how to deal with them?Firstly, the rising population should be controlled by the government carring out the action.
Secondly, it's of great importance to conserve energy and resouces.
Thirdly, prtect the forests and find something replacd the wood.
Fourthly, we had better take public traffic,such as bus, subway.
We have no alternative but to protect the environment.
Nowadays, our society is developing so rapidly that many people can not catch up with its pace, and people have to confront different stress both from work and life.
Moreover, people nowadays are often live with a tight schedule, and they are so concerned about their study,work or other trivial things that they often neglect their mental health.
Consequently, more and more people suffer from mental diseases.So within that context, I think it is high time we took actions to keep our psychologically healthy, and my suggestions are as follows.
First of all, taking exercises is not only a good way to keep physical health but also our mental health.It can make people forget troubles and produces a sense of happiness, especially when one is under great pressure.
So draw up a regular plan for exercises.
Secondly, talk to your friends and family members when you are unhappy, and enlist advice from they once you are troubled with pressure.
Communication always has an unimaginable power to make you feel relaxed.
Do not leave yourself along , it will make you feel worse.
Last but not least, developing hobbies .like collecting, reading.can be an useful way to keep mental health, since do something you are interested in can make you less stress.
To sum up ,everyone should try ways suitable to themselves ,and do things to our best to keep psychologically healthy.
Generally speaking, the total amount of male smokers has declined a lot from 1960 to 2000, but on the contrary the total amount of female smokers in Someland has increased from that period.
However we can find some details by anatomizing the data.
In 1960 to 1965, the line of the female smokers is going up from 100people per 1000 to almost 200 people per 1000 till the line came to a stable period about 200 people per 1000 during the 1965 to 1970.
After then, the amount of women smokers in Someland arose to its peak, which is around 300 people per 1000, and the ratio had been maintained in 1975 to 1980.
After that steady period, the line of women smokers had been through a long and really mild decreasing period.
At last, the amount of female smokers dropped to 200people per 1000 in2000.
On the other hand, the line of male smokers in Someland had always been tardily dropped from 600 people per 1000 to almost 250 people per 1000 from 1960 to 2000.
The world I live is full of love.My parents give me anything I want.My teachers talk to me when I am in trouble.At that moment,I always feel happy and thankful.I think they give me a lot and I should study better to give them the best return.In order to show my love,I can do many things.For example,give money to the poor,or help classmates with their studies.I think the world will be more beautiful.
With the development of the society, people produce waste every day they live.
Some waste can be degraded while others cannot.
There will be some inconvenience for our lives, so waste sorting is a must.
There are some importance about waste sorting to share.
In the first place, some living waste is not easy to degrade, and the waste occupy the soils even erode soils, reduce the output of grain.
Second, some toxic substance in the waste is harmful to human beings, it will make human beings unhealthy even death.
Third, the waste plastics people threw here and there is eaten by animals, animals will die because the waste plastics make them ill or let them not eat anything .
Fourth, the cleaners will be busy sorting these waste that people did not sort.
If a great variety of waste can be sorted well, there will be a great convenience to the cleaners and protect our environment from pollution, and people will be healthy if there is no waste.We just not support it but do it everyone in order to earth,environment,animals and ourselves.
Nowadays, there are a heated discussion that whether examination could benefit student who study day and night, or merely wasted teenager's lifetime.
People who believe in its necessary to text to select student have those opinions.
To begin with, examination could choose students who is better-behaved.
more, people who experience difficult study assignment could bear more hard work By contrast.
Some people think that examination often give a negative influence to social.
They deliver that text grade not always the faith of one's ability, andbelieve that too many students may be mislead and neglect the omportance of practical ability.
For example a quantity of "High marks but poor competence ".
As a student, we should keep a fair balance between examination and practical ability.
Improve our own quality to face both school and social.
From this table we can see that the degree of lowest unemployment rate is the doctoral degree and the highest unemployment rate is less than the high school diploma.
At the same time It also tell as that the median weekly allowance also descend with the degree.
What I understand from the table is that knowledge being power and we must hard working to get more knowledge so that we can get more degrees.Good life should be depended by more knowledge.From this table I understand that what we can do to enhance our life quality is hard to work for more degrees!
The movie Love Comes Softly was released in 2003, which told a simple but warm love story occured in poor and hard wild west.
Marty lost her husband the next day she arrived in the wild west where they used to expect to have a beautiful future.
She married a single father called Clerk to pull through the cold winter and get the money back to the city in the next spring.
At the same time, Clerk need to give his wild little girl indoctrination and love from mother's femininity.
So, you see this is also a story about how strangers become families though hostility and helplessness are ererywhere at first.
However, they got though the snowstorm together and known for each other.
Marty and Clerk fell in love with each other naturally.
When spring comes, love is coming.
I love the story which tells me that we can be happy though life is hard and full of accidents.
Meet people at the right time and keep going together for the rest of the life.
Besides, the landscape of the wild west is bold and unconstrained.
Just make you feel that the air is cold but comfortbale.
Confucius once said:"Learning without thought is useless; fine without learning is perilous.
"If we only focus on the books of knowledge and not to think, everything is in vain: if we just don't think to learn the knowledge of books, all is in vain.This sentence is very good reflect the relationship between reading and thinking.We will also think of reading and practice.
If we focus on studying not to practice, how intuitive feel the knowledge for the change of life.
So I think reading should be combined with practice, they are complementary to each other.
Recently cellphones make an important role in our daily life,what amazes us most is the discuss of use phone in the classroom.It is true that it has advantages and disadvantages.
For one thing it is convient to contact with family members.We can get some imformation fastly.Also we can relax when we are tired.
For another is it may influence the class while the phone ring in the class.We can't stop playing phone when we are addicted to the cellphone's game.
In conclusion we are not really need the phone in the school.So try not take the phone to the school next time.If you really need it,you can ask teacher for help.
"Have you ever remembered that how college has affected your life "some people are often likely to ask you such a question.
Then I answer "yes, I do remember, in the college, I have learned a lot of know ledges and abilities which all affected my life".
At the beginning of my college, my physical education teacher told us we needed to participate in two PE classes per week and extracurricular sports, because we had to attend 12 minutes to run in the first four semesters that other college didn't need to do .I felt that this was very unfair.
However, in order to achieve a high score (GPA), I had to practice more and run every day for one hour at least.
As time went on, gradually I came to a realization that PE classes and extracurricular sports had already helped my body strong.
I am no longer what I was who often got sick .Now, I am grateful to the hard and fast rule of my college.
Another thing in the college also affected me very much.-acquiring professional knowledge from here.
College was not same as junior or senior high school, we had a plenty of spare time.
I deseeded to make some money for my daily spending.
I am English major student, because of that the first choice of mine was to teach pupils English knowledge.
During the English teaching, I not only gain working experience, but also I made certain money.
That was wonderful.
Beyond the above all, I have another example.
In the first two years, I joined in one club in college.
I learned how to make friends with strangers and how to communicate and get along well with others have remembered that in the senior high school, I was a shy girl, seldom talked with classmates and just concentrate on study and grade, but now I have changed completely.
After all, we are not the only person who lives in this world, so we must have an awareness of "society"-except for study, we have more important things to deal with.
That is the harmonious relationship with others.
In these two years of college, it has affected my body, my behaviors, and my mind.
We are glad to inform you that shipment of the goods under S/C No.J-29 has been made on board S.S pearl.
The shipment will be transport at Hong Kong by "MAY FLOWER".
And this will transaction about c&f .
we have sent to you on March 15, in 2013 by fax,to insure your prompt.
With the development of science and technology,the Internet has pervaded nearly every aspect of life and work.
Making friends online becomes more popular, and many people prefer to make friends online.
There are some reasons to explain.
First, everyone, from most famous and popular to the most unknown and insignificant, can post thoughts online for the entire world to see.
They are completely equal to each other.
Second, in the unreal world, we can share our ideas with our friends online, and they can surely keep the secrets because they really do not know who we are.
Third, through it, we can make friends with people who have different cultural backgrounds and personal opinions, which will surely widen our eyes and makes us become more knowledgeable.
Connecting with people especially from English-speaking countries online can also improve our English .
However, every coin has two sides.
Making friends online also has its disadvantages.
There are still many people who want to cheat their friends online.
Because it is a virtual world, they blow a horse to get their friends' trust, and try to get money and even their feeling from them.
We can see many examples like this from newspapers, TV programs and so on.
So it is the bad aspect of making friends online.
In my opinion, worse or not, we should use Internet in the right way.
It may be happy to have some good friends online.
While enjoying making friends online, we should be on guard against danger.
Born in France, Mr. Moon,an American who has Chinese nationality,is an active and humorous man of 40.
Compared with other teachers, he always focuses more on his teaching methods but not the comments,so he can figure out various ways to make his class active.As a teacher,what he does a good job on is that he encouraged students to think about projects themselves, which enhanced students' abilities of self-teaching.What's more,helping students to learn how to analyse and solve problems offer students huge motivation to discover and to create.
Most importantly,it is his wide range of knowledge that wins students' admiration.
progress; books are the sourse of happiness, brings me meet, with books we will have a better tomorrow.
of life; Reading is one of the indispensable in people's lives of courses.
a real cultural connotation.
World.
Now University Ranking is very popular in China.Many people are high on it,especially senior students and their parents.Threre are some views about University Ranking.
Some people are for it.They think the ranking includes the imformation of an university in the most part.And these imformation are quite helpful for the students who will take the university entrance exam to choose the right one.What's more,students can make one famous university as their goal by knowing the ranking.
However,there are some people against it.They hold the view that all the universities are equall.Every university may have its own advantages in different fields.So sometimes it seems that the ranking is not accurate.
In my opinion,the University Ranking is full of importance.We can use it for reference,but we should not only rely on it.Still,the ranking can urge all the universities to try their best to improve their comprehensive power to some extent.
My school life is very coloful,I have many lovely classmates and teachers.My friend is always study with me.We study and play together.We happy every day.After class my classmates always ask questions each other.And I want to ask question to my classmates and teachers,they are very helpful.I most like my Chinese teacher,she is funny and kindful.She always simle,which makes me very comfortable.
After class,I usually have pe Activity.I like PE very much.In P.E.activity,we can play so balls together.That's my school life,my happy and wonderful school life.
Hello everyone.Today I am glad to share my English study plan.
When our stay at home,we may feel we have plenty free time.But we don't know how to deal with the free time.Now let's burst into laugh.Because we may make use of time in studying English.
Firstly, we should speak the English word as loudly as possiblely.Practicing can make perfect,after some time we can learn it by heart.
Secondly, we may read some books about English.
In those stoies,we will feel it intersting and it can help us to learn English.
Then we can listen some English stories use us phone.If we want to study more,we can make a friend who study English very well.
In a word, we may have lots of time to study English.I hope I can follow this way.In this long vacation,it's a good chance to improve my English.I hope I can grap this chance.
It is known to us that bribery cause corruption.
The officials or the ordinary people who have no sense of honesty may unconsciously take the bribe or bribe others and they ignore laws and regulations, and stoop to graft, which generates the wind of social corruption.
Corruption is like sewage; however the honesty is like the sunshine which lights the society.
Now in China, a vast country with a large population carries out the anti-corruption and advocates credibility under the guidance of Xi Jinping Chairman in recent years.
While as a college student, I have my own opinions towards this measure.
I think the honesty is Chinese traditional virtues, as the saying goes that carts can't go without wheel and man can't do anything without a good credit.
Nowadays the party and state fight corruption severely which is an indispensable action the current system of China's national conditions and economic structure.
On the one hand, the government punishes the person of graft will effectively clean up the country's morality; in the other hand, the government also witnesses the enormous consequences of corruption and honesty's honorable position.
For the country, it is a great significance to go against the corruption and to support the honesty.
So Chinese government needs to enforce the law strictly, insist it consistently, and eventually be sure to use law to protect our homeland.
While for the citizens, we should deeply realize our responsibility and obligation, preserve our moral integrity, start with ourselves.
Everybody consciously obeys laws and regulations as well as overseeing each other.
Be proud of the good faith, ashamed of corruption.
We closely connect with corruption and honesty, so please try hard to sweep before your own door.
My parent is ordinary people,but in my opinion,they are very great.
My family has four people,my father,my mother,my brother and I.My parent in order to bring up my brother and I,their pressure is heavy.But they never told us about this.They offer us with comfortable life.Every time Iasked about them health,they will told me if study well,that is the best requite for us.If I have need,they will be contant about it to best of them ability.
Recently,I foung they are growing old,so I will do my best in the future,return for what they has give me.I love them.
Nowadays, more and more people can't live without computer.
It's so commen a phenomenon.
As we can see in the picture, Andy stays in his own room, except his computer wrong.
That might mean that he can't order his food online.
Students have been preoccupied with their vitual world, they will shift their focus to believe in network information, such as internetwork communication, online shopping and so on.
Such as the boy, far away from the real world.
The sense of happiness is of great significance .As a vital thing, it bring us power,gain our enthusiasm for our exciting life.However,in contemporary China,everyone has different opinions about how to enhance our sense of happiness and devoted to getting it.
Some people think that the sense of happiness mainly is money,fame,reputation and so on.And other people think that in addition to material basis and the sense of happiness also refers to several others aspect.
Firstly,the happiness includes success in careers,friendship and love.Secondly,the healthy is the key to their happiness.
As a freshman, I'm firmly believe that much money can't buy our happiness.
To enhance our sense of happiness,we should enrich our knowledge to improve our quality.
In kindergarten, my little brother was playing with his friends.
They were running, laughing and enjoying.
Suddendly, one of the children fell over himself and started to cry immediately.
Nowadays,parents are all think that their children, especially boys should be a stronger one.
It's a practice.
When we are sad, we always want to cry, but others may regard it as weak performance.
In my opinion, crying is a nature reaction and necessary for everyone.
But when something sad happened, we shouldn't cry first.
If you are boy, you should reduce the frequency of crying and try to be a "big boy" to protect your family.
Then,as a girl, we should also be iron and protect ourselves at least.
I will make a short report the two soft drinks.
First of all, the Solo.
It has a capacity for 300ml and the price of 1.05; it's only 10g sugar content.
Targt market is in all people who are keen on sport, the major export are select supermarkets health-food shops.
In the 2nd quarter sales are better than 1st quarter sales, are 2,215 and 1,375 respectively.
, It has a capacity of 330ml and the price of 85cents, the sugar is higher than the first, there are 34g.
Targt market is teenagers, the major export are all supermarket, however, the 1st quarter is 1,950,2nd quarter is 1,600, growth is not obvious.
I was born in a small but warm family.
My father is a merchant, who sells the most delicious fruits in the world.
My mom is a housewife, who always wakes up at five thirty and prepares for our breakfast.
As for my brother, he is still a student, but I consider that he will become an outstanding environmental protection scholar in the future.
To me, my brother is my hero, because he can help me solve out all the difficulties I have as well as I can learn a lot from him.
I'm curious about everything around my daily life; thus.
I'll always ask some strange questions.
In addition, I'm fond in movies and gourmet too.
Comedies are my best, but I hate scary and sic-fi movies.
Not until I have seen INCEPTION, did I realize how fantastic sic-fi movies are.
Moreover , I'm interested in music too ; however , I think I'm a little different from others , because I don't have any favorite singer .
As long as the songs are good, I'll listen to them.
accomplish any of them, but I believe when there's a will, there's a way; hence, I will do my best.
Hobbies and schoolwork are never easy to balance.Sometimes,my hobbies get in the way of my schoolwork.They are so fascinating that it is still a terrible headache for me to stay away from them.
As an 8th grader,my attitude was that music must be played while I'm doing homework.And I preferred to use the computer to play them.Another hobby of mine was to read the latest news.Afterwards,a battle was taken place and the latter won.I had lost control over my behavior.Time seems to go faster whenever you waste it.Thirty minutes passed.All my attention was still caught on the screen.One hour later,a boy of repent left the computer quietly.The news was exciting.Nevertheless,as a result,my homework was unfinished.How could I do that?This experience taught me a lesson:never enjoy your habits while doing schoolwork.
In my eyes,the only way to balance those two forces are to be brave.You must be strong enough to control your actions perfectly.Only then,not only will we avoid wasting time,but also we can use our time better.Thus,begin now!
As an old saying goes, "defeat is the mother of success".
Everyone may take mistake even though you are a great man in our life.
Some people can learn many things form mistakes.
such as , if they are defeated in a test, they do not worry about it any more, they will get experments form the mistakes to ready for the next test, and they can make it .
Mistake itself is not bad for you, the worse is that you learn nothing form mistakes, even more, you cannot believe youself when you face with things which you canot deal with them.
Annother people may ignore the mistakes in them life, however, they get defeated time to time.
As far as i am comfired, learning is a great thing along our life, form children to old man , learning make people more great, it is better for us to learn thing form mistakes.
In our daily lives.Many goods are on excessive packaging.As we all know,Excessive packaging is not good for the environment and lives.When we are talking about it,It's a real serious problem.
packaging goods.
As far as I am concerned,excessive packaging not only creates waste of resources,But also causes unnecessary environment.We should also establish the atmosphere of simple packaging,advocate appropriate packaging and building a conservation mid society.That's all,thank you!
The Forth of July mainly talked about a black feminist's agonizing experience that she suffered a series of unfair treatment s and discriminations in a journey to WashingtonD.
C. when she just graduated from school,which deeply touched her from the bottom of heart.
What impressed me most in the passage was that the author didn't give up pursuing justice and fairness rather than kept silent like her parents.
She wrote letters to president to convey her fury, what is to say, she appealed to the whole United States that the black people should be treated equally as the white people in status.
And just as the Declaration of Independence says, all men are created equal and they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, which among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Thus, similarly as human beings, all of us made contributions to the society, and the white couldn't discriminate the black without any reasons at any time.
The racial discrimination should be killed in incubus.
After reading this passage, I deeply feel at risk, for most of us are Asians and we're "the colored".
Frankly speaking, the answer is"Yes".
It's a pity that some Americans despise the colored in contemporary society.
I think not only should we advocate justice and fairness all the time, but also we should try our best to improve ourselves in all aspects and enhance our comprehensive strength to conquer them.
Some days ago,the tax threshold has changed through the new-published law of the personal tax.The threshold has been lifted from 2000 to 3500,and it means the people whose incomes below 2000 per month do not pay personal taxes and people whose incomes is not very high can pay less taxes than before they did.
Considering the income diversity,the government has published this new law of personal taxes and try to coordinate the income distribution as much as they can,and this is one of the many methods to make the disposable income be more.Salary is becoming higher and higher,and the commodity price is rising,too.Expanding domestic demand is good for the economic development and for the development of all the country.The tax, which is meant to balance incomes at different levels, has drawn nationwide criticism in recent years, particularly in better developed regions.
Lawmakers have repeatedly called for that the threshold should be lifted.The rise of the salary is one of the symbol of the lift of the level of the living standard of people.Rising the Personal Tax Thresholds is a proof of the development of China.But if it happens too often,there must be some problems.In face of too many problems that developing country have,we should have our own views.This rise is a necessary and to fair society.
In a word,this is a phenomenon that developing country must be encountered.Things that happened must have their necessity,and this rise has its necessity in history.
As we all know,scientific discoveries bring us a lot of benefits such as the mobile phone,the computer,the Internet and so on.Also they give something to people which we do not want.
For example,the mobile phone brings us conveniences as well as troubles.It makes our life become more wonderful and convenient,wherever we can contact others.However,we choose to communicate with friends with the phone instead of the face-to-face.The feelings we keep with others change,and we never find the distinctive emotion.So as other respects,when we actively develop something beneficial to mankind,we also undermines the integrity of nature at the same time.It is bound to pay for that.
As a university student,with people continuing to move forward, the development of science is inevitable, but the development must be appropriate and comply with the law of nature,more importantly, the discoveries must be built on the basis of human health and safety.
When I was a child,I dreamt to be a doctor.
But now, I have changed my dream.
As a university student, I will study hard in the first place, in order to learn much more knowledges and achieve a diploma.
Moreover, I will take part in some activities , which can promote my ability in everywhere.
After I graduate, I hope I can have a good job near my hometown, because my mothers' health is not very well.
I want to try my best to care about her.
I hope her will be happy.
Suport1:From The Self factors I was anxiety in all the class.
A.My Writing level is elementary becouse at the frist I don't like learn English writing.
B.Now I want to take great pains to learn writing,but I don't know how.
C.So I can't understan this class mostly.It was made me in confusion.
Suprot2:On the way classmate knocked over my coffee was wet out whole textbook.
A.I lost my one and only textbook for first class.
B.My classmate offered no expression of regret at her wrong.
C.It was no textbook extra copy for me.
Suport3:When classroom task begain.I unable to bear to letl myself.
My favourite animal is a cow.
It is white black and big.
It has four legs two small ears and a short tail.
It live on the from.
It can run.
It eats grass.
How time flies,I am a sophomore already.The college life is not fresh for me like last year,but I still adjust it extremely careful and get ready for some new challenges.As for my experience of last year's college life,I will give three tips for adapting to college life as quickly as feasible.
First,as a freshman,you are supposed to get along well with everyone around you as soon as possible.When you feel embarrassed at the first meeting,you can smile at them,because a smile is the key to make people become more familiar and close.Have a couple of good friends in college is very essential,they will help you to adjust to college life more fast.
Second,you should be more outgoing,active and positive.You have more freedom in college than in high school,so it means you get more power to arrange your own time.You can choose some activities to join in,such as sports meeting,a dance party and so on.These activities not only help you to improve your ability,but also let you realize more people and the college.
Third,you may make a plan for yourself at the beginning of the semester.If you can't adjust to college life at first,it is normal.You may feel difficult and helpless sometimes,but it is no use feeling depressed,you must learn to look forward to when confronting with difficulties.Well,maybe some temptations will resist you in college,you need a plan to guide,and avoid you going astray.
The college life is plentiful,how to adjust to college life as quickly as possible is on your own.Then,you can create your college life,make it more meaningful.
Comment:First,This article is well organized and it has fewer mistakes.Second,The structure is easy for readers to understand.Last,some advice is really useful to a freshman.So i think it can gain a high score.
My name is X.Sophie is my English name.I am a fresher who is from Y,and now I major in Business English.There are 4 persons in my family.
In my spare time,I like to listen to the light,music,see the comedy and go to the supermarket with my friends.My favorite food is Beijing Roast Duck.
In addition,my dream is to be a doctor.
Sometimes,I go to KFC with my friends.My friends are very outgoing but me,so I want to change myself during the period of university.Joining in the society is my way to get my guts.I would try my best to decorate my life and I believe that My college life will have a bright future.
As far as I am concerned,Intake Expansion in Chinese Universities is unjustified.The reasons I have given to my point are as follows.
Firstly,intake expansion means that it will weaken the quality.
On the one hand,we have no enough good teachers to teach such a big amount of students in the whole country,which means the teaching quality may go backward, on the other hand, to some degree,the great amount of the students studying in the university will weaken the quality of education, which means that more graduated stuents may be out of work when they leave school.Further more,the unemployment rate in Chinese has been increased in the recent years.
Secondly,it is hard for the students to hear the teacher clearly in the class,also,it is impossible for teacher to take care everyone in the class.
Last but not least,just like fast food,it is convenient but unhealthy,so is the Intake Expansion in Chinese University.Whether it is fit for China still remains a question.
There are four persons on my dormitory.We love each other.But sometimes we are difficult with each other.For instance when the time is 12: 00 o'clock midnight, I want to go to bed very much.But they still play computer as usual, l very arguer to this.
As far as l am concerned a harmonious dormitory life is important.lf we have a harmonious dormitory life, we are all very happy every day.A harmonious dormitory life not only be beneficial to our life but also be beneficial to our study.
With booming development and application of the Internet,online shopping has made people's life more and more fashionable and convenient.
While everything has two sides,people must be cautious of if some shopping platform is standard or not.
Otherwise you will suffer losses and even be threatened in terms of personal safety.
To begin with,shopping is no longer a tiring thing.
Just click your mouse to choose the articles you like, and the purchase is done.
You don't even have to step out of the room.
It seems all easy and quick,meanwhile,shops on the line are open for 24 hours a day so we can buy something we want at any time if you like.
What's more, we needn't wait in a queue.
Secondly,given that online selling saves costs for renting shopping areas,employing staff,administrating,etc.,goods are cheaper online than in physical stores.
Finally,online shopping can break the region limitation because the Internet is without borders,for example,JUMEI has successfully achieved people's desire to buy overseas cosmetics since from its foundation.
Nevertheless When we enjoy the convenience it brings to us,we can't not neglect the risk beneath it.
Firstly,some shops on the Internet are not registered.
They will never deliver anything to you after they get the money from you.
Once cheated, you will find that you have nowhere to go to complain.
There is always a trap online.
In addition,we can't see the things while we are shopping,so we are not sure whether they are good or not.
If you are careless, it will bring you some trouble.
It's possible for you to find the real goods are not the same as what you have seen on the computer, or the size is either too small or too big.
Also if you want to be different, you'd better not buy clothes online.
Once you put on the clothes you buy online and go out, you will find many people wear the same clothes in the street.
Last but also very important,we can't enjoy the happiness during shopping with our friends.
As a conclusion, shopping on the Internet has made our life easier and more efficient, but it is still not that perfect.
We should be more careful when shopping on the internet.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.I think private cars have the advantages and disadvantages.
First of all, private cars save time and physical strength for people.It is very important for the fast paced society.
In addition,private cars give people private space in public places so that people can focus on work or study.However, people getting much too comfortable cause unhealthy bodies and laziness.What's worse, so horrible is the inevitable traffic accident.
In my opinion, now that the private cars are an indispensable part of people's lives in modern city,We should take advantages of private cars and make them serve us better.
Meantime we hope that satisfactory solutions to these negative problems will be found soon.
As an old saying says,"The early bird catches the worm",which reminds us that if we are eager to be an outstanding and triumphant person,we must plan ahead of time and make our efforts to overcome all possible difficulties.In today's study,diligence plays an essential role in obtaining success.In one word,diligence is the key to success.
In history, there have been many celebrities of great achievements.
You may claim that they are geniuses.
Nevertheless behind their successes, they have made great efforts in carrying out their tasks.
Thomas Edison had experienced countless difficulties before he invented the electric bulb finally.It was his constant efforts that made him become a great man.Einstein once said"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent of perspiration",which talked about the importance of the diligence.Many athletes like Liu Xiang and Kobe Bryant have been the greatest sportsman all over the world.Behind their success,continuous training is inevitable.
It is perceived that if you intend to succeed,you must word hard and persist in your work and study.
the present situation becomes increasingly worse.To have a brilliant tomorrow,I should spare no effort to study hard.As the proverb says,"No pains, No gains",any affair all depend from have already come out, the life does not experience the rains and winds, howling to see rainbow!So as long as I study diligently,my future will become more and more colourful!
I am surprised that it was recently reported in a newspaper that six students who shared a dorm at a local university hired a cleaner to do laundry and cleaning once a week and each of them paid her 60 yuan a month.college students should be independent.They are over 18 years old.
I am ashamed about that,as college students,we must know how to take care of ourselves.There is a saying"Your things,do them by yourself.
"We all over 18 years old.We can't be lazy and we should be independent.Individual independence is important for us.As soon as we can take care of ourselves,we will grow up quickly.Even though we live alone,we also can do things well.
As students in college,individual independence is necessary.Even though we don't know how to do,we should learn to do.
In recent years, movable phones are becoming more and more popular in the modern society.
On the one hand, someone agrees that take their movable phones to school.
Because they think movable phone is very useful, they can use it to call their parents to tell them their condition and resources by the phone, sometimes you can use it to listen to music when you tired.
On the other hand, every coin has two sides.
Sported movable telephones.
the teachers it makes students become lazy, they may not do well in their studies.
In my opinion, we shouldn't take movable phone to school, because take phone to school make us play more and more, and we should use it in a right way.
The evolution of the internet offers a person a platform to chat with others.
Wherever you are or what you intend to say, the internet can support you all the time.
So people take a lot of time to the internet.
For this phenomenon, many people hold various opinions.
Some people suppose that the development of the internet is profitable for people.
For one thing, people could chat with any people wherever they come from.
So they can make acquaintance with many people.
For the other thing, they could rescue a lot of time and money.
They do not need to worry about the cost of telephone.
Nonetheless some people frown on this.
They suppose it is dreadful for our lives.
On the one hand, people spend excessive time chatting with people on the internet, so they seldom chat with people in real life.
If people do this all the time, they may lose the ability to express themselves.
It becomes difficult for them to chat with people in real life.
On the other hand, chatting with the people you are not familiar is in risk.
It is possible for you to be cheated.
Nowadays, it is a common phenomenon for people who were tricked on the internet, some girls even lost their lives.
So, they think the internet is dreadful for our lives.
In my opinion, everything has two faces.
If we could balance the two aspects, everything could assist for us.
For the internet, we should have the ability to distinguish accurate or false, real or illusory.
Though it is very remarkably for us to chat with others, we should spend more time on people who are around us, because they are real and they can aid us when we have hardship.
Charles Dickens was born at Portsea.His family was confined for debt when he was eleven.It is hard to imagine the life that he lived in those day.When he was fifteen,he began work in a lawyer's office in London.After he became a freelance reporter,at the same time,his first publication began to appear in magazines.Over 1836 and 1837,his novels published all were enormous successes.In addition to writing novels he continued to be active in journalism.In 1836,he became the father of ten children from his marriage to Catherine Hogarth.In 1866,his health was beginning to fail,but he never slow down.
In 1870,he suffered a stroke and died.So popular had he became that in at least one foreign country in Italy.
Violence exists as aspects of life.Wherever there is urban life,there will be violence.There are several suggestions to solve the problem of violence.The appearance of communes is an attempt to create circumstances where people feel more in control of their destines,but they have had no effect on the violence in cities so far.Besides,all that can be done by the government is to nudge people gently in the right direction by taking every opportunity to foster a sense of community.It is worth commenting that a community problem is something that has to be solved by a government,rather than by the community themselves.As was suggested by the comparison of London and Athens,if the circumstance are changed,the mental attitude of violence will only gradually disappear.
HeIlO everyone my name iS J.I from in X.I am fourteen cIass a student.I like dancing,performing,managing,and singing!The hobbies are much more.I have written a good character.From the first grade,I has been being uarious branches group Ieader.That my performance can make you to satisfy!Hoped that my name can keep in your heart!
Recently, Guang Chang Wu becomes extremly popular in the circle of the mid-aged Chinese ladies.
A news reported that the mid-aged Chinese ladies occupied a famous square in French to dance the Guang Chang Wu, which revealed a hot debate on whether the Guang Chang Wu phenomen is good or not.
Some people blame such a behavior on the ground that those people deeply disturb other people's regular life when dancing with the loud music, while others regard Guang Chang Wu as a healthy exercise for it is good for people's health and make them to be more social.
As far as I am concerned, I think the public should not take the Guang Chang Wu phenomenon seriously for it owns many merits.
Guang Chang Wu is a fashioned kind of dance.
It breaks the traditional rule that dance is only belong to the minority people and the other people only can stand in one side, watching the dancers and listening the music.
There are no limitations about the numbers of people.
And, the more people participating in, the more beautiful sence of Guang Chang Wu.
It provides the strong rtythm and reqiures simple dance that most people can catch up with.
Concerning the chacriteristics of the Guang Chang Wu, there is no denying that it is suitable for the retired people.
From the other aspects, there are also many other advantages of tht Guang Chang Wu waiting us to dig out.
Initialy, the Guang Chang Wu makes the retired people's lives wonderful.
As a new-born exercise, Guang Chang Wu makes the Chinese become its crazy fans in a short time.
However, I think the real reason that motivates a number of Chinese ladies participate in such a news kind of exercise is not because it is new but for Guang Chang Wu creates a plaform for those people to communicate.
As we all know, most Chinese ladies who keen on the Guang Chang WU are at the age around 50 to 60.
This group of people mostly have retired and their children are grow up, so they want to do something to kill time.
It is Guang Chang Wu that helps them to solve their problem, which is why it gains such a big population in Chia.
Furthermore, Guang Chang Wu riches people's life.
It makes people's lives not dull any more.
The retired people do not stay at home, sitting on the coach and turnning the turnels.
And they do not live around their children, thinking when their children will return home to visit them.
They can try to dance different dance and communicate about the details of the dance together, which make them know well on how to enjoy their lives.
So, instead of thinking that they lose the productivity abd they have been abondoned by the society days and nights, the retired people live more positively and keep following the trends.
Additionally, dancing the Guang Chang Wu is good for physical and mental health.
According to a professional teacher in the field of Guang Chang Wu, the designations of the dance scientifically and strictly obeys the physical condition of human beings.
Especially for the elders whose immunity system function is being weak, dancing the Guang Chang Wu can help them to being stronger and keep the diseases away from them.
Secondary to the eldery people, taking part in such a collective activity can help them to be social, leading them to live positively and happily.
Given that Guang Chang Wu is a collective exercise, people can estabilsh friendship with others, communiacting each other's family life and exchanging ideas or opinion on the daily duties.
In this way, they will not feel so lonely after retired.
And, a research point out that if one can live happily, his life-span possibly can be extended.
So, from my own respective, I strongly support people to dance the Guang Chang Wu.
However, some people may not agree with me for it will disturb others when a number of people dance together with the loud music.
As for me, I think it shouldn't be the reason to disapprove Guang Chang Wu.
On the one hand, it is human-being's right to do the harmless activity.
Ofcourse no, neither do the Guang Chang Wu.
On the other hand, the healthy activity should be encouraged.
Today, the socity appeals people to exercise.
What's more, I think the one who actually should be blamed is not the dance but the goverment.
The goverment should provide more public place for people to do exercise and employ worker to take charge of those big group of people, so that the problem of the noise can be solved.
The public shouldn't take the Guang Chang Wu mania in China seriously.
What I really want to say is that we shouldn't treat the Guang Chang Wu and its dancers as monsters with the astonishment of its amazing population.
Instead of blaming, we should have a deeper thinking about how to spring it propabaly.
As to confidence, it is never an unfamiliar word for its productive and effective use.
Firstly, confidence is the feeling that we can trust, believe in and be sure about the abilities or good qualities of someone or something.
It is a necessary part of friendship which can narrow the gap between two hearts.
Furthermore, it also plays an important role in personal relationships.
Secondly, confidence is a belief in our own ability to do things and be successful.
Everyone has the reputation of being confident is charming, attractive and energetic who tends to find and focus on the good part of life and beauty of world.
Confidence having full credit deserves our attention and respect.
Thirdly, confidence is a sense that we are certain about something.
Obviously, there always being principle, role, common sense we know for sure.
And confidence will give a powerful explanation.
We trust something, so we believe it without doubting.
That is confidence.
And it shows our altitudes toward it in return.
As a conclusion, confidence is not only a belief both in others and ourselves but also a spirit to speak our own mind out.
With the development and progress of the society, personal information leakage events emerge in an endless stream.
When personal information leakage, would receive some strange messages and cause heavy economic losses.
I think that keep careful is the best way.
If we keep our vigilance all the time, we will find the less the fake leave us away.
Almost everyone likes shopping on the internet, this is not a bad thing, but the real problem is the express delivery.
Many people throw the delivery freely after unpack everything and without any disposes.
Maybe they don't know how important the message from the delivery is, but the telephone number, the real name and the exact address are very important for personal information.
Secondly, if we do some researches on the internet or on paper with a cautious attitude, we do not leave our detailed information, and then we never disturb by those trash messages.
Nowadays everywhere needs our certainly information, so we must be very cautious to avoid the loss of our information.
Even we can't take concrete actions; we can keep a careful mind.
The author Nicholas Sparks was born on December 13,1965 in Nebraska.He is good at writing novels,like Message in a Bottle and A Walk to Remember,etc.Maybe you are more familiar with another writer J.K.Rowling,who writes Harry Potter.They were contemporary celebrities.Dear John was written in 1999 and then shot into a movie.
As a book about pure love,Dear John chooses a common story,asking us a question:what is true love?Everyone may have thought about this,but there is no exact answer.Nicholas Sparks shows one,that is to leave.
John grew up in a single parent family.When he was a student,he dropped out of school and joined the army,not knowing what else to do with his life until accidentally becoming acquainted with the pure,pleasant Savannah.Their mutual attraction quickly grew into the kind of love that left Savannah waiting for John to finish his tour of duty,and John wanting to settle down with the girl who captured his heart.John was about to retire on.When 9.11 Incident broke out,John felt it was his duty to stay in the military.And sadly,the long separation found Savannah physically and mentally exhausted because the cancer of her husband,John donated most his money and left there silently with his true love for her.The kind of love called great love of selfless love.He hopes his lover happy instead of possessing her.
Love is hard to get into,but harder to get out of.Dear John not only brings us to a world filled with romantic,but leads us to think over our understanding of love.When you fall in love with someone in your first sight,what will you do next?Sending her roses or accompanying her everywhere?After reading the novel,I figured it out,love between lovers is fragile,you should cherish it;Love is as pure as water,you should not make it dirty.As you see,the greatest love in the world is not to stay with her or him every minute,on reversing,is to wish her happy and healthy.
This year I have a special and unforgettable festival.
We put up ''fu'' on our door.
What's more, two big red lanterns can be raised on both sides of the front door.
And red paper-cuttings can be seen on window glass and brightly colored New year paintings.
On Spring festival's Eve, all the family people get together to have a big dinner in the restaurant.
Our family are one of these.
During the dinner we have a small talk and play some games.
We say some good hope to each other.
For example, keep good healthy, try our best to do everything what we want to do and so on.
On the first day of the New Year, we visited our relatives.
In the afternoon, we went shopping.
In my opinion, through the festival, our family member can improve our relationship.
I really like this year's Spring festival.
Hello ,my name is S.I am 16 years old.With the passage of time,I have already been a member of the Yizhong.I found everthing was new to me,such as environment,activities,teachers,classmates and so on.
The environment of the High School is very nice.There were many trees and grass.When I saw them,I always felt comfortableI though it will help us who studyed in zhe school.
Activities in my new school were various.I chose the computer graphic design,because I liked zhe computer very much and I played it before.The computer graphic design had a lots of fun.If you learn it,I am sure that you will fall in love with it.
I was impressed with my English teacher among all of my teachers.His pronunciation of spoken-English was nearly perfect.And his method of teaching was nothing like that of at my Junior High school.He said his class would be very interesting and I agreed with him.
I also knew many new classmates.Wu Haotian was one of my best friend.I sat behind him.We always had fun and I believed I would make more friends.
All in All,I am looking forward to begining a new term.
With the development of science and technology,Internet has had a closer relationship with us in our daily life.
As we all know, online shopping is not only becoming more and more popular among youth,but also it is becoming a kind of trend of fashion.
It is firmly believed that online shopping provides us with a lot of convenience.For example,you can buy whatever things from the internet without going to some shopping malls,which means that you can save your time and money,you can use your online bank to pay your bills,and online shopping will also make it easier to deliver whatever you have bought online to your home in time.Although the advantages of online shopping can be easily known by many consumers,it also has many problems.For example,when you opened the box to see your T-shirt that bought online,you found it was totally different from what you had seen from the pictures online in that you just looked pictures in the online store instead of touching it in a real store.The consumers can't see the goods or try them on personally.Thus,shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages.When you told your problem to the seller,you might receive a bad service which would make you disappointed about online shopping.
From my perspective,first online shopping should be sensible instead of buying cheaper things.
Secondly,you should know more details about what you want to buy.But before you bought it,you should think twice about their products.Then,when you received it,you should write evaluation about it from your heart to let others know the goods well.
Therefore,it can be easily make a conclusion that online shopping not only brings a lot of convenience,but also has many problems.
When you shop online,you should be careful and sensible.
B:It is an orange.
A:Spell it,please.
B:It is a quilt.
B:It is blue.
A:OK!Thanks.
With the development of the industry and economy.
More and more people own a car.
The persent of people who own a car is on the rise.
Owning a car can make us work more efficiently and also make our life become more convenient.
With a car there is no need to wait for the bus in the cold or under the burning sun.
However, every coin has two sides.
More cars mean more pollution.
As the number of cars increases, air quality becomes bad and even influences our health .
It also makes some other questions like traffic jams .
In conclusion, though cars can make our life convenient , for the environment and our health,we should not encourage person to take cars.
Instead,we should encourage person to take public transportation to make our environment better and better.
At present,telephones are becoming more and more popular in the middle school.
Whether students can take telephone to school, different people have different opinions about this question.
Some people think it's good for students, because it's not only convenient for them to contact to others,but also it can make us make friends easier.
However, on the other hand, using phone in the school also has some disadvantages.
The students who use phone to play games will pay less attention to their study.
And the radiation of phones is very bad for our eyes and memories.
In terms of my opinion, 1 think students should be allowed to use phone in the school, but before that, students must study how to use phone reasonably.
Like a coin has two sides, there is a positive aspect and negative aspect to the problem that whether it is good or not to treat pets as a family member.
Having close relationship with animals can develop good character of people,but at the same time it may lead to denature development of animals.
While in my point of view, I believe that treating the animals as a family member is good.
First of all, treating pets as a family member is good to the relationship between human and animals.
It is widely believed that animals are our friends.They accompany people and help them with house works.
And human do love pets when they look pets as a member of their family.
Besides, the other reason is that animals can receive more care.
Being close as a family member, the pets will not need to struggle for food or suffer for the illness with no care.They can go to vet when they get ill. And people who have a pet do have the obligation to take care of their pets.
Last but not least, The pet's owner will be beneficial to this relationship.Especially for the old people whose child is far away frome home, they can have a special family member.
As we all know, many American families will have a dog or a cat as their family member,so the Americans are beneficial to both the spiritual and physical ways.
Nowadays we can see that more and more people treat pets as family members.It is reasonable to expect that the relationship between pets and pet's owner will become better.
Kinds of loan services and credit cards swell in modern life.
Using tomorrow's money become a fashion.
But there has always been an argument about the consumption concept.
It seems to me that saving money is much better.
Firstly, getting everything organized can lead to a better life, especially plan of managing money.
Saving money is the safeguard against a rainy day.
If you live from paycheck to paycheck, you may worry about tomorrow.
Tomorrow is unknown after all.
Saving money for an emergency found, so that if anything happens, you have got the money.
Another hand, saving money is also a reflection of self-control.
It is a question that whether you can dominate your own spending appetite or not.
It is an obvious phenomenon in life that sometimes we spend money on things unnecessary.
We just pay for the feeling of payment.
In this way, saving money is really essential.
Furthermore, saving money from aimless shopping is another form of protecting the resource.
Currently, resource problem has become a worldwide problem.
Saving money is a little move of a person but it can be a great influence.
To sum up all the above mentioned reasons, it is important to save money.
We had better form this habit.
Here is a pic.
What is the dad to said this?I suppose the dad intend to tell his son He didn't have enough basic knowledge about nuclear weapons.It is not too best to worry about this problem and the worry is useless.
From the conversation,we should also realize that basic skills is very crucial.Without basic skills,there is no voice and also no way to implement.
Have the basic skills and ideas, then when embarking on your idea will get twice the result with half the effort.Have learning skills is discontinue crucial nowadays.To learn one or more skills will be the best way to per pare for face the future.
We know that more and more university students experienced the part-time job.
In 1990, there was no one to get part-time job.
Then just a few university students tried to get part-time job.
In 2000, about 24% students got part-time job.
Then ten years later, about 58% students got part-time job.
Why more university students want to get part-time job.
First, they want to have exercise and get more experience.
Many companies want employees who have working experiences.
The second, they want more money to improve their lives, because standard of living is higher and higher and many fields need to spend money.
On campus we have too much free time, so getting a part-time job can make our campus life more colorful.
Finally, nowadays university students want more and more high request to themselves, curiosity drives them to touch new things.
Before learning English at HUST,I felt a little nervous about the whole-day class,doubting that whether I can adjust to it .As it is widely acknowledged that learning language is dull and boring ,though I'm enthusiastic about it.
But after joining the class,I find it more fancy as I had thought.First and foremost ,different kinds of teaching method are used in classes,such as watching movies,listening to music and BBC News and so on,which not only raise my interest in English,but also broaden my horizon.second,I am deeply attracted by teachers' personal charisma.As we all know,a interesting class need a vivid description besides useful knowledge.Futhermore,the excellent performance of other students can motivate me to improve my English.
I will never regret chosing English as my second major .
Due to the recent severe haze problem, State environmental protection part makes a deep probe on air quality.
They think that governance haze brook no delay.
It's very significance.
Then it leadership that the haze problem spread out to discuss the exchange.
Preliminary results of interaction is the direction of governance haze.
The factory should strictly fulfill the obligation of "environmental protection law".
In the creation of problem of GDP high efficiency growth at the same time governance haze.
Finally, the EPA decided to conduct the following scheme.
Through the strict supervision of the factory, or even a big charge.
Thus the haze in the source control.
Governance haze problems should not only rely on policy, also need to pay attention to the problem of environmental protection time in leisure life of people.
The masses of the people more competent for the work of governance.
As is known to us all,the social networks are very popular recently,in some ways,we cannot live without them.However,people begin to pay attention to their shortcomings.So I'd like to tell something about the phenomenon.
Through the social networks,it's become easy to find your old friends who have been lost in touch with you for a long time.Image that you are chatting with you primary school classmate,you'll feel exciting when you recall the old tricks you played.moreover,we can also find new friends by social networks ,and we are able to know about what have happened in our net-friends,so we can give our attentions in the right time.
In another side,The social networks are disturbing us all the time.Some of us are addicted to them,they cannot manage to get out of them.And it's a waste of time to spend most of your time in them.The networks also "keep us away",i.e.because of the existence of social networks,we seldom chat with our friends face to face .
In my opinion,the social networks are good to us in most ways,if we can handle them properly,them can serve us well.
As we all know,helping others is a virtue which is inherited by Chinese people.But in today's society,some people confronted with problems after they helped strangers.So heated discussions have been aroused about whether we should help strangers.In my point,it's essential for us to carry forward this virtue.
In the first place,helping strangers is conducive to build harmonious society where people should be very friendly and help each other.In reality,people often hear negative news,so they are afraid of helping strangers,even they are very indifferent.But I think that negative things are rare,and there many kind-hearted people who are anonymous.If all of us are courageous to help strangers,we can make our society harmonious.And if negative things occur,we should carry out logical ways to protect ourselves.In the second place,as we all know,there is a saying ''the rose in her hand,the flavor in mine''.Helping others is a happy and holy thing.Most people say that they feel happy after they helped others because they appreciated ''thanks'' from others.
In sum,helping others is aiways a virtue.What we should do is always inheriting it.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I was excited as well as worried.
I think my new life in school must be very fantastic and interesting.
But I am not sure whether I can get on well with my classmates.
When I came in the classroom,everyone said hello to me.And then they introduced themselves.Our teacher is very beautiful.And she is nice and friendly too.I am not nervous anymore.I feel happy and free!
I will not worry about my new life in school.I believe our life in school will be useful and happy!
The caotioned goods you shipped per S. S. "Yellow River" on May 14 arrived here yesterday.
cases themselves show no trace of damage.
damage is attributable to improper packing.
enclosed.
dollars,Whicch we have sustained by the damage to the goods.
Dutch humanist Desiderius Erasmus says "nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
"Obviously,he puts stress on the importance of action.
As is known to us all,nature provides us with whatever we need.So,we honour it as our Mother,but shall we take everything for granted?
In order to develop the economy,we deforest a lot,making creatures lose their homes.Though environmental protectors call on us to lay emphasis on the balance of nature,we still ignore them by simply thinking that it is impossible to upset the ecosystem.But the fact is that we get our Mother to lose her temper by destroying her so badly.Unforturnately,terrible things happen:Now,we are living in a world full of polluted air and water,thus attacking our immune system.Deforestation causes water lose and soil erosion.Catastrophes happen everywhere and we are suffering a lot.
It is our action can't catch up with the step of words that results in this.We are aware of the significance of protecting the environment but don't do anything to improve the present situation.Once a disaster comes,we just sit back to receive the tragedy.
So,stop ignore action anymore!Jion our hands to take measures!Recycling,reusing and afforestation make a difference.
Benjamin Franklin is America's greatest scientist, inventor, famous politician, diplomats, philosopher, writers and navigator and the American war of independence of the great leader in the eighteenth century.in his life,his true portraiture is what he often says:honesty and diligence should be your eternal mates.
Personally speaking, Benjamin's achievements can not be separated with his rough experiences.
As the saying goes: If you wish to be the best man, you must suffer the bitterest of the bitter.Benjamin is the true portraiture of this sentence.
He is hard-working, studious, innovation,persistant, never give up, these excellent quality and virtue make the great man.his eagerness on his career should be learnt by everyone.
Nowadays, China not only need excellent people from all kinds of jobs,also need more like Benjamin elite the overall talents.
Talent is an inexhaustible source of national forward continuously.so,we have a long way to go.
In my opinion,culture teaching is very important in english classes.Because there is a closed relationship between culture and language.Like english,to a larege extent,it reflects how the british people live and think.Therefore,to learn a second language is to understand a second culture.In a sense,an english teacher is a brigde between the language and the culture.
When it comes to the skills of learing english,many people will recall the traning of listening,speaking,reading and writing.Unlikely,somebody always feels it difficult to master the four parts of english learning.And they will lost interest in english soon.That's all because that they don't know anything about the culture.They don't understand the lifestyle or the unique way of speaking.So how will they success?
Nowadays, cultural influence has become the key concept in second language teaching and learning.
Without the concept of cultural learning, one cannot be expected to have a full command of english.
As a result, it is really a responsibility of English teachers to remind his or her students the in-depth understanding of English culture at large.
With time goes by,the summer vacation has gone,but I still addicted to the summer vacation.I really hope that I can have a longer vacation in order to experience more and get more from the experience.
During the summer vacation,I got a part-time job as a salesclerk to sale mobile phones.It's pretty a big shop in the downtown.And I started working at 9:00am every morning and working until 6:00pm every afternoon.Of course,there was a break of 45 minutes for us to eat lunch.When we were working,we need to queue up to receive the customers.But it was usual that the customers didn't buy my cellphones after my long-time and brief introduction.Then,I always feel disappointed and annoyed,but we should calm down and smile to him or her for thier patronage.
Not only did I get some money from the job,but also learned a lot of things.First of all,for a salesclerk,it's necessary for me to learn a lot of things about the mobile phones such as the model,the configuration and so on.Then I knew some new friends from the job,and the time with them really made me feel fantastic.Last but not the least,making money is not as easy as we think.So,we'd better use our money frugally and not to ask your parents to give you money immoderately.
I am a student.
I have many friends and teachers.
But my favourite classmate is Daming.
He is my best friend,because he is an optimistic person.
He likes playing basketball with me,and my favourite sport is basketball.
Remember one day,I have trouble in doing homework and he helped me.
One mor,I forget my book and he lent me.So he is a good classmate.
Now,he is my best classmate.
Last weekend,I take part in a travel activity on the Golden Beach in QingDao.I'd like to introduce you to this activity.I hope you are interested.
On Saturday morning,me and my parents take the bus at seven o'clock.The journet began!We have take part in all kinds of activities.It's a brilliantly sunny morning,so we swam in the sea.Besides,we eat seafood on the beach.By five o'clock in the afternoon we were all burned out from working.The setting sun is very beautiful,so we are immersed in the beautiful scenery.And then,we took a lot of pictures and bought souvenirs..
Although we are very tired,but we are so happy.It's worthing going to the Golden Beach,because the beach is wonderful.It is necessary for family to travel together.
Welcome you to come here to feel the wonderful scenery.That's all.
Which the development of science and industy.
Everyone has a mobile phone, the student is no exception.
Their parents bought them mobile phones in order to better contact with them.
They use of mobile phone has many advantages.
You can look through some news or e-books on Some web pages And Increase your knowledges.
On the other hand, you can download many study software.
If you are the correct use a mobile phone, then you will have countless benefits.
But many teenagers don't know how to control their own, that affected the learning playing mobile phone .
Mobile game is very easy to addicrive, many students even play in class.
In addition, some of the students from poor family chase trend, let their parents buy the Iphone, quarrel with parents even.
This let many parents very sad.
In a nutshell, mobile phone is due to many benefits.
When my foreign friends come to China.
I will introduce my country to him.
China is a beautiful country.
Which has a long history and rich cultural.
First of all, I want to introduce China's construction to you.
For example,The Great Wall.The Forbidden city aII stand for China.
The second I want to introduce China's art which has Beijing opera music of China.when you listen to after will be very happy.
I would like to take him to visit The Great Wall.Because The Great Wall stand for China history and the Chinese people unity.
I can tell you about The Great Wall history make you understand my country.
The college is the place where the wonderful life begin,where student's dreams will be established.Faced with the new study and living environment,the freshmen must be full of curiosity and exciting.
There is no doubt that they will meet many difficulties and challenges might as well.Therefore,to adjust to college life quickly and well is the most important problem the students are faced with.
To begin with,the freshmen should know the differences between college and high school life.Firstly,the change of learning method.In the college,students have more time to spent,it requires students to have the independency and exploratory of learning.Secondly,the change of living environment.After entering colleges,many students leave far away from their parents.They need to learn the basic necessities of life on their own.They should learn to take care of themselves even their roommates well.
To adopt these changes,the freshmen need to cultivate self-directed learning ability and creativity.
And set a goal which you should work hard for during the college life.What need to remember is that any abilities are improved by practising,don't be afraid of failures,insecurity and mistakes are normal for a new college students.In addition,asking the teacher and classmate for help is also important when it is necessary.
In conclusion,knowing the changes and keep a usual mind about it.Learning to be independent and self-control,thus,you will adopt the college life as soon as possible.I hope everyone could enjoy the colorful life!
Now, more and more person don't like to go out,because the internet can do lots of things in place of us,such as online shopping.Nowadays,online shopping has become a fashionable way to buy something.It easy for us to do it.
One the hand,person think they can shop at home and the order is not affected by time, place restrictions.The fact is that online payment than the traditional cash payment is more secure,avoiding lost.
For the other hand,the actual goods has become gaps than goods on the photos,and person can not try, which lead to goods can not meet the requirements of person.
What's more,people may doubt the integrity of business.
In my opinion,person should go out to buy valuable things,daily necessities can be purchased through the online shopping, not fearing credit of business.
Hello everyone,my name is X and I graduated from Y Z Senior School.My hometown is B C Province.But I was born in Y and lived in there for a long time,so it is my second hometown.
Firstly,I'm the only son of my parents and they love me extremely.I have a big family,I live with my grandparents,so that my family get together in a tiny house to enjoy atmosphere of happiness.I'm an introverted boy,so I have few friends that I'm always lonely.As the saying goes:Nor are introverts necessarily shy.To get rid of it,I changed my hair style,got a tan skin,did more sports as well as mode more friends energetically to make me more mature,but I was far before and lost weight accounted for short and thin.
And then,I like singing English songs,I love Taylor Swift,WestLife and so on.I like listening to music and my favourite singer is Hatsune Miku,Who from the music group,VOCAIOLD.Of course,like quite a few boys,I like playing computer games.But I'm crazy about reading and study histories,particularly study the second World War.
Finally.I hope I can be an author,I like reading stories and talking stories as well as discussing histories.In this premise,I have to study my major earnestly and be hardworking to finish my college education.
< 1 >passion putonghua proficiency test.
< 2 >make full use of college resources.
< 3 >be stronger dng healthier.
< 4 >get all the necessary certificates.
I should make full use of college resources, such as go to library three times a week .
the Internet good teachers the compiete teaching equipent.
I will read English texts to improve my spoken English.
In each class, I will listen to the teachers carefully and make notes.
After supper, I will go over what I learned in the day time and prepare for the tomorrow's classes.
This is my school schedule.
Try to do more sociai work to improve intersonal slills.
study English well.
In addition to ciassroom study, do the following.
Nowadays,Blog has been being a kind of popular communication tool.It is becoming an important section in the daily life.Blogger can express their ideas about world news and the political event even a meal you cooking everyday by blog.So Blog has been combined closely with people's daily life.
Blog is a perfect combination of communication and discussion.It's content can be used to convey information and provide others with great information.What's more,the whole Internet can be included in the Blog.Therefore,Blog own share spirit and value rather than the email or mobile.Last but not least,being so easy and simple,full use of Blog is being made in many fields.For example,it is energetic in family,company,and department.
Every coin has two sides.The disadvantage of Blog can't be ignored.It is very feasible that Blogger does some illegal action by this way.At the same time,someone may make personal remarks to offend others or get other's personal details.Of course,we should keep away from all of these and be a legal citizen.
