They are not the reasons for large food miles.
For one thing, the environmental problem is one of the most urgent survival problems for us.
It is universally acknowledged that if the food source of the origin is closer,it's much more environmental for the earth.
If the food needs to travel far away across the sea or tramp over hill and dale, the energy consumption is much, and it's the chief culprit of golbal warming.
For another thing, the nutrition such as vitamin A, B, C of food will lose through transportation.
So maybe we can eat something that really delicious or we can't get at that time, but it can't provide beneficial nutrition for our health.
So here is my view, whether it's for the sake of personal health or based on environmental protection, please pay attention to food miles before putting it into the shopping cart.
As blog has been more and more prevalent, thousands of people are expressing their own voice and compare notes with others through the blog.
There are many origins of the popularity of blog.
Firstly, with the decades of leap-style development in scientific fields, especially the filed about the internet, the busy persons find that they desperately require an effective way to deal with the high pressure.
Except for this, so creatively fashionable an innovation the blog is that people can't help to being enthusiastic about it.
And the most crucial cause, I think, should be that people can be the focus in others' eyes and exchange their own opinion rapidly.
However, just like there are two sides to every sword, the blog can't be the exception.
There still exist some problems in the popularity of blog.
The more creative and newer the thing is, the more people may be addicted to it.
That's how it goes with blog.
What's more, because thousands of people can discuss point, sometimes the situation may turn to be more complicated and be the negative side,even the influence of the trouble may be enlarged.
Above all, blog is only the new tool in our daily life.
When we are facing to the popularity of blog,we are enjoying and making full use of it,but never let the tool entertain us.
As we all know, everyone has to face failure.
Failure is our part of life.
It is important for us.
Because of failure give us more help, how to face failure for the students.
The most students face failure is fear.
First of all.the students have little experience, and then, the student have not a good mean.
For example, if we face the trouble with study or life.
We feel worry and fear.
As far as we am concerned, as a student, we should improve our benefit, and then, we should try our best to work harder and harder until, at last we succeed.
At last, believe ourselves is very important.
My favorite place is my hometown,it is place that full of my childhood memories,it reminds me of lots of things.
Never will I forget there.The place of my childhood consists of a pool in front of my house,a wide playground near the pool,and a convenient store.
When the arrival of summer,all of my friends will call me to swim in the pool,at sunset,we would go to the playground to play.Although each of us is very tired,we are really crazy about them.And then there is an exciting place,that is the convenient store,we always be there to buy some snack.
As time flies,great changes have taken place there,but it will be our forever memory.
First of all,different people have different opinions.As far as l am concerned,team spirit is that everyone in the group can try his(her) best to do something together.I think it is important for us to learn to cooperate with others, and it is good for us.
Teamwork can make us learn a lot from each other and improve working efficiency.
In addition, people will have more chance to get involved in the activity.however, how to cooperate with others, I think we should make more friends and speak with others to cooperate with others.
My families plan to visit the interesting place of Shanghai.We are led to the Oriental Pearl TV Tower ,a famous tourist attraction.It is a magnificent building located in Pudong New Area,it is the tallest building,so it's very easy to see this building,even if you are several miles away it.As we get to the high floor of the Oriental Pearl TV Tower,we see the attractive viwswhich includes the Huangpu River through the window.At the moment,l suddenly moved by the builders put their soul and energy to this building and let it be a landmark of this city.
Excessive packaging has been a common problem in people's life.
Nowadays,more and more productions have been packaged too fancily.In additions,most of these package is unnecessary.Many reasons contribute to this serious problem.
Generally speaking,many producers to do so because they want to attract more consumers to pay attention to their productions.First of all,if a production is packaged beautifully,the consumers will take it as something expensive.To some degree,it helps to improve the value of the brand.Moreover,with the development of finance,the producer want to make their productions more beautiful.Therefore,excessive packaging is becoming more and more serious.
As far as I concerned,it is no need to do so.As we know,what is the consumers care about the most is the quality.For the more,the excessive packaging add the consumers a burden.In a word,it is the time to take actions to stop it.For instance,we can refuse to buy those productions ourselves,as time goes,the producers will stop it.I believe,as long as we try our best,we can solve this problem perfectly.
In China,the population is over 1.4 billon, and that's too much, almost one fifth of the world's population.The large population causes a lot of problems.We have to face them.
First of all, because of the large population, the energy is not enough at all.Although we have a lot of energy, but there're also too many people.And what's more?
Water is not enough, too.
Also, in many big cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, there's a serious problem that is difficult to solve.There is more and more traffic.In the morning and evening, the time to go to and back from work or school, the traffic is exactly very much.The cars and buses even cannot move and it often takes a long time to get to the office, the school or home.And the price of the house is so high that many people can't afford it.So the cheap house is not enough at all.Many people have to rent the house to live.
Then, a lot of college students need a job.But there aren't enough job for them.
So lots of student can't find a job and they have to stay at home and use their parents' money.
The last problem is about the environment.
People produce too much rubbish.And that's really bad for the environment.We must do something to reduce the polution.
Above all, the large population causes too many problems.We must do something to face them.Anyway, we don't want wars to reduce the population...
I went to Europe last summer holiday.
The most beautiful country I have been to in Europe is Switzerland.When I was in Switzerland , I took the Golden Past from Luzern to Interlaken.I was deeply moved by the scenery outside the window.The lake is very clear.
Switzerland is in the middle of Europe.It covers an area of forty-one thousand square kilometers.
It has a population of seven million five hundred thousand.There are many cities in Switzerland such as Geneva and Berne ,the capital of Switzerland.Switzerland is close to Austria,France,Italy and Germany.
Switzerland is not only famous for its scenery but also for its watch industry,the chemical industry and the food industry.
Recently,a growing number of university campus are open to community and tourists.Different people have different opinions.
On one hand,some people argued that it is a good thing for the students to visit the famous university campus.this university is public,opencampus can cause the attention of the whole society to education.
On the other hand,the university campus is the place of research and should not be open to the person or thing that has nothing to do with education.
In my opinion, the tourism to the universityies is a gond thing.
I think different campus have different campus cultural .we can learn more knowledges.
We also can talk walk to release pressure.
Nowadays,e-book is so popular in our modern life.And maybe because of the development of science and technology ,a large number of people tend to read online.Also,it will provide people with more job opportunities ,it will give people the directions of develop.
e-book can also save more papers,so that we can save more resources,it also do better for our nature.
The last but is also very important is that it can help us save much money,we don't need spending much money on books.
contents of the books fastly.
As far as I am concerned,we can read some books for entertainments online,maybe it will be forgotten fastly,but it is very convenient.But,if we need reading an important book,i think,we should buy it and so that we can do a better reading.
I still remember my first job as a waiter when I was a sixth former.
I decided to get a job because I expected a trip to London which I had planned for a long time.
Bearing in mind that I was very short of money and expected to do something useful I chose to be a waiter instead.
The job itself was awful really, the plates and the oil nearly drove me mad to tell you the truth.
Both my hands suffered the pain from the cold water but I endured it.
Nevertheless at least it was secure enough.
The first day wasn't easy.
I got up very early to in case I would be late for work.
Our boss was especially strict towards us as if we were the machines which could run and run over again.The previous day,my "president" had ordered me to work at one of the washing areas.
My foreman was a bad guy who kept abusing me.
He was potentially a monster and wanted to tear everything into pieces.
What's worse, I broke the plates accidentally and he flew into a temper.
I am a post 90s.
In our side there often appear the topic of post 80s and post 90s.
I have less contact with post 80s because around us all is post 90s.
But in my personally, post 80s is very traditional a generation.
There are have many difference between post 80s and 90s, for example, lifestyle, the way of make friends and life values.
Overall, they have a little conservative, but also stable when they do something.
They are often talk and chat with like-minded friends, to plan their future.
Perhaps because of high quality of life or is the rapid development of society.
I think our generation individual character is very make public, very energetic.
Sometimes we will be crazy, sometimes we can very seriously .
But now, there are many bad words on the Internet about post 80s and post 90s.
Some people think post 90s is brain damage.
Slefish and irresponsible seems to be a pronounce of post 80s and post 90s.
I'm very against this opinion, Nowdays, The rapid changes in the world, and we are in order to adapt to the change of the world changes, and, We are not bad child, we just want to get a true show others.We love life.
In this time, everyone in the modern society faces the keen competition.
So to be a competent and in indepent person is the most important thing for the child.
So I think parents shouldn't spend too much time to help their child , because child also need experience some rough time.
As a freshman, It seems to me that if parents help their child too much,the child will think that parents can help them do anything so they don't need to work hard.And this is not good for child's future even be weeded out in the society.So I think if parents want their child to be a useful people, they should allow child make choice by themself.
Last Thursday,we had a good time in our writing class.MS.Cao,our writing teacher,first took out a picture of a lovely pig.She sticked it on the blackboard.Then we were divided into two groups.She told us the rules of the game is that each of the two groups should compete drawing this picture within the stipulated time.And each time the groups would send two representatives who must wear an eyeshade when drawing the picture.
To make sure everyone in the groups could have the chance to come to the blackboard,each person each time would only draw a little part of the pig.We cooperated with each other.Finally,our group won and we shouted and cheered.
I think the purpose of this game is to let us know the importance of cooperation.And i also felt beautiful when you really did it after the efforts you've made.
Nowadays, more and more teenagers are accused of that they do not know how to depend on themselves for a lot of things by the people .
However, it is crucial to come up with what caused the situation .As far as I am concerned, the parents are supposed to be responsible for that .Most of the teenagers are the only kid in their family ,so the parents may take care of all the things for kids ,to prevent children facing any problem .So it brings about that teenagers becomes selfish and not independent.
To solve this problem ,parents should give their kids more freedom and rights to deal with challenges in their lives to improve their survival skills .Besides ,it also can avoid being abandoned by society.
I hope all of the teenagers could be more independent to assume their duties.
The Spring Festival which is celebrated on February is one of the most important traditional Chinese holidays.
It lasts about fifteen days, during the festival people do not work except for the workers on duty.
Students don't go to school, and shops are closed.
Because of this reason, we had to buy some necessary food a week ahead of time.
Besides we did some cleaning so that it might bring us good luck.
Further more on New Year's Eve, we got together ate dumplings and watch Spring Festival Gala.
In addition it's excited for children to explode fireworks.
What's more children like me received lucky money from our family.
The next few days, I called on my relatives for the new year.
In general thanks to the Spring Festival I knew more about Chinese customs and became more polite.
Thus I think it's meaningful to celebrate this traditional festival.
NAFTA and WTO have resulted in growing trade deficits and manufacturing decline , as well as enormous job losses.
So policy makers should step back for a strategic pause to review the structure , enforcement and effectiveness of US trade policies.
Supporters of NAFTA and WTO always ignore the effect of imports and tout only the benefits of exports.
In fact , the growing import contribute to many problems such as income inequality , job losses and so on.
And the job losses cover a wide area.
In a word , NAFTA and WTO have hurt US economic interests in a number of ways.
Existing trade agreements should be repaired and rebuilt before moving ahead with another round of broad ,new trade deals.
If we are ignorant or not?I don't know if you ever heard about the nonsense that we are the ruler of nature.If you do believe that,congratulations!You are the former one,the ignorant one.
The ignorance in actions can cause many critical consequences,especially when we manipulate the relationship with the environment.The most horrifying one may be the white pollution.As we can see,the discarded plastic bags have polluted the splendid expanses,and have dissipated a lot of space to cope with them.Having witnessed the plastic bag's bad effect,now we confess that we are ignorant.Then,it is animal extinction that remind us with our ignorance again.In the past 500 years ,there were 816 species had died out.It is likely that our urbanization is the biggest murderer for them.Meanwhile,we are confronting much more problems caused by our ignorant activities.Such as global warming,the frequent sandstorm,population growth,water losses and soil erosion,etc.This is an interrelated and interconnected world,so every cause has an effect.We are the cause of our ailing Mother Earth and we are the victims.
As the saying goes:Nothing is terrible than ignorance in action.Now,I want to emphasis that cause we have been running too long in the ignorant way.Only by working together can we hope to save our Mother Earth before we reach the point of no return.
We are not the ruler of nature,alien to that,we are merely part of it.
Nowadays, we should to go to work .Now that people need working, they will chose the ways to get their company, such as drinking and working.
However, one coin has two sides.
The advantages of driving like that you don't get wet when it rains .And it's cooler to drive in hot weather .But driving also has disadvantaged.
For example ,it's slower when there's traffic ,it's stressful when traffic is bad .It's hard to find parking,and you advantages.
If you walk,you can get exercise, and it's not stressful.It's faster when there's traffic,and you don't have to park the car .
However, walking also has disadvantages.
You get wet when it rains , and work shoes are less comfortable for walking.
As far as I am concerned, I prefer walking to driving .The reasm is that I think walking can make less pollution.
As the social atmosphere becomes more and more competitive and tense, an increasing number of people begin to plunge into the current of traveling when on holidays.
This trend has raised a problem whether it is reasonable to charge higher fees during peak season.
Some people view it as a way to reduce the number of visitors during the peak season, while others tend to see it as a way against social fairness.
As for me,.
I hold the opinion that it is not a good choice to charge higher entry fees during peak season.
For one ting, since the social development is at such an unpredictable speed, modern people find it is necessary to keep themselves in touch with history and culture.
As a result, people view traveling especially those of historic interests as Indispensable part of their lives.
So there's an increasing number of people visiting the historic sites on holiday.
Higher entry fees during peak season will surely influence a majority of people those who are full of passion in visiting historic sites and interested in social civilization.
For most people, they are always busy and have no time to visit historic sites on weekdays, so only the peak time is available.
In such case, higher entry fees is a heavy strike on them.
For another, everyone is equal in the society.
Higher prices is against the rule, so it is not widely accepted by people.
Higher prices not only deprive the rights of visitors but also add some extra burden to them.
To some extent, higher prices pose a threat to the social fairness.
Moreover, higher prices can't ensure the economy develop in a sustainable way.
People are easily to perform dissatisfaction with the higher price, this, in turn ,will heart their feelings.
Undoubtedly, temporarily higher price contributes much to the economic development.
However, it is not a sustainable way to develop tourism industry.
Take it into further consideration.
The measure changing higher prices will become a barrier to the potential development of tourism.
It is worth mentioning that such an unreasonable policy not accepted by the majority of people can not be enforced.
From the long- term, decision makers should take all the factors into consideration and make out practicable policies, among which the service quality is of great importance.
A good recycle will be made throughout the cooperation of the policy makers and visitors.
When I was a high school student,I has leaned something about university from my teachers that university is a charming piace.
However ,I also have some fears for my university .It is afraid for everyone to untertain things.I afraid I can＇t get well with my roommate.And I afraid I can＇do everything by myself.
With the happened of the Diaoyu Islands' event,more and more Chinese are beginning to show solicitude for the Diaoyu Islands,and some of them expressed their point of view.
The Diaoyu Islands have a long history as part of our country's territory,it dates back to early 15th century.The Imperial Map of the Ming Dynasty,included them as part of Ming Empire's territory.Nonetheless Japan forced China to give up Taiwan and the islands in 1895,no one can deny that it is the fact of China.The day before yesterday,premier Wenjiabao had a meeting in Beijing,emphasized that''Not only is sovereign scared,but it can't be encroached on;without our permission,no one has power to occupy the Chinese territory''.
I suppose that we should make it clear hard attitudes to take back the Diaoyu islands.Recently, more and more persons take measures to resist Japan products,pariots are worthy of defining.
To be a Chinese, we should endeavor to maintain our territorial integrity.What's more,let's pay attention to the Diaoyu Islands event.
when I was very young he wouid kiss me on every night and sing to me as i awoke.
he mademe feel so spedal.
i know that my father loved me.
it made me feel strong enough to do almost everything.
he got sick,but strength kept him alive.
he loved his children so much.
he give up years of his life caring for the woman, his wife.
she was going to die.
day and night he struggled for years with her disease.
despite diseas of his own.
he still stood by her side caring for her and ioving her until the day she died.
twenty days later, he died.
I lost my hero, my fater, a man who was my friend.
a few years have passed, and the life has changed a lot.
but the iove for my father won't change and it will never end.
A long time ago to the present, there are many famous people, they wrote many famous books,there are a lot of truth in the book.
Different times require different systems,although there are a lot of things will not change,but the old books is not suitable for current society, we need to constantly innovation, society in constant progress, need new knowledge and truth, the classic can't give us these.Humans are powerful, because humans will create, human imagination is endless,only under the action of constant innovation and imagination, the progress of the society constantly.Nothing is eternal, classic also have out of date, we cannot be bound by these.
Classic can be as a reference, but the most important still is innovation.
As is known to us all.
Pressure becomes a big problem for people today.
Especially.
for students They may meet with the employment pressure and learning pressure.
Nevertheless I think the employment pressure is the most problem of us.
which is the resource of the trouble.
Every time my mother asks me what kind of job l choose after graduation.
My answer is always doubtful and unclear.
which makes me have a lot of stress.
In order to reduce the pressure.
we should determine the goal to let our life no longer confused.
Sometimes towards your goal development can reduce the pressure.
you'd better make best use of the specialized knowledge.
This can help you to decrease the pressure on employment.
As far as I am concerned.
Destiny is in our own hands.
If you want your life is very rich and colorful.
we should make sure that your goals.
to achieve.
no longer plagued by pressure.
Only do we take it seriously.
we won't regret.
I believe that all the pressure is nothing in the end.
now I will introduce myself briefly, I'm a 22 years old girl,born in Y province,and I am currently a postgraduate student at Y university.I am determined to pursue graduate studies engineering in large part because both of my grandmothers died because the hospitals did not have the facilities to give them prompt diagnosis and effective treatment.
Without any hesitation, I chose to major in biomedical engineering.In making that choice, I hoped that, one day, I could be more of help to patients than doctors, since a doctor treats patients one at a time, but the more effective medical devices I develop can help many people all the time.
As for my academic study, because of the combination of various minorities, Kunming is famous for its diversity of cultures and its inclusiveness.
The culture of my hometown plays an important role in the process of my personality shaping with giving me excellent ability to accept new things and adaptability.
By the way, I think it is a essential quality for academic research.
As a recognized gifted student, I was one of the first students in my year to be given the opportunity of taking part in actual research.
Besides, my academic ranking and comprehensive ranking were both the highest in my class, and I was awarded the first ranking excellent student scholarship that year.
I was particularly strong in mathematics and physics, which I took as fundamental to every branch of science and technology.
I was a good student not just because I studied well but also because I actively involved myself in a variety of activities.
In these activities, I not only honed my leadership and communication skills but also acquired a pioneering spirit and the ability to do teamwork.
In conclusion, graduate studies should be both intellectually exhilarating and challenging.
But to decide which university to attend is one of the biggest decisions in one's life.
Keeping these in mind, I consider Cornell University as my First Choice.
A world-famous top-notch university, Cornell has a world-class faculty, advanced research facilities and a stimulating academic atmosphere, all very conducive to the development of my potential into actual ability.
If I am accepted, I will Instrumentation and Diagnostics as well as Biomedical Mechanics.
My solid academic foundation, independent research ability and strong background in biomedical engineering and related subjects, coupled with my determination and strong sense of responsibility, have paved the way for me to undertake advanced studies at an institution of higher learning like yours.
Nowardays,the demand towards the college students'abilities becomes more and more strict .So it is necessary for college students to enhance themselves through social practice .
There are a lot of advantages to take part in social practice .
First ,it can widen students ' horizons,and let students know of more new things that are helpful for their further study and future life .Second,it may make students make more new friends and learn from them ,and realize the different views of the world ,which boost their EQ.Third,it improve their practical abilities .In China,anumber of students lack in practical abilities, thus it is a good chance .What 'more,to make them realize the responsibilities towards themselves ,family even country .
In conclusion,as for as i'm concerned,college students are ought to take part in social practice .It will help students grow and gives them an opportunity to see the World.
When it comes to the relationship between diligence and success,there goes a saying that the early bird catches the worm.
Those who are clever enough to succeed may do not believe that diligence contributes to success,but it's not for me.Once not working hard during the winter vacation,as a result,I failed the exam held at the beginning of the new term with a poor grade.Making the reflection,I knew that diligence could help people succeed while laziness must result in failure.
From then on,I had been studying harder and harder.Only by hard work could I make a great process.
What I experienced shows that diligence leads to success.What's more,I think the more diligent I become,the more success I will realize.
In one word,God is gracious, as long as we study hard,he will bring benefit to us a path leading to success.
My classmate, Li Hua who feels unhappy recently, for he disagrees with his parents about what he should do or what he shouldn't do.
Li Hua is good at Chinese and Maths.However,he does not do well in English and Physics.These subjects are quite difficult and he has trouble learning them well.He is under the pressure of study,but his parents do not understand.They think that he should be the best in every subject in his class.
Moreover,although li hua repeatedly objectes,his parents still secretly look at his diary.Nevertheless he wants to watch television after finishing his homework,his parents do not agree.They in addition to learning, what all don't let him do.In return for this,Li Hua shows no interest in studying.
I think Li hua should have a communication with hiis parents.If he shares his ideas with them,I am sure that his parents will comprehend him.
A university is an authority where people pursuing higher education can learn what they want.
Nowadays, with the job markets becoming increasingly internationalized and ever more competitive, universities are under extraordinary pressure.
Some students attend universities in the belief that a university degree or a higher degree will help them find good jobs in the future.
On the one hand, universities take a crucial part in giving students skills that will allow them to be more effective participants in the job market.
In addition, as employers today tend to engage people with higher education, a certificate from a famous university can sometimes make a difference.
On the other hand, universities also provide those devoted to scientific research with plenty of resources.
Firstly, with free learning environment, students can acquire fundamental knowledge from their teachers and by exchanging ideas with their classmates, thus laying a solid foundation for their future study.
Also, students can take advantages of the advanced laboratory equipment of the school to do researches.
More importantly, modern universities are equipped with magnificent libraries, which serve as a critical resource for the students.
Obeying a few simple rules, students can feel free to borrow books they want.
Furthermore, libraries currently have e-libs online where students can search for unlimited information.
In a word, as the competition is more intense, modern universities play a vital role in providing people with knowledge and skills in accordance with their individual requirements.
Now more and more students' take their mobile phone in school and they play the mobile phone in class .
It influence the students listening efficiency in class, many parents and teachers worried about this phenomenon .Both of them think mobile phone will reduce students achievement .So the school prohibit students with mobilephones.
In my opinion mobile phones both have advantages and disadvantages students can query knowledges learn more than in class But if we use improper , students achievement will reduced .
So we should use mobile phone in a right way , we can't be trapped in it.
The development of tourism can drive the local economic development.
Performance in the following respects:It can increase the income of local quarter industry, it can also improve the development of transportation and catering service.
For example, if one place is very famous, many people would want to go there, after they go there, they will live in the local hotel and eat special snacks,and go to interesting places by taxi or bus.
So tourism can drive the local economic development.
However, with the number of tourist is increasing, cultural relics and historic sites are being destroyed, which becomes more and more serious, many people like writing their name or feeling on the wall or historic sites, and some of tourism throw litters here and there, what's more, everyone exhaled oxygen, it can also break the historic sites.
In my opinion, first, we should limit the number of tourism every day, second, we should enhance people's awareness of environmental protection, third, and the country should make some laws which about to protect the cultural relics and historic sites and so on.
With the introduction of computer, having attracted children's attention.
And it has resulted in terrible consequence.
Although it has some advantages, also brings oppsite influence.
On the one hand, in the age of young, they should have learned to enrich themselves.
However, their attention attracted by online games, even make them stay there all day.
On the other hand, in order to gain the biggest benefit, more people prefer to convey information while regardless it is truth or not.
And some unhealthy things are broadcast.
Such as yellow, bet or drugs.
As the society progressed and economy developed, we have taken some measures to prevent children from online games.
The government applying procedures to the Internet for the benefit of protecting the Internet from being attacked.
The public tell their children must make good use of the Internet and control their online times.
All in all, computer brings advantages to us meanwhile it has some disadvantages.
Therefore we must use it in the right ways.
The National Day is coming, we all have our going to, someone back home, people go to tourism, someone should work and so on.
Someone go to tourism, went to the anhui chengdu shandong.And, of course, is there any other place ,To see the motherland, to feel the vigor of cultures from, increase his experience, to increase his knowledge.
I'd like to think, or decided not to go home.
Later, I found a job in the town.
I am in a wedding company work, every afternoon at the hotel and background, general layout stage to five can be completed.
in the evening, and the light was very beautiful and look at their results, the in the mind still pretty happy, looking at the bride and groom sweet smile on his face, I really envy.
National Day is now over, the students back home after, the travel and all the smiling back, we also get the job just reward.
Nowadays,with the rapid development of the information technology and the population of the Internet,shopping online is becoming a tendency among people,especially in some developed areas.
Thus,when it comes to the online shopping,different people hold different ideas.Some people hold the idea that they like to do shopping online,for it's of great convenience for them in daily life.For example,they can buy different kinds of goods without going out,but just clicking the mouse gently,which makes them save a great deal of time and energy .
Futhermore,the goods online are cheaper than any other entity shops,so that it help them save lots of money.
However,still some people do not love shopping online because of its disadvantages.
For one thing,owing to lack of the face-to-face deal on the internet and the customers can't see the goods in person,more and more cheating news about online shopping is happening these days,making online shopping less real and reliable.
For another,many people complain about the poor quality of the goods that is quiet different with its description.
Also, the delivery may increase the risk of goods' damage,ect.
In my opinion, as everything has two sides,we should treat the online shopping more seriously.
Because online shopping is an advoidable trend, which more and more people will be accustomed to it.Also, it may become much more popular in the near future.But meanwhile, we should try our best to improve our awareness of safety and take some measure to make it perfect.
Many students have difficulty in learning more or less.
So now I'd like to share with you some effective advice to make learning more efficient according to my personal experience.
First, it is crucial to make plans and summaries, which also helps your brain think more when you learn something.
Second, make full use of all chances and resources that you can hold, including tool books as well as the internet.
Last but not least, it is the balance between leaning and pleasure that improves your efficiency of your studying.
After all, there is no shortcut to success but diligence and appropriate methods.
These days, the State Administration of Press, Publication, Film, Radio and Television has issued a notice ordering works by stars convicted of the illegal activities are suspended from public viewing.
In other words, it's as good as a death sentence for their careers.
In my view, celebrities who have made mistakes should be given a second chance such as others who make mistakes.
As we know, no matter who has been caught doing something wrong, the ultimate goal is not to punish the wrongdoers but to make sure they don't repeat their mistakes.
It's unreasonable for celebrities to give up their career if some of them make a pledge to mend their ways.People always think that celebrities who have made mistakes could play a negative role in educating the public not to make the same mistakes.
But, think in a different way, they could also play a positive role.
It means that they should be allowed to continue their careers but they should convey a message to their fans about how to stay away from the same mistakes and pass the positive energy.
All things considered, second chances are needed by celebrities.
Everyone has done something wrong, moreover, celebrities have paid their debts to society, so they ought to be forgiven and gain a second chance.
If they are incorrigible, they will suffer an additional punishment.
The law is very important to national security.
With the development of time, countries will formulate relevant laws .With increasing of criminals society, and they have their own crime reason.
Fixing punishments for each type of crime has been a controversial topic.
Towards the issue, everyone has their own a attitude.
Before giving my opinion, I think we should look at the argument on both sides.
Those people who strongly believe that fixed punishments for each type of crime have cogent reason for it.
For one point, fixed punishments are equitable for every criminal.
It also has a deterring effect on society.
For another point .fixed punishments will keep stability, and it also leads to society security and reduces the crime rate.
The last point .fixed punishments as far as possible to reduce the artificial reasons for take off their crime, and decrease judge's arbitrary.
However, there are a large number of people who hold a different view.
On the one hand, hommization is a theme in modern society, maybe some criminals are victim, they have a painful experiences when they growing up.
They also need the understanding and social concern.
On the other hand, the ultimate goal of punishment is not to punish criminals, but for gain better reform in the long run.
Both opinions make sense, and consequently it is hard to decide which one is more reasonable.
Form my own perspective, society is developing, and the law will be more and more perfect.
If people are convicted with a given crime, judge should consider a variety of reason, including personal factors and social factors.
Fixed punishments are just a standard.
My name is X.I am from Z.I am an outgoing girl.I want to get many friends.Because I want to know more people.I think it's a good habit.I also like sport.But I am not interesting running.Because that's so boring.I like playing ping-pong and badminton.And I am falling in love with sliding plate recently.Although I know that's so dangerous.I want to defeat it.It's benefit for my growing.
The last,I want to make a friend with English teacher.
As is known to all, the Spring Festival is one of the most significant Chinese traditional festivals, and Christmas is essential in America as well.
Between these two festivals, we can find several differences.
First, Spring Festival is originated from a legend that Chinese ancient people came across a cruel monster named 'Nian' which would eat people; eventually, people used fireworks to scare it away.
Therefore people lead a peaceful life and Spring Festival existed after that.
By contrast, Christmas is said to be the birthday of Jesus, who is the god in Americans' heart and can save people from sufferings.
Besides, Spring Festival and Christmas differ in celebrations.
Chinese people usually wear new clothes and visit neighbors around during this festival.
While Americans often prepare a Christmas tree and they have a big dinner on Christmas Eve.
In addition, during Spring Festival, Chinese children can get red pockets; conversely, American children will hang up their stocks and wait for Santa Claus to give them gifts.
As there are so many differences between Spring Festival and Christmas, culture can be colorful and charming.
This is beneficial to better understanding of different cultures.
With the technic development,computer plays an important role on our daily life.
We are faced with new challenges and opportunities for one thing some people think shopping online can give them conveniention.As far as im concerned this is good for us .on the other hand.I think it give us some bad influence.First of all ,it will let us become lazy more and more,sencondly it will let some people too lack of exercise to become virtual fall i think we should make good use of internite in replace of we use it at any time we meet any things.
Only in this way can we live in more beautiful and convenince life.
There is no doubt that parents play a crucial role in their children's education.But do pushy parents raise more successful children?People have different opinions.
On the one hand,some people hold the view that the higher requirements of parents to children,the children are much easier to success.
They think that children of pushy parents are more likely excel in school and more prosperous in their careers.They believe that children should work hard and strive for excellent.
On the other hand,a great many people insist that to much push from parents results in children's anxiety and depression.Failing to meet parents' high expectations might make children lack of self-confidence.Their attitude is that children should be nudged,not pushed,and children should be encouraged to find their own way in an environment of low pressure and low expectations.
From my perspective,a successful kid drives from many factors,of course their parents are most important.However,a good parents family environment should not be ignored.Pushy education leads to a better life.
Dear everyone.
Now I'd like to share the ideal jobs of our group members with all of you.
Li Hua likes to drawing and she usually draws some pictures in her spare time.For she wants to design more and more beautiful suits,her ideal job is a fashion designer.
Then,Chang Lili,she likes almost all kinds of plants,and she hopes our city become more tide and beautiful,so her ideal job is a gardener.
Ma Kai,a boy who loves writing,he dreams to be a writer one day.And that's why:he doesn't just want to write something,he loves to share some wonderful stories with others.
Sun Jun,for he wants to be a cook in the near future.He loves to make healthy dishes.
And for me,I wants to be an accountant,I love mathematics and I want to use it when I'm at work.
But I think,everyone's ideal jobs is OK,Whatever which kind of jobs we will be at,we should make effort to attach our goal.
Thank you.
First,welcome you to China.I will tell you something about the traditional Chinese festival.The most traditional festival is the Spring Festival.It usually on February.It is the first day of Chinese Lunar Calendar.It will continue half a month.The year was named by twelve animals such as dog,monkey and tiger.And this year is pig year.We should clean the whole house completely.And we should eat a big meal with all families,At the first day and second day,the adults should give lucky money to children.This is our traditional festival.I hope you will have a good time in China.
Fast promoted continuously in the rapid development of economic globalization and China comprehensive national strength today, college students are facing many challenges and opportunities.
In the period of both opportunities and challenges, in addition to clear their goals, and we must promptly seize the opportunity, meet the challenge.
College students lack of social experience, often blindly optimistic, there is no adequate psychological preparation, for business, are often feel hopeless and frustrated for the temporary failure will lead to the final without a single success, so depressed.
In fact, when we face these social give us the opportunity, we should be brave to accept and daring to challenge, because the process of life for us is just a necessary.
But, now college students are too idealistic, in employment expectation value is too high, the deliberate pursuit of perfect results, and missed the other many good jobs.
Some college students psychological dependence is too strong, always put their hopes in the relations, through the back door, and some even by parents to come forward with the employer to negotiate, so they have no positive upward spirit, just waiting for the opportunity to find a home.
Under the current circumstances, though we have joined the Party of civil service opportunities, but the civil service exam admission rate is not high, and even jumped into the mass graves; even the TOEFL test a chance to go abroad, but go abroad tuition increases more and so on, students will be faced with many opportunities and challenges, but we need more correct attitude, and strive to improve their own comprehensive the quality and level of knowledge, accurately grasp the good opportunity, confident and brave to challenge.
My aunt she is almighty to me, she read a lot of books and been to so many places, so she has a tremendous knowledge of everything.
And she always can do things perfect, if I did something difficult, she could get it through very easily.
She told me do more reading so you can be a knowledgeable person.
Traveling in places as many as possible, then the beauty of world could open your eyes.
Watch your behavior no matter there is no one in the place.
Training yourself like that you will be an elegant and fascinating young lady.
I believe in this just because she is the one with charming that everyone who knows her would admit.
There are so many people in the whole family, she is the only I can tell everything I want, share my secrets, even the dressing style I can ask for her advices.
All those happy or sad and some funny stories happened in my life I can share with her, sometimes I have difficulties or something I don't know how to do, and she could guided me into the right direction.
Besides she care about me, she called every week and ask about my life in school and my study.
Several times I got fight with her even I didn't remember the reason why and I said some word hurt her feeling.
She was very sad I felt so embarrassed because she loves me so much.
But she never blame this for me, she thought I'm still her little girl and I made mistakes and I would learned from these, this is the process of grow up.
She is a very special person to me, even we don't live together she's also a majority part in my life.
If there is someone like her in your life, you should cherish this just like me.
It's the greatest treasure in my life.
After study a year in the university,I know gradually there are so many differences between high school and college study.So we should find the differences and over come them.And at last we acquire the college knowledge better and lead a full college life.
There are many differences between college and high school study,For example ,when we study in high school ,we had the lessons in only one classroom,the teacher always check our homework and supervise learning.
Now ,we attend the classes in different classrooms,ourLearn to rely on our own rather than the teacher's supervision.
In a word,College study depend on yourself not another people.If you want to have a good study,You must learn to control yourself,Not waste time to play the computer games or see films.
I shall never forgot the day, in which each of us was requested to put on a eyeshade was asked to draw a pig on the blackboard together .
We were divided into two groups and need to come to the blackboard to finish a part of this pig one by one .
And the others who were waiting for their turns almost cried with joy ,for the funny show on the blackboard made them can not stop laughing.At least it was my turn,I put on my eyeshade and took a chalk which almost destroyed our masterpiece to start my voyage behind a dense fog .Taking my cue from C ,in which I finally overcame the pig's feet that just like the top of a shovel and it became the most abstract part in our whole work .Our teacher,Miss Cao was bursting into laughter when she saw our opus .There is no doubt ,it's harder to analyze the another group's fruit which just like a square with a head above it compared with ours .
However ,the unbelievable thing is they beat us .
In fact , no matter who was the winner , no matter what we were drawing .eventually we got a lot fun from the activity and I think I will never forget the beautiful day filled with cry of joy .
I am not exaggerating .
There is a growing number of people who spend much time sitting.They eat while sitting,they play while sitting,and they work while sitting.Sedentary lifestyle is an issue that publice,professional and political attention.
On one hand,people try to alert us to the harm of sedentary.It makes us have some health problems and psychological problems.On the other hand,someone criticize some people's lack of exercise consciousness.
To solve such disturbing situation,firstly,government and society should assume their responsibility to make joint efforts.Secondly,it's necessary for media to highly publicize the spirit of sport.Last,we individuals should attach importance to exercise and act accordingly.These people,who love sport,always receive a health body and life.
I'm L, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
I'm pleased to hear that you are coming to our school as an exchange student, and I, on behalf of all my classmates, give a sincere and warm welcome to you.
In order to help you adapt to the new environment.
I'll give you a brief introduction of our city and class.
The weather here in winter can be a little cold, so it is necessary for you to bring some thick clothes.
What's more, there are a variety of traditional Chinese food which will surely attract you a lot.
Besides, our classmates are all friendly and enthusiastic.
So whenever you get into trouble, they are ready to do you a favor.
I'm firmly convinced that you will get on well with us.
In addition to.
I hope you can share some customs with us and introduce the history of America for us, which will not only avoid misunderstanding.
but also broaden our horizons.
Above all, I'm looking forward to your coming.
We can get many benefits from part-time jobs.
To start with, a part-time job can help us to earn money and become independent, which can lower the financial burdens from our parents and we don't need to rely on our parents very much.
In addition, a part-time job can help us get more knowledge and be responsible for something what we do , so we can learn how to cooperate with other people and how to deal with difficulties well.
Finally, a part-time job can broaden our horizons and our range of experience.
For example, we will have the opportunity to meet people from all walks of life, so we can become more sociable and mature.
The way of reading e-book becomes very popular.In the streat,we can even see so many people reading e-books.
Advantages of e-books have attracked many people.E-book is lighter and smaller,so it is convenient to carry.At any time,any place,we can read e-book.E-book has large capicity.It can store a lot of contents.In tradition,so many books with lots of contents need many paper made from a great number of trees.So e-book is more environmental for it won't produce new substance and reduce the waste of paper.The knowledge can be easily acquired by using e-book.Simply click and link can let us have access to different kinds of contents of e-book.It is a more effective way of reading.And it is an approach for someone to making money by offering his articles.With the rapid development of computer multi-media and network,the globe is stepping into information era.In the information era, e-business is developing.And e-book is useful and important for e-busiuess.Of course,every corn has two sides.E-book also have some disadvantages.Because e-book is an electronic product, it is inescapable that e-book emits radiation.The radiation is harmful for human's health.To some extent,it is also harmful for people's eyesight,if they always read by using e-book.And some people worry obout that paper book will lose its importance.It represents the passing of traditional culture.They think paper book has its classical significance.
In my opinion,e-book will develop well in the future.Many people will receive and use it.
I start to enjoy the college life.
On the one hand,in my opinion I think the meaningful college life includes studying, enjoying and exercising myself.
Studying is the most important part of my college life.
In the meantime, we should learn to enjoy the happiness in the college life, and to exercise myself.
On the other hand, I will study hard to achieve my dream in college.
And I want to go to more activities to exercise myself.
I am going to join in activity which I like.
I can enjoy the process, and make a meaningful college life.
At present, more and more people have telephones, including high school students.
But I think that high school students should not bring telephones to school.
Firstly, use telephone to chat or send messages to others will waste a lot of time and money.
Secondly, if a student who plays telephone in class, will influence the others students to study and teacher teaching.
Most important is that students play telephone all the time and use it in exam cheating will be harmful to themselves.
In my opinion, telephones are valuables, students should take care of it, the best way is put it at home.
If students bring telephones to school, remember do not play the telephones in class, also, do not use it in exam cheating.
In high school, I stayed away from students who were called the "bad students" because they dressed a certain way.
I wanted nothing to do with them.
I later had the chance to meet one of these "bad students" because of our mothers, we started talking and I realized that we had a lot in common.
My impression of him was very different once I got to know him.
If you form an opinion of someone based on stereotypes, you risk never getting to know someone who is different.
You may are be missing out on an opportunity to make a good friend.
In addition, you are reinforcing that stereotype by believing it without given the person a chance.
If you take the time to get to know the person, you might become friends.
Perhaps the person comes from a less fortunate family than you and cannot afford the kind of stylish clothes your friends wear.
However, that does not mean the person is less intelligent or interesting than you are.
People should not be naive about new people they meet, but should take time to get to know them.
External appearance often does not tell us anything about a person.
Judging someone by their appearance is misleading, reinforces stereotypes, and is limiting.
Doing so could prevent you from making a true friend.
Welcome to my hometown .
I an Nick ,from ANQIN city ANHUI province.My hometown is very beautiful.
When you come to my hometown ,the first you will find the water encircle the mountain .the scenerywill make you like wonderlond ,the air is crisp ,the trees are luxuriant , the sky is bule , the lake is so clear that you can see the bottom ,and the bird fly freedom .
And you will be interested in my matile dialect ,because it is very hard to kown ,but is very interestry .in my hometown os have a scenic spot ,call Five thouand WENBO garden ,is very big ,you need take one day to see the scenery,In the garden ,there are dragons made soil ,the big bird made tree,in the water ,many fishes swin freedon .
Do you like my hometown , it is very inperent in my hart , I like my hometown ,how about you .
As is displays in the picture, laying in a shell, a student under the quilt.
There is a book, a computer and a mobile phone in front of him, he smiled and holding the money, on his right, a waiter stand here, he smiled and reached out his hand to take the money, in his hand was a noodles and a package.
This is the dwelling.
What the puture reflects is a common phenomenon in the younger.
There are many reasons, and I would like to explore some of the most important ones here.
First, with the development of science and technology, the Internet used is more and more widely.
There is a saying that 'A people need not leave his home, all know everything in the world'.
Now, if people want to buy something, they only need make a phone call or use Internet, such as taobao, jingdong and tianmao.
The staff will send it to your house.
Second, people is so lazying, they don't wang to go out, they stay at home all day to playing computer or watching TV.
I think it's bad, what is more, it's harmful to ourselves, because we can't breath the fresh air and we don't do any sports.
As far as I am concerned, there have many things we can do.
For example, schools can organize some outdoor activities to promote students'interests.
About the parents, they should take more time to accompany their children and do more communication with them, don't be busy at work all day, because the communication between parents and children less and less.
For ourselves, we should learn how to control the time about the study and play computer, we need to do some sports, it can strengthen our physique.
Recently the weather is more and more cold.
So the winter is coming quickly.As is known to all, If winter comes can spring be far behind.Although it is extremely coldly in winter.Nonetheless we all foreknow that winter is beautiful.Because the word is the word of snow in winter.Therefore,I'm looking forward to the coming of winter.By that time,I will appreciate the play in the snow with my friends.However, in the university I know some students have never seen snow, just because they come from the south.We foreknow that the south the weather is extremely hot.It seldom snows in winter.I'm looking forward to when they saw the snow will be happier.
Before winter,most important of all,First we ready for winter clothe.Protect myself against the cold.On the one hand,we should not be afraid of winter.On the other hand,we should follow the nature,looking forward to the arrival of winter.
In a word,Before winter comes is extremely breathtaking.
The college students are facing more pressure than before,which comes from their education,parents,work,and even the classmates.Too much pressure will have an affect on their healthy.The pressure from the classmates may lead to trouble of communication.
So how to relief those pressures?I think the most important thing is not to get pressure,do not focus on what is not crucial at all.Try your best on is enough,you do not need to be the top of the class, just try your best.Then,do not care so much about what others say,you are special,and there must have the advantages and the disadvantages.So just do what you think is right.Don't pay attention to those bad words,that is not important.
And the last one is not to keep up with others about the food they eat or the clothes they wear.
As to me,I can do what I said.If I really do something not properly,I will correct myself.That could not be my pressure.
The Spring Festival Gala on CCTV has been exist for almost thirty years.
Recently, there is a heated debate over whether the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV should be continued play on CCTV.
It is commonly accepted that it should not be canceled, for it has become an inseparable part of Chinese Lunar New Year.
People are accustomed to treating it like a visual feast.
Through the Gala, they can get full enjoyment with the grand sight and sound.
In contrast, others claim that the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV should be canceled.
They point out that there is almost no creation in Spring Festival Gala's programs design.
The audience is bored with these programs which follow the same pattern.
They don't want to see any more.
As for me, I hold the belief that the Spring Festival Gala should be retained.
On the one hand, it is an effective way to make the whole family gather and share the common theme.
On the other hand, it is also a chance for all age group people to get the same joy.
Besides, it may be the only entertainment for people mountain folk.
Taking the above mentioned factors into consideration, we may reasonably conclude that the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV should not be canceled.
Thank you for your letter.But we regret to say that we cannot accept the claim about this office suppies.
There are the reason for us that why we reject your claim.First,we haven't explain that we will provide the office supply you don't mentioned.If something you need,you must give us a note of the situation in advance.You can check the receipt ,you haven't buy it.
Second,even we develivered the products on time but it's still delayed for two weeks because of the bad weather on the sea.We enclosed the copy of bill of loading for you.
We hope you can cancel this claim and we can still stay in business relationship for a long time.
We looking forward to your reply by May 30th,2015.
When I was young,I always intend to be a painter.Because I really love drawing and do very well in it,at that time,many people said that I was the child who has talent of drawing.However,when I grow up,I started to take much times to do homework and many other school works,then I had no time to draw,my mom didn't let me kept drawing,she excepted I can pay more attention to studying at that moment.I felt very upset.
Fortunately,I found another way to vent my emotions,it's writing.
Several years later,I'm a journalism student now,and I am good at drawing and writing.For these reasons,my career planning is to be a writer or a text editor.
First of all,I want to be a writer.On the one hand,I like writing.I like to record a variety of things of my life,and I am a relatively softy person,so I always has many kinds of feelings,such as who we are,why we need each other and what we can do for each other and so on.On the other hand,I think a writer is a great career with full of freedom,I yearns for the job,I do not like bound,I hope I can do everything as I think fit.
For another,I tend to be a text editor,too.Nevertheless,it is different from a writer,an editor is more tired and important.Consequently,they have all the information presented to the community readers.So they should more responsible and patient.In my opinion,during the process of text editor's work,I can get so much knowledge.It is a good way to open my eyes.I always want to recognize more.It is said that,we are never too old to learn,so text editor is a good choice to me,isn't it?Althrough it might be more tried than a writer.
Last but not least,I still love drawing now,so I hope I can draw some illustrations in my spare time.I fell in love with shoot because of specialized course,so I also want to take some pictures when I am free.Then my life is will be perfect.
In a few words,the most important thing is how I would do,so I will spare no effort to become the people who I always dream to be.I believe that man proposes.It was not until my heart stops beating that I will work-hard for it.I won't let it be an armchair strategist.So I must be a great writer or an excellent text editor on some day.
Nowadays,more and more problems about students' learning are coming.Arrive lately,truancy,and,cheating,I think cheating is most serious.
When facing exam,some students like glance at other papers.Or they want to look at the answer in the books or telephones.Then they have a false results but nothing.They will even backward.But why don't do the exam on your own?why don't you believe yourself?Your teacher and parents think that you can learn well,but if just you know what you have learnt,and what you have lost.So cheating is a bad behavior,very bad.It has not a little benefits.Thus,from now on,we should eliminate this phenomenon.In order to improve the efficiency of learning,to let us get our own knowledge,we need't ask for others when we are facing exams or problems,we can have our own opinions and self confidence.Then we can say loudly :I am a good student!
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a nerse.
old and i am a student.
Beacaus i need to go to school on weekdays,so i can only work on weekend and holidays.
I don't have any experience but i often look after my familys which condition is not good.
I'm sure I can take care of the patients very good, so i want to exercise myself through this job.
i would be very greatful if you can give me this opportunity.
I look forwrd to hearing from you.
My dream university is Tsinghua university.
Tsinghua university is one of the most famous university in China.Tsinghua university is an old university,It was established in 1911.And it is located in the northwest of Beijing.
In China,many university have different campus,but Tsinghua university is not.
It has only one campus.It is no doubt that this campus is very large.This university has over 30000 students and teachers,of course,students in Tsinghua university also have different nationalities.
There are some reasons for me to choose this university as my dream university.First,Tsinghua university is so famous that all of people in China know it.Second,Tsinghua university is an excellent place for us to learn .
Because of this ,it has many famous alumnus and also it has many more equipment for us to use.Besides,Tsinghua university aim at becoming a more famous and international university in the world,though most university in China have this aim,Tsinghua university has it"s own advantages.It has excellent students and study environment,this is also a crucial reason,I think.
According to a questionnaire on "ways of obtaining information", we can learn that: nearly 72%people obtain information form TV, while only 12% people learn about current affairs by reading newspaper.
However, in my opinion , newspaper is the better souce of news.
Here are my tips.
Firstly, the information on newspaper is much more deeply than that on TV.
So people can get more useful and realistic information by reading newspaper rather than watching TV.
Secondly, compared with watching TV ,reading newspaper is more accsssible for people to get information.
You can read newspapers no matter where and when you are if you take a piece of newspaper with you, but it is impossible to take a set of TV with you for you.
What's more, there are more difficult things on newspaper, in order to understand them you must use your brain when reading them.
So it is an effective way to improve your IT.
It's common for students to study by themselves in university.
There are several reasons as follows.
First, some students don't listen carefully in class.
And they have developed a bad habit, that is,to spend about two weeks to pass exams by self-study.
Second, some students are not adapted to teachers' teaching methods, and they acquire knowledge by their own learning habits.
The question is that some people think that they can learn better by themselves than with a teacher and others think that it is always better to have a teacher.
I prefer the latter opinion.
After all, a teacher will be helpful for our learning.
First of all, we should point out the advantages and disadvantages of the two learning methods.
Self-study is a personalized learning method.
Students have more freedom to select their favorite time and place to study.
At the same time, they can target at their weaknesses.
Self-study can also cultivate their abilities of independent thinking and logical reasoning.
So that they can lay a foundation of study,research,and practice.
There are also shortcomings of self-study.
There is a lack of teachers' professional guidance and students sometimes can't concentrate on crucial points.
Something worse, many students are't self-disciplined.
They frequently waste time to do other things such as sleeping and playing computer games.
Learning with a teacher also has drawbacks.
There are so many students but only one teacher.
Different students have different knowledge levels and acceptability.
The teacher has to give consideration to the majority of students so that he or she can't teach students in accordance of their aptitude.
This will cause some students cannot keep to the class and some other students feel too simple.
The significant advantage is that the teaching education is the most direct method to learn fast.
After teaching several years, teachers have plenty of experience and have mastered the systematized teaching method.
The course content is more important knowledge and fits the requirements of teaching outline.
So that students can yield twice the result with half the effort.
Therefore, we should listen carefully to teachers and pay attention to course content.
Also, we can study by ourselves in accordance to our level and demand before or after class.
So that we can find the best learning way to study.
With the development of science and the changes of society,our life has changed much.
simpleness.Now,Many people are keen on dine out and there are many food that supply them to choose,they can choose that they like.
As is known to us all, in recent society, great changes have taken place in communication way, the network becomes an indispensable way of social communication.
More and more people tend to online communication rather than face to face.
However, different people have different attitudes towards this issue, causing heated discussion.
Some people support that it benefits us a lot to chat online, not only can it be convenient to contact with distant relatives and friends, but it can provide colorful interaction.
Furthermore, it can broaden our horizons and enrich our knowledge.
Nevertheless, some people against this view, in their opinion, cheating phenomenon exists generally in the network, if you can not judge right from wrong, you will lose yourself.
Moreover, it will do great harm to your life and study.
As far as I am concerned, online communication is of great significance, in spite of that, it high time we should weigh the pros and cons, take advantage of the network and control ourselves, only in this way can we live in a better life.
There is a common phenonmenon that many people always throwing away the rubbish in daily life.
Such as papers, plastics, cans and glass, etc.
People without thinking whether they are recyclable or not, and too much rubbish will cause great damage to us.
Thus, we should make the rubbish to sort.
First of all, waste sorting can save more space to live for people, because our populations are increasingly with days.
If we still throwing rubbish unsorted, it will take up a lot of space in the landfill site and cause a big waste of recyclable resources.
Second of all, burning the rubbish will give of toxic smoke and pollute the air.
In this case, throwing the trash unsorted should not be advocated.
No matter which the perspective of economy or protecting environment.
In short, waste sorting can save the living space, benefit to economy and environment.
Besides, waste sorting can also keep our health.
To a certain extent, recycling of waste is in harmony with nature.
Therefore, waste sorting is a meaningful deed.
If everyone can try their best, waste sorting will have a big positive effect on the environment.
Nowadays,with the development of the Internet and the popularization of computer,online shopping has become commonplace in our daily life.
of our home.
to consumers.People can buy anything at anytime they like.It is a time-saving and energy-saving way.
their choice and it also exist potential dangers to the consumer.
In my opinion,online shopping has brought us many conveniences.But we should be very careful when we decide which item to buy.
We should pay attention to the online shopping.
As we can see,an old lady sits front of a mirror alone and speak to herself that she feel lonely because of the absence of her daughter and son.
I think it is a pity that we don't take care of our parents cannily as they did for us.As far as I am concerned,some measures should be taken to solve this problem.We all know the government has come up with a law whith ruled how often should we visit the elders.But I think it's not really be acting.First of all,the government should protect our right about holiday,only in this way can workers have time to come back home.And then,society is expected to spread some positive energy to inspire more and more people to realized that they should repay for their parents,even just to stay togetther with them as well as chat to them.Last but not least,we can build some activity communities whitch all the elders can get together to talk and walk around.In fact,there's so many things we can do for them.All that depends on us.
In sum,we are supposed to look after the elders.They really need us.
I had thought about this question many times when I was lying on my bed at deep night, looking forward to the coming following day.
Since I got a good grade in college-entrance examination and been accepted by my ideal university, I kept on imagining the scenes where the college life will be every now and then.
So many things occur to me that I become more and more excited.
Time was flying and it was time to attend college.
What shocked me first was the expansive and appealing campus.
I had never considered that a campus can be so wide and beautiful.
The second thing that differs from my senior high school was the dormitory.
In my senior high school, each room is provided with a washroom and a bathroom.
But in college, there is only one large bathhouse on the campus where everybody takes a bath.
It really took time to get used to it.
Then, the third thing I found very different was that we don't take lessons in a permanent classroom any longer.
I need to rush to another classroom for the next lesson instead of just sitting in the same classroom, waiting for the teachers' coming.
Besides academic study, there are also many social activities in college life such as sports matches, voluntary activities, organization activities and so on.
Both of them call for time if we want to accomplish them successfully.
So, it's a big challenge for me to balance the former and the latter.
There are abundant resources and challenging activities in university.
Once becoming a college student, I feel like the gate of a new world has opened to me and I become a little child again.
So many things are fresh to me and so many things should be adjusted to.
My college life just likes a blank paper, waiting for me to make it colorful.
We only have one Earth,so please protect it.Nonetheless people are doing something to hurt the Earth.
Do you realize what people destroy the Earth?Some people catch fish and put waste water into the sea and river.These make the water dirty and the fish are fewer and fewer.It's bad for our life.Some people throw the rubbish everywhere.These contaminate the air and make animals fewer and fewer.To protect the animals are extremely crucial.Many people frequently cut woods,they destroy forests and animals' life.If we don't have woods,where can we write and use?
I think the Earth is a beautiful place.We have to take good care of Earth for our future.Without Earth,we can't keep alive.So from now on,we must protect the Earth to make our life better and better.I hope it will become true!
Just as life is consisted of firewood, rice, cooking oil, salt, soy-bean sauce, vinegar and tea, so a university is made up with students, canteens, dormitories, study and activities.
However, the activity is the most essential part which creates a meaningful, colorful and distinctive college.
Thus in order to enrich our college life we set up a festival particularly, called the university arts festivals.
Accordingly, we also prepare lots of amazing activities for celebrating this feast.
First of all class chorus is a ideal choice in as much as it can manifest the unity of a class.
Moreover, it is also a nuclear brand that bonding all classmates and providing a chance for their emotional communication.
In addition, there are others activities which are designed to demonstrate personal talent and attractions, such as dancing, singing, reciting and sketches.
Of course, teachers are significant and indispensable members and should participate in our activities.
They can adopt all kinds of forms to go in for this big party with us.
The leading of teachers can inspire and attract more students to join, on the other hand, it also can arise students' interest to appreciate and enjoy.
For all that the list of performance has already put well, how to carry out it perfectly is also vitally important.
I think we can bring it into effect from two aspects.
Before its being held, propagating the activity widely by putting up posters or broadcasting to attract students' attention.
This should be done in advanced about a week.
Then it is high time that considered the means of this activity.
As for this point, I deem that we can host it according to the types of schools.
If so, we can control the number of students, and it is convenient for us to keep order.
All in all, to make a thing smooth and successful is to need the total support of all of us.
Because the collective power is amazing and endless.
When I was an infant,my father in my mind was a great man ,because he can do a lot of things that I thought only great men can do ,such as driving, repairing machines and so on.In the word I thought my father can do everything.
As time goes on , I have grown up,I find my father isn't a great man .
Because he isn't a doctor ,as a doctor can save people's life but he can't.
He isn't a merchant who can make a lot of money ,he also isn't a scientist who can invent new machines .He is only an ordinary man.
On one occasion ,an elderly man fallen down in font of my house ,it was rain ,but my father still ran into the rain and carried the old man into our house and help him changed out of those wet clothes into something dry,then called his family .At that night my father can't go to bed until the old man came back home safely.
Now my father is the greatest man in my mind although he can't do great things he can teach me how to help others.Tell me how to be a person who was an ordinary but can do great things.
As the proverb says ,the real heroes of the world are the man who take the time to make a difference in the life of a child .Even though I don't say it often ,I just should -I'm really glad you are my dad.
You will never know someone until you use your heart.
A close friend, a friend or a stranger, you won't judge them from the first sight.
He wasn't my friend and he would never be.
When I first met him, I was shocked by his voice.
He was singing an old-fashioned village song with a loud and hoarse voice.
He was putting a chair besides the windows, sitting and singing alone.
He was so addicted that he couldn't feel others.
Many students, of course including me, burst into laughter.
Maybe he was aware of something and he turned back and smiled to us.
That moment, I thought he was silly, because I could see the toothless mouth.
Henceforth, I often saw him.
Every time he could smile towards me, so every time I would see his laughable mouth without two incisors.
He was so silly that I always couldn't help laughing.
He and I were all from the same village, GuiHua, but I always hide it.
I couldn't imagine that he always talked about the village's life and two pigs.
The other classmates were always happy around him.
But I often thought they wouldn't like him, a laughable village boy.
One day, he were talking a story about his sow.
He said, one day, that pregnant sow went outside and walked along the country roads full of different types of grass.
Suddenly, the pig ate some grass.
At that time, the bell rang.
All classmates were attracted by his story even someone begun to guess what would happen in the class.
So as soon as the bell rang, the classmates were around him.
he laughed.
Of course, the story wasn't like that.
Everyone in the villages knew the story.
I couldn't help correcting his errors.
The classmates were so curious that they all begun to talk.
I felt a flood of happiness from the villages.
I just whispered to a classmate.
He was so surprised by the end.
Then, he told another classmate with a low voice.
One by one, every student knew the story and everyone was surprised.
I was so happy and stared at him.
He nodded his head as if to say "that was real you "yes".
I was from the village and I know many rough and vivid stories from sons of the soil.
That was real me.
I found myself from a person who I didn't who I didn't like before.
Suddenly, I knew of him and stepped close to his heart.
I will never forget him.
Someone made me to think about myself and I also found him.
We are glad to inform you that the caption goods of our Order No.J-29 sales confirmation have been shipped by S.S. "Pearl".And it will partial shippment by S.S. "Mayflower" in HongKong.This item will pay the transaction price of cost and freight .We had faxed for you in March 15, 2013,in order to you can insure in time.
I'm your old friend,LiJin.
I was very happy to make friend with you last year.
And I like your summer camp very much.
Last year,I was very interested in your summer camp,and I enjoyed the life of America.
I have learned many traditions of America and I had a good time in America.
And then,our school also has a summer camp this year.
We have many activities.
Such as take around in our city,experience the life of China.
I believe you will like it very much.
Whenwhile,I plan to ride bike with you in our city and eat many delicious food!...
Finally,I Hope you can take part in our school's summer camp.
Please write me back if you take part in our school's summer camping.
Yours,LiJin.
Before I came into university, my parents always told me that university is a nice place that you wouldn't worry about anything and enjoy your life is the only task you have.
So I imagine that my university life is full of happiness because I can choose any classes I like, do anything I want, make friends with people who have the same hobbies as me.
However at the moment I stepped into the university, I found all things were wrong.
I can't get my favourite course because there are a large number of students who compete with me.
I can't enjoy my time because of the high level of consumption which I am not able to offer.
And university is a place to absorb more and work more hard instead of having fun.
I am glad to be here--CITY COLLEGE OF WENZHOU UNIVERSITY to confront a lot of challenges which are unfamiliar to me in the following four years.
I wish I could be a brave man who has ambitions to achieve my dreams.
Hei,friend,how are you?We have been in the college more than one month,and have you got used to this new environment?My school,Chongqing University,is quite nice!And I learned a famous saying which was said by Francis Bacon,"Histories make men wise;poets witty;the mathematics subtle;natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend".
You can learn from zhe saying that reading is such a important thing!In university,we have a lot of resources of books in the library and we should make full use of them.as the saying goes,we should read books about history to make ourselves wise.History is a mirror,and we can learn many thing from it.And poems,a important part to me.I know you are not interested in literature,but it's really important to your personality.There are many pearls in the sea of literature,such as Shakespeare.As for math and science,I know you will spend a lot of time in this field,so I won't waste time in this topic.Moral,it's so serious a field,and I don't want to talk about it with you.Finally,logic,a thing which is stange but familiar to us.In university,we should try diffierent things,so I thing we should get to know some about it,maybe it's a great treasure to explore!
Ok,that's it.Read more.Keep in touch!
As a Chinese student,parents since childhood education he how to do things,not let him fumble.With their ability to learn how to judge their smart sex,that they like to listen to the teacher in future,according to the book to do.But don't like thinking,strong leaning ability.
Of course,such study method also lessened their creativity.In the future study life more depend on the knowledge gained with books.
So I think the education in China has yet to be improved and enhanced some creative games for children exercise now.I believe that the study method of Chinese students in the future will be better.
I feel very lucky to win the photo competition.
I thank my teachers because they encouraged me to enter the photo competition and taught me a lot of knowledge.
At the time, I would like to thank my uncle.
At the age of 13, my uncle gave me a camera on my birthday.
It's very important for me to like it very much.
Hello everyone.I am a person in charge of school newspapers.I want to advertises for an English editor.I hope students to participate actively.
The job principal includes two parts.First of all,you need to choose articles which is suitable for students from English newspapers,magazines or the Internet.In addition,choose and editor these contribution from students.I hope that the student satisfy the following demands.You must willing to devote some of your spare time to serve the students.Your English and art are all brilliant,and you can proficient with computer.If students are interested in the job,please contact with the Student's Union during this week.We will give you a warm welcome.
With the development of technology,the phones become more and more prevalent all over the world.A recent survey conducted by Naomi baron who is a proffessor of linguistics atton American University in Washington found that what the students like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people and what the students like least is that other people can reach them .
There are several reasons for this .
First of all , it is convenient to get in touch with other people if you have a mobile device.Wherever you are , you can reach other people in a moment.Secondly,the mobile device calls and text-messagings can help us have a good relationship witn our friends who stay other places.There are a lot of people who communicate with their friends by sending text-messagings when the Spring Festival is coming around the world.I think that is a meaningful deed.What's more,the mobile device calls or text-messagings can save your life when you are in a fire or a dangerous situation.
In conclusion,though sometimes we are reluctant to reach other people that we want to see,the mobile sevice is still important for our life.
Not having forgot the warmth of spring,we are going to wear T-shirt to welcome summer holiday again.
The summer holiday which is coming is our last holiday in senior high school.
The university entrance exam has just pasted,and we will face it next time.
Although l should pay all my attention to studying,l have to take part in art training.
Because of the importance of study,I decide to improve my study every night when I go out for painting.
I also want to have a trip with my parents to relax.
In short, I am looking forward to this summer holiday.
Last September,we came to our university with passion.But with the time going,we also discover many problems on campus.Now I choose one problem to talk.
After we came to the university,we didn't accept restriction as we had in senior high school.Most of us becomes relaxed.We don't take the initiative to study.We haven't formed the habit to going to the library and going to study by ourselves in scheduled time.Boys like going to the Internet Bar.While girls likes shopping.
A famous saying goes:"The book is the ladder of human progress.
"Reading can open our eyes to the world,it brings us knowledge and help us shape our thought.
A good book likes a teacher,we can get a lot of benifits from reading.Writers write down their emotion and thoughts,they use words to express them to us.However,some people think that the best way of learing is to practice.In my poinion,before we practice we must shape our thoughts.Only we know what we should do ,we can do the things better.
From my prespective,reading help us learing,so just take a book and read it.
I want to be a good teacher in the future., someone feel surprised about why I choose this job.
Someone else think this job is very hard work and less money.
I have own thinking about my future job.
When I was a child , I want to be a teacher already.
I think teachers is very important for society developing.
When I teach those students,I both feel happy, and feel young.
I thought this students both clever .
I never don't think teach students is waste time .I always think that is a interesting job .
In the future, I must come true.
When some dangerous things happen,like flood earthquake.Most of people put himself in first,everyone wants to himself will be saved,will be safe.However there are some people who put others in first.He saves others!We called him heroes!
I think he will feel fear too,but he has something character others don't has or maybe he has more than others,like goodness,and he respect for all life in the word,than,he 'll go to save someone else's life,he need courage too,after all one people can't fight against the power of nature.Maybe,he has a belief things,and,it helps him have courage.Yes!he will feel feer too,but he can be calm down soon.At that time,he knows what he does.He knows how to do to help other people and his own life.He also needs a sense of responsibility,and,he thought he should do this.
In a word,heroes have many good things,goodness,courage,responsibility,ect,the most important is sacrifice one's own interests for the sake of others.Actually everyone has these things,this means that everyone could be hero,it's just depend on yourself,your heart,what will you do when you face danger,you wil chose yourself or others.
Dear Tom I'm very glad that you are interested in the Spring Festival in China,and I'd like to introduce something about it to you.
I've got news for you.
As you are Chinese learning lover, I thought you might be interested.
Before it, person for the most part give their house a thorough cleaning and do a lot of shopping.
The purposce of the contest leanen Chinese,raise the learning enthusiasm for Chinese leaners like you,and allow foreigners tolearn more about the Chinese culture I his festival is the most important festival for the Chinese.
We I come to come to enjoy the Spring festival with us.
A lot of people think the internet is good for us.
The reasons are as follows.
Firstly, they can have free access to a lot of knowledge and broaden their minds.
What's more,they aren't only able to chat with best friends but also share favourite things to them .
Above all,it's a good way to surf the internet for relaxing .
However,other students have a different opinion on this matter.
They believe that it do harm to eyes .
If they spend a lot of time chatting ang playing computers,their studies will become worse and worse.
And it waste too much time and energy.
In my opinion,the internet is both good and bad .
It depends on how we use the internet.
I think if we use it in the right way ang don't spend much time using it .
It must be good for us.
I hope every friend use it to make progress.
As society develops, person are more eye-catching to take part-time-jobs.
The firest things we notice in this chart are that how many students takeing the part-time jobs with different ages.
We can see that along with age growth, now the rise in proportion of students to do part-time-jobs.
As far as I'm concerned, I think the reason why many students choose to do part-time-jobs are not more than one.
Firest, the students pay more attention to the interview during job hunting, society needs more and more ability of practice of the people, so students need to exercise their ability of practice.
Only do that, can they fit in with the needs of the society the society.
Second students want to study how to communicate with different people.
Last, not most students family are rich and they do not want to add to the family burden, so they must take part-time-jobs to earn the tuition.
People rarely reach an absolute consensus on such controversial topic.
Nevertheless it's high time that we should balance the relationship between study and jobs.
If we do that, we can be better in our life.
It is rabbit.
The rabbit docile, characteristic, attractive, it is very popular animals.
It has four short legs, long ears, pink glasses, round tail.
Everybody come to the world was teached to make a different,as the says goes"born to win".Everyone want their great dream come true and make their name remembered by the younger generation.
But,there comes a key point that how to success.In my view,enough preparing is essential before you succed,as Abraham Lincoln's famous remark,"Give me six hours to chop down a tree,and I'll spend the first four sharpening the axe".Just as sharpening the axe before chopping down a tree,runners should get their body ready to run before racing,college students should study hard to get more experience before working.
Only did you prepare enough you could catch the chance when your opportunity is coming.
Because of the ending of the last long term,I was looking forward to the Spring Festival,and the happyness with my family.
As usual,my parents and I got together with my grandmother,and my sister who goes to college in Austrian.We all enjoyed the big dinner made by my grandma as watching TV.
In my opinion,the most interesting thing was eating dumplings.We added some coins to the dumplings,which means good luck.
At eating time,we looked carefully so as to cloose the coin dumpling.Luckily,I had one!
The fireworks also left a deeply impress at me,I was crazy about watching the pretty fireworks flying into sky one by one.But in order to protect the environment,I didn't play fireworks this year.
"Three,two,one...Happy new Year!
"We shonted,laughted happily from our heart.
We were busy about congratulating to each other and made plans for ourselves.I wished the time stopped at this moment,forever.
I often heart that some people say we feel less happier compared with other years.But I hold the view that I'm always happy with my family together.
One of my favourite great books is The Lost World, by Arthur Conan Doyle.
The story was set in London and Amazon, in the Great Britain and South America, in the nineteenth century.
It tells an exciting story between a reporter, two professors and an explorer in Amazon.
Malone, the hero of the book, is a junior reporter who wanted to report a scoop of the century.
When he heard that Professor Challenger had found prehistoric creatures still survive in Amazon, he joined the group to the Amonzon, include professor Challenger, the thin professor Summerlee and the expert explorer Lord John.
They go deep in the Amazon and found the creatures true exist.
Then they went up to the plateau by making a bridge with a tree, but the two villagers pushed the tree into the chasm, s they do some explorers.
One night, malone went in the forest alone, but when he came back, he found that their camp was smash and the others were all gone.
Then he met Lord John and found out that they were caught by ape-man.
At last, they went back to London and showed the egg to the people, but it flew away.
My favorite part of the book is on the first night, they found the creatures.
Summerlee apologised to Professor Challenger that all this time he doubted Professor Challenger's word, and Challenger is telling the truth.
Then Challenger accept his apology.
The professors fight for the truth all the time, but when they found they are wrong, they apologised.
The lost world is a great book.
It is more than an adventure story.
It describes an amazing lost world.
It is written in everyday English.
And the dialogues sound especially real.
Today, it is still read and loved by people allover the world.
Ever since I was a small child,I had a dream that one day I would become a teacher to teach those who were hope and desire.
Today I went to Heifei Normer University and pursue my dream.I know that being a teacher requires not only a lot of professional knowledge,but also a lot of effort.So I do many things to per-suing my dream.
On the one hand,I work hard at my lessons and be fully prepared before the exam.Let's put it simply,if you don't have sufficient preparation,you can hardly expect to answer all the questions correctly.On the other hand,I participate the Love Association and become a volunteer teacher.As far as I'm concerned, this is my favorite thing.In other words,it gives me a good chance to become an excellent teacher.From the Love Association,I acquire a lot of experience.
Thanks to my dream,it not only drive me to study hard,but also helps me learn how to persist for realizing the dream is a long and difficult way.I believe all troubles eventually go away,something good is certain to happen in the end when you don't give up,and just wait a little.
I would try my best to realized my dream in the near future.
College is a big school.It can take us friends and we can make games with us teachers and friends .In the college,my aim is studying with my teachers and I want to study how to take with other and I want to fall in love with my classmates.
If I have girl friend,I want go shopping with she ,and out door with she.
In college we should set a study,programmer.In life we should make some friends with our classmates.In college if we try our best .we will achieve our dreams.
Last weekend,I did lots of housework,Because my mother work all day and my brother always played the computer game.
He never did the housework.
He always sad study was difficult,so I had to spend time to it.
We're all learners in this quick-developing world, so konwing the way to become a good learner is very important.
Today,I'd like to say something.
To become a good learner, we should learn to study efficiently.First, we must make plans before we do everything.
It's also good for us to think more and sum up more.
Then, books and the Internet are both good helpers.
They can give us chances and information that we should take and remember carefully.
What's more, we can't study all the time.
Sleeping and resting well is so important that if we are tired, it's impossible for us to study efficiently.
In a word,the key to succeed is to be harmed-working while having a good way.
.In addition, the teaching staff get a 20% discount.
After discount,of course,please rest assured to buy the complete series.
We publishing company provide reliable quality and reasonable prices rapid shipment of products is our advent age.Please believe that we.
What's more,we publication company rank the fortune 500 com panties.
If interested, please contact us as soon as possible.
Meet with you in this beautiful number 888866.
The expiration of our special offer is on september 24 ,2014 to september 30,2014.
Reading books is always a popular hobby among people at different ages.The development of science and technology accelerates the Internet's growth.
As a result,e-book becomes more and more prevalent,especially for young people.
It's becoming a tendency.
We love e-book because of its advantages.
First of all is its low price.
Many times,we must spend a lot of money to buy some valuable books.It's really upset .
E-book save more money than paper book.Second,it's really convenient for us to find out the books by searching online.The efficiency is gorgeous.Last but not least, the appearance of e-book reduce the waste of paper.
It's a favour of protecting the environment .
Every advantage has its disadvantage.Many shortages disturb us at the same time.
On one hand, reading online for a long time is bad for our eyes .The radiation affects our health as well.
On the other hand,we can't make notes on the e-books.It has bad effects on our study.
There are various kinds of views about e-book.Different people hold different points.As far as I am concerned, I prefer paper books than e-books.
It's more practical and meaningful to me.
What's more, I like the feeling of reading paper books.
It makes me happy.
As the numbers of students who have mobile phone increase,so some one always use the mobile phone in the library.In the library a lot of students speak loudly by mobile phone .They do not know their behaviour affect another people in the library.And this problem become common that i always think it is impolite.So we should lay down some laws that we can use it to limit some people's impolite behaviour .We should suggest all the school lat down the laws as soon as possible .On the other hand ,the students should think about another people's feeling.Finally,I hope that all the people can read books in the library happily.
My favourite book is Harry Potter.It's one of my favourite spare-time readings.Harry Potter is a Hogwarts school student who wears glasses and has no parents, now he is 16 years old.
He is extremely brave and known by everyone because he is the only person who will not die by the devil.
At school, he has two good friends, they are Rone and Henry.
They are always do homework and play games together.When faced with danger, they never give up the other party because of love.Finally they had defeated Voldemort and restored the magical world peace and quiet life.
Harry Potter series written by J. K. Rowling who was born in 1965, England.
She said later.
She started writing the first edition of Harry Potter the next day.
The Harry potter series was translated into 65 languages, it made JK Rowling into a world-renown bestseller.
It was also made into 7 films, in the world of Hogwarts, magic power was fessible.
People all over the world became a fan of Harry Potter, especially students.
Many children also believed in Harry Potter's magic.
When I first read the book, I totally immersed in the world of magic.See them through hardships and overcome difficulties,I felt great love.I think that Harry potter is not just to bring us a fantasy world of magic and leaves some room to the imagination, more important is to bring our courage and strength to face the life will be all of the difficulties and frustrations.
So my favorite book is Harry Potter.I hope more people understand the power of love by reading this book.
Everyone have parents ,parents give our love.
makeour healthy growing up everyday .If without parents in my life ,I do not know where I would be or who I would be today.
As a college student,we should independent and do anything in my own.
In every experience,every choice I make the impact of our relationship and their parenting is evident , both of my parents taught me to seand strong for what I believe in and have the courage to do what is right.I love my parents, my parents taught me to respect myself and to understand the importance of seaying drug and alcohol free.
I was taugh the importance of discipline and perseverance.
working.
With the increasing prosperity of our society,many people especially the elder women are attached to practicing square dancing outside according to the media reports.While some people who live nearby are irritated by the loud noisy dancing music instead of totally enjoying it.Hence, there exists a problem that is square dancing should be discarded or prohibited?
Well,in my perspective, some effective ways should be given to achieve a balance between both of them.
On the one hand, there is no doubt that square dancing surely makes our live more colorful and delightful.First and foremost, we are immersed in the attractive music when we pass by the multitude of people who are dancing.admittedly,the delightful environment allows us to truly enjoy ourselves and relax after a busy and tiring work day.
Furthermore, it is an excellent opportunity for the elder who have retired from the work and are bored enough having nothing to do.
For them, square dancing is the best choice to spend their lifetime so that they will not feel so lonely without their child along with.
On the other hand, there are also some demerits that we are obliged to pay attention to.
Some media outlets have reported that plenty of confrontations between people dancing and neighborhood residents which usually leads to a serious consequence.In light of this,a negative influence of square dancing is exposed.
That is the loud noisy and annoying music greatly disturbs the neighbors around the square.As is known to us, the music of square dancing is always full of energy and passion which makes people around feel annoyed.
What is worsen is that a great deal of students who lives nearby are distracted from their study so that they can not keep on it.In the long run, a inevitable slash on grades gradually hits the students.
Two aspects of square dancing I have illustrated above are obviously here.I still hold a faith that every coin have its two aspects and I don't contend that we solely just put too much emphasis on the one hand.
Thereby i harbor the view that some measures should be taken to keep a balance between them as likely as possible.I have ever read a report before about the square dancing in Guiyang.It is reported that the square dancers dance with earphones on their ears to avoid their loud music disturbing others.
From my point of view, it is a absolutely wise choice to do so.Although it maybe looks like kind of wired because you dance silently, both dancers and neighbors keep their own benefits.From this example,we can see that it is not a problem that we can not find a better way to solve.Next, some understanding also plays a pivotal role in this issue.Neighbors nearby should have an empathy on the elder people that they do not have any other hobbies but to dance together to spend their spare time.
Also,dancers ought to understand others' feeling that they are eager to having a sweet rest after a tiring work day.
In a nutshell,square dancing is a positive activity during the sparing time and I adhere the idea that square dancing will be more beautiful by several measures and understanding with each other.
Although it is ashamed to say that I wanted to change class after one month study, I felt so much pressure during these days.
After a month learning, I finally draw the conclusion that the course is not suitable for me.
As far as I am concerned, it is necessary to have a change.
I have to recognize that I can't fully put my heart on the studying.
My poor vocabulary and the weak listening ability.
As the saying goes, it is significant to know one's own limitations.
I know that it is too late to tell you that I really want to as well as need to change English classes.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher,Mr Green.Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.His name is Yang Zhe.Mr Yang is a physics teacher.I like his teaching methods.When he talks to others,he always has a smile on his face.
He is not only quite friendly,nut also humorous.In his class,you will never feel bored.He always gives us some advices about how to learn physics well.
One day,I failed an exam.After that,he helped me improve my physics and we dealed with difficult problems together.Finally,I got very good grades.
He helped me a lot.I will never forget him.He is my favourite teacher.
In recent years, civil service exam is becoming the hot topic that people concerned.More and more people are involved, but the enrolment is becoming more and more small.
Why the civil service exam is so hot?As far as I am concerned, there are two aspects.First, many people take the exam just because of group psychology, what others to do he do it also, but how it good, he does not know.Second,although the exam is cruel and difficult,as long as you pass it,your job and life will become stable rather than it full of competitiveness and pressure.
For the phenomenon of the civil service, in my opinion, we should have a correct understanding and attitudes, we can not follow the trend blindly, whether it is fit us we should think it deeply, if it is, we just do it, if not, we just give it up.
They have changed richer and richer.
And I also have some interesting activities.
I like club activities .
When classes are over ,I usually do something wih friends .
Such as picking up the rubbish,watering the flowers and sweeping the ground .
These make us know the importance of protecting the environment.
What's over , I do my best to take part in all kinds of sports activities so that I can have a healthy body.
Sometimes,I may watches some fantastic films with particulars .
By this ,I have improved my ability greatly.
In my opinions ,there are so many good activities.
Take them which you are interested in.
You will improve as well.
My National-day Holiday The long-awaited national holiday has finally come.
School put ten days of holidays, this is a good time to have a picnic with my friends.
The first morning, in accordance with the original plan, I get up at 7 o'clock,then waiting for a friend to drove to pick up.
We brought lots of food with us.
We went to the wetland park.
In a bridge on the lawn, we took a barbecue for ourselves, began to eat food, play and took pictures.
We played on the grass.
To be a full afternoon, completely relaxed once, we are very happy to play.
After the play, the next time to help the family to did the housework, Tired let me know a good life hard won.
Among all the highlighted topics, one is " student's cheating in exams".
As for this topic, every student has his own interpretation.
Some of them hold the negative idea that cheating in exam is not a big deal.
They often take it for granted that copying other student's answer.
However, honest student claim that cheating is a kind of wrong and shameful behavior.
On my own term, I can't agree with it more.
Honesty is important because the world runs round by our inter-trust with each other.
If there is no honesty in this world, there would only be chaos.
From childhood, we were told to be honest.
Honesty is the traditional virtue of the Chinese nation, and we all recognize that.
But we failed to realize how important and necessary to be honest.
We put all our attention on the results, even as the cost of cheating.
As a matter of fact, what can you do with the grades by deception, you just lied to yourself.
To be more specific, cheating make no sense.we can obtain a lot and lose so much.
But being honest should always be with us.
If we bear ourselves in a deceptive and dishonest way, we may succeed temporarily.
However, from the long-term view, we will be a loser.
So my opinion is that we should be honest person no matter how the grades.
And we should lay on great importance to this problem.
As the saying goes that the people who have lost faith in this world is dead.
Only in this way can we keep our integrity, kindness throughout our lifes and that's a life worth living.
I think that parrots do the best pets.
There are lots of causes of this.
First, parrots can live for up to 50 years.
Second, it is easy for parrots to reaction your mood.
For example, you will be made happy by parrots when you feel sad.
Third, parrots are clever enough to repeat what you say.
They say so funny that you may laugh happily.
In the end, it is nice to see their colourful fur.
As a result, it is a good idea to make parrot because it is really cute.
My dream is very common .
It is a graduate can do a teacher.
Every morning for eight late five working time, can have a rest on Saturday and Sunday, have the freedom of the time to arrange.
Every holiday at home can be well with parents and talk, do household chores, take parents to wherever they want to go.
I'm an indifferent to the comparison, don't like to compare, like light life, the more like and parents on time, so my dream is to have a good job, there is enough capacity to support himself and his family, and the rest is willing to spend in their parents' side.
I think that be a teacher is very glorious, and can look at those small country flowers in his hands grow up, this is a kind of glory.
So, I want to be a teacher.
In this world, the love from parents is pure and no selfish.
The parents always want to give their all love to their children.
For example, when their children want to have a night at their friend's home, they always worry about their safe even if their children have called them.so it is not difficult to find that they will call their children or their friend's home telephone to prove that whether they are safe.
There are many people to argue about it.
As to this question, in my opion, parents should have certain reservations in giving love to their children.
At the beginning, we must admit that the parents giving their love to their children is right because children are their hopeness.
However, whatever we do something, we must have a certain degree.
There is no expection that parents give love to their children.
In other words, parents should have certain reservations in giving love to their children.
What's more, excessive love may cause children loss the competence in the life, on the contrary, they will develop many bad habits such as selfish, self-centered.
At the same time, they may loss the competence in the study.
For example, some parents accept idea that only if their children have a good healthy body, they can provide all to their children.
So it is simple to find some of this kind of children have a bad habit in the study.
In addition, when the parents have certain reservations in giving their love to their children, they can give their children much things that they cannot give them forever.
Firstly, their children can have an independence habit.
Secondly, they will know the love from society and friends is as important as the love from parents.
they will be easy to go into the group.
Thirdly, they will have more confidence.
To sum up, parents should have reservations in giving love to their children.
However, when parents have the reservations in the love, they cannot let their children feel they loss the love from their parents.
So it also need a right degree.
today,The teacher held a pig race,The class is divided into two groups.Each group has an eleven student.
The teacher put a pig pictures are on the blackboard.
Then,send a eye patch in each group.
The rules of the the game is:every classmate wearing a blindfold on pig on the blackboard one point.
As the start of the game, the students take turns to draw on the blackboard and to guide team members.
because too many people to guide lead to paint classmates listen not to know which direction.
In the end, the picture is a complete.
The student looked a pig picture feel very interesting.Most important of all, I think we should develop an interest in it.
Nowadays,fewer and fewer students pay less attention to spell in studying English.Many students usually practice to improve their English.But they never due attention to spelling rules.It is crucial for young people to study English.If people always make mistakes in writing he will always make mistakes in life.
I think students never due attention to spell,because their practice are not enough.
And they don't check their article.So,They always make mistakes.They should read more English articles not only to gain knowledge but also to broaden their scope to change this condition we must know about right spelling rules.And we can do more practice in writing.
I suppose that we can raise spelling a lot.
With the development of society,more and more people learning English online ,so do i .
there are three reasons for this ,Firstly,online have a variety of material, we can choose to sui their own materials which can improve our study interest ,Secondly,we can freedly and relaxing communication with the virtual people in the internet, it will improve our expression ability before we know it ,Thirdly, when we remember the words can use while typing out ,this can improve the speed of memory words.Learning English online not only heighten us learning interest but also helps us find better ways of broaden our Engish knowledge .
computer to the best of our ability learning English well.
Bill gates had predicted that with the development of the technology, the paper books will disappear in future.
In other words, it means the e-book may replace the paper books.
During these years, I have found that growing individuals begin to read the e-book.
It appeared in 1990s.
nowadays, the book has sprung up in our modern life.
We should think if the e-book will be necessary in future.
With no doubt, every one knows that the e-book has many advantages.
First, it can make the accumulation and the spread more conveniently.
Then, it can store lots of information .it is smaller than paper book in size .it is easier to carry it everywhere.
In addiction, it is made out of electronic material, and it can be used for a long time if preserved carefully.
Finally, from the view of the environmental protection, it is more environmental than paper books because it indirectly saves the paper and protects trees or the forests.
On the other hand, the e-book also faces many problems .first of all, many people have traditional reading habit, compared with the e-book, they may prefer to choose the paper books .Then, any electronic products like e-book has radiation which will cause damage to our health.
According to recent research ,people suffered the poor eye-sight ,especially the young people ,because they have read too many e-books .at the last ,there are many copies are peddled on the streets or other small shops because we can download them from the internet .books printed on paper are easily shared and resold by the bute .but e-book can act more like computer software licensed only to the users who buys them .
To myself ,I prefer to choose paper books rather than electronic books .the paper book can give me the pleasure that the e-book could not offer me .on the whole ,I think the e-book is not necessary in future.
With the develop of the society,quality of life of the residents is increasing rapidly.A lot of people buy new houses,cash for clunkers.Also,they pay close attention to food,especially like the wild birds or animals hunted as food.It's so hateful,so lamentable.
Our Earth is a warm family,all animals and plants should be protected.Animals are our friends.They are the spirits of the nature,but nowadays,some people in a frenzy just want to seek profits to hunt the wild animals.They hunt elephants for their ivories;hunt tigers for their skin and tone;even take bile from an alive bear.It's so cruel.
Now not only the goverment take measures to protect the wild animals,we can also see a lot of public welfare advertisements about this apperance,but the effect isn't obvious.Only by stop consuminer's desire can work out this kind of things thoroughly.
As a college student,I think everyone of us will be very sad when we see that the animals were hunted by the businessmen who just want to earn money.The animals couldn't alive after that,a life disappeared won't be back.Try to think,years later,children could only see wild animals from the computers or the televisions,that's so scrrouful.We must do something about that.We should realize the importance of protecting wild animals to make the ecological balance,develop the harmonious relationship between human beings and the nature.Take action from now,tell everybody around "no business,no killing".Protect the rare wild animals,protect nature,and protect the environment.
Welcome to this year's English speech competition.
I'm L, chairman of our students' union.The annual English Contest will be hosted and the topic of this year is "The English Novel I Like Best".
I feel greatly honoured to mention some important points.
