So, if the food is unsafe, it must be a big problem.
Nowadays, China is facing a serious problem:the food safety.
In China, we are familiar with the words like Sudan red, lean meat power and so on.
The food safety problem cause a lot of harm to our country.For example, the unsafe food is really harmful to our health, people will be easy to poison when eat the unsafe food, serious can lead to death.
Food safety problem will also lead to social unrest, and affect our country's image.
In my opinion, in order to assure food safety, the government should enforce law strictly, the producers should also develop a good sense of producing safe food.
I lost a book in the big classroom, No.
 this Sunday.
The name of the book is "How to improve your English".
I borrowed it from the library.
So if anyone find this book, please call 612345678.
Thank you for your help.
The chart shows that college students who are taking part-time job have increased a lot.
According to the chart, we can know that almost no one takes part-time job in 1990.
Time goes by, the percentage of college students taking part-time job has risen.
That is what we discuss now.
First of all, the rapid development of economy is an important reason.
job opportunities, which provide the possibility for college students to do part-time job.
And then there is the change of the idea about people.
College students is no longer just focus on the academic record, but pay more attention to the development of all aspects, such as work experience, interpersonal, and so on.
So the part-time job is a good choice.
As well as college students tuition fees and living expenses are very expensive, in order to reduce the burden of home.
Of course, some students are making money for a tirp or buy a present for their friends.
There are so many reasons, not list one by one here.
The trend of taking part-time jobs in college students has risen.
the students.
And it is worth promoting.
That is all.
From the picture,we can clearly see that an old women sitting on the chair in front of the mirror and talking by herself.She expressed that it is lonely without son and daughter.
I feel worry about the old women because she just have her shadow accompany.As we all know,more and more people leave their homeland to city for a well pay job and because of this,they also leave their old parents at the homeland.
It occurred to me that this deed is irresponsible for their parents.people should carry their parents together or people go back home frequently as far as possible.When our parents became old, they just need their children to come back home for a dinner and talk with them.
It is never too late to go back home to visit our parents who always waiting you come back home for a simple dinner.
Different people have different points of view.
that to the university to study , is to get a good job in the future .
In fact , The university provides a good opportunity for those who desire to learn more knowledge .
My name is F. I have a good friend named piggy.
But he went to heaven about half a month ago.
My master who is a butcher seems extremely sorry for his death and has changed a lot.
However, I don't cry for piggy's death.
On the contrary, I feel happy for him.
Although piggy suffers a lot before dying, he also gets much love and care from my master who was definitely a cold man once.
Things changed a lot these days.
I see the whole process of piggy's death, which is absolutely an unforgettable experience.
Life is what happens when you are making other plans.
I used to visit my piggy with my master or just go to his house on my own.
Neither of us has thought that we should say goodbye so early.
The scheme of buying a spring pig in blossom-time, feeding it trough summer and full, and butchering it when the solid cold weather arrives, is a familiar scheme to me and piggy and follows an antique pattern.
So piggy doesn't like the master at all.
He calls the master a hypocritical man or even a murder.
Besides, he thinks that every time master smiles at him there always a dagger hide behind.
Piggy's house is at the bottom of an old orchard below the house, shaded by an apple tree.
One day afternoon, I followed my master to feed piggy, but he didn't appear at the trough.
It was so strange, for piggy always walks around for food before the mealtime.
Just as what I though, piggy was sick.
He told me that he suddenly feel so bad that morning that he did not have any appetite.
I comforted him that everything will be OK.
Furthermore, masters would cure him well.
Piggy bending his head said: "our master is a pitiless guy.
Later, I see my master call someone to ask for suggestions.
I don't know the results, because my master do not take any further measures immediately.
However, he seems absent from time to time.
Not until five o'clock in the afternoon do my master and his little son arrived at piggy's house, armed with a small bottle of castor oil and a length of clothesline.
I know that the master must have some ideas on how to cure piggy.
Then the boy reached down, grabbed piggy's two front legs, upset him quickly.
Piggy opened his mouth, screaming.
Afterwards, master took the chance and turned the oil into his throat.
After all this, piggy righted himself.
"Yeah, I'm little moved for the reason that I thought my life meant nothing to him.
Early the next morning, I cannot forward to seeing whether piggy is better or not.
When I came near the apple tree, a strange smell came to my nose, which is from what piggy vomited.
I felt upset.
The master came again with some milk and poured them into the trough to attract piggy, but he still lied there without any movement.
Master looked depressed, staring at piggy.
Then he gave more enema and I played a role as an assistance on my own initiative, of course.
Thank you, Fred.
Unfortunately I feel I'm dying.
How I wish I could be vigorous and energetic again.
I think I will miss you and master very much.
Besides, I don't think our master a killer any more.
He is so kind of me.
Master didn't give up piggy.
He called another person in the afternoon and a vet came here and checked piggy at dinner time.
The treatment master had been giving piggy for two days was then repeated but finally piggy still go to heaven after a day.
His face had a mild look, expressive neither of deep peace nor of deep suffering.
My master feel so sad this time.
I never see master behave like this before who once was just a cold killer and didn't care too much about our life.
However, something inside him has changed after piggy's death.
I finally understand what piggy said at last.
It's right, we have a good master.
Piggy's death also trigger me think a lot.
Life is what happens when you are making other plans.
So it is necessary for us to learn to enjoy our life, do what we want to do and never regret.
Life is more than making money, many other meaningful things waiting for us to finish.
The mobile phone is more and more popular in our life, and you can see most people use them everywhere,as well as library.Nowadays, many people like to go to the library to read.
But less people can obey rules in the library.
For example, everybody recognizes themselves should keep quiet in library, nevertheless some people always use the mobile phone in the library.
In my opinion,I think use the mobile phone in the library is not really polite.
There is no doubt that if some people are reading,but your phone ringing,there is not only trouble others but also trouble yourself.Therefore,we should reduce use the phone in the library,and we can make our phone mute or send messages to each other.
Only more carefully to other people,can we have a good environment to study and live.
With university life coming .our life changes a lot ,we have many obvious opinions distinct from senior life and middle school life .During middle school and senior ,we all thought evaluating teachers in public was impolite .
While now a large number of university students demand to evaluate teachers' work .As a teacher it is impossible to make all students satisfied no matter how good the teacher is .So students evaluate teachers' work is unfair .Students' prejudiced evaluation will make some negative effects on teachers .
Teachers will be not in mood doing their work .Teachers also need students' compliment.
Things,which happen in the summer vacation,are so many that I can't count one by one.
Nevertheless there is one which is so special that I can't forget it.
One day in the summer vacation,the weather was fine.
I rode my bike to meet my friends,listening to the music and feeling wonderful.
Suddenly,I saw an old man falling down when I was waiting for the traffic light.
I was so worried that I hurried to help him.
Luckily,there were some passersby coming to help him,too.
By asking how he felt,we knew there was something wrong with his heart.
We sent him to the hospital as quickly as we could and then I informed his daughter.
After knowing what happened,she expressed her gratitude to me.
To my relief,she told me that her father was recovering day by day.
I felt very happy the whole day.
When I told this thing to my friends,they all praised me.
I realized that helping others was happy.
I have been determined to help more person since that day.
I felt that this summer vacation was unforgettable for me.
People who use mobile phone gradually growing with the development of society.And mobile phone gives a deeply influence on people,especially on college students.A recent survey of 2000 college students asked about their attitudes towards phone calls and text-messaging.Naomi Baron who conducted of the survey is a professor of linguistics at American University in Washington D.C..Baron summed up his own opinion which is "What college students like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people,and what they like least is that other people can reach them.
"In my view,I also find some problems about the using of mobile phone,especially college students.So I agree with Baron's opinion.
Mobile phone gives a deeply effect on college students' life.In modern society,most college students are lack of the ability of communicating with other people.They always live in their own world.For example,if college students have parties with their friends,they usually don't communicate with their friends.They always play games or go surfing by mobile phone in the corner.While college students have problems,they would use mobile phone to contract with their old friends.A lot of students don't want to be bothered by other people.College students always think that staying alone is very cool.They are reluctant to answer if old friends often call them.It may be thought of annoying.Moile phone makes college students feel difficult to communicate with other people.
In conclusion,college students should frequently communicate with other people by mobile phone.And mobile phone just was a way to communicate with figures.We could not lessen communicate during using mobile phone.Phone calls and text-massaging would make people's relationship close.College students could show loving care for their parents and old friends.And we should not let phone become a obstacle when we use it.We should use mobile phone correctly.
With the growth I the living standards, people prefer to have a holiday during their leisure time.
As a result, the number of visitors increased obviously, especially in those sites of historical interests.
Facing the excellent situation, many famous sites of historian interests in China have begun or are considering charging tourists higher entry fees during peek travel seasons which has aroused a lot of public attention and also public debate.
As far as I am concerned, I support the decision because of the following reasons.
In the first place, more money has been spent to preserve the sites of historical interests due to the price inflation.
The company who is charge for the sites of historical interests has no idea but charge tourists higher entry fees to maintain their operation funds.
In the second, a charge higher fee is an effective way to control the number of visitors during peak travel seasons.
Peak travel seasons mean the majority of people have free time to travel.
Visitors crowding, especially at certain spots and certain times will cause many problems, especially the heavy traffic.
More people, more bad things will happen.
Besides, the nature of these tourism attractions lead to it should be well preserved.
Not all the tourists are well educated and really interested in the history.
Crimes will easily happen due to the crowd of people.
Some of the tourists may damage the environment or equipments of the sites.
What's more, high entry fees can control the number of tourists under a reasonable rage.
What's the most important of all, a certain rising ticket price for sites of historical interest is able to be accepted by tourists.
Higher entry fees don't mean fewer tourists.
Higher entry fees can't stop these who are really interested in history.
With the reasons I have been shown above, we can see the reasonable part of charging tourists higher entry fees, different from other tourism attractions, such as zoo and the amusement part, which is built for entertainment, his historical sites, as the cultural heritage, which need well preserved.
The truth is that the event of damage the features of historical sites happened occasionally.
The tourists should understand and support the decision.
Then more reasonable outing schedules will be made by tourists.
The tourists among different destinations will be balanced and contribute to the sustainable tourism industry.
In recent years ,an increasing number of people are mesmerized by e-book.
Undoubtedly,e-book is more convenient than the real book which is made from the papers.Generally speaking ,the advantages of e-book is divided into three categories.Firstly,e-book is much smaller compared with the real book,therefore,it is easy to bring .Secondly,e-book can hold a large number of books at the same time,we can choose what we want to read randomly.Thirdly,the real book always cost much money,e-book is cheaper than it.However,reading e-book too long will damage our eyes.What's more ,the real book has its own unique meaning that the e-book does not have,and we should not neglect the real book's importance during our daily lives,for that we can make notes in the real book,moreover we can store the real books.
I hold that e-book is no less necessary than the real book .Some business men are often busy with their work,reading real books will cost them a lot of time ,so e-book is much suitable for them.In a word ,e-book will be a necessary in the future in this modern city.
There is something worth thinking about that happened in society today.Some olds faint on the road but nobody would like to give a helping hand so that many olds are wounded even death.the reason why these take place is we do not believe in others.Last Friday,our school happened a thing which make me very moving!
Between the lessons in the afternoon,a student fainted,as soon as they classmate saw this,they called on teachers to ask for help and sent him to the hospital immediately so that he got treatment on time.When he parents heared about this,they hurried to hospital and appraciate them very much who help their child at risk.
Those who bring sunshine into their lives of others,can not keep it from others.remember this,our world must be better.
With the development of science and technology GMF are more and more pervasive now.
Every thing has two sides.Genetically engineered food production technology has its advantages and disadvantages .Some food can not produce,but genetically engineered food production technology can produce new food .
more and more food.
It can solve the food crisis.While GMF have disadvantages,it may produce the bad food.
And it may lead genetic mutation.lIn my opinion,we should use the genetically engineered food production technology properly.The world will become more and more harmonious .
To be honest, I am always not good at dealing with little babies.
When I go to relatives', faced up with their babies, I usually don't know what to do.
My mother likes child, she will always hold them and make faces to amuse them.
But in my eyes, those babies are easy to burst into tears and difficult to be amused.
And I can't make faces to a baby; I can only stare at it awkwardly.
Sometimes I will be to blame for letting them cry.
So I think keeping away from the baby is a good idea for me.
Once in a bus, there was a mother holding her baby sitting in front of me.
The baby stretched its hand to me, staring at me with its sparkling and dark eyes.
It was so innocent that I stared at it too, smiling naturally.
At this time its mother turned to me.
I thought that she might keep her baby away from a stranger.
I stretched my finger to the baby.
Seeing the little hand holding my finger, I felt touched, which is a feeling of being trusted.
Nowadays,owing to increasing social pressure,people have commenced to be more concerned about recreation.Accordingly,keeping dogs or cats,which could bring delight to the masters,is definitely one of the trends.Personally,I believe dogs are more practical than cats.
Traditionally,dogs are admittedly deemed as our loyal friends and also acts a positive role in daily life.From a faithful friend from childhood to a console to the old,dogs indeed fulfil their commitment as our intimate friend.Moreover, dogs won't leave masters however wealthy or destitute they are.Compared with dogs,cats tend to forget their owners merely for accommodation.Being capable of safeguarding our houses,they form an enormous danger to burglars and hence belittle our loss.Besides,trained dogs,which do contributions to fighting against drug abuse,arresting outlaws and directing for the blind and paralysed due to their keen sense of smell and dexterity,are more and more crucial and useful at present.All the tasks listed above are arduous or even impossible for cats to complete.
To sum up,dogs, in accordance with their features, are more appropriate than cats as our confidants.
From the picture we can see a man lying in the snail shell, it is a very small space area, and the computer, mobile phone and book are all around him.
At the same time, the courier bring him a meal.
This way of life we commonly known as the dwelling and humble abode.
Nowadays many young people in the house, very hard, very economical, but also lost ideal and fun, mental age of 100.
An optimistic netizens said: want to have a comfortable dwelling, going to hard work, hard work have happiness and bitterness.
A netizen heat to discuss, post wrote:"Dwelling Narrowness' in more big city is more evident, on the one hand is to be known to all the land, on the other hand is high prices.
I think, 'ants' as a special working groups, will exist in a long time.
Many years later, that rely on their own strength to struggle of people will become a backbone of promoting social progress and development.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a very important traditional festival in China.Nowadays,many people still do something to celebrate it,including me.
The Dragon Boat Festival is on fifth day of the fifth month in Chinese lunar calendar.It is used to make people remember the famous person whose name is Quyuan.In ancient years,people would put a kind of food which was called rice dumpling into Miluo River.It was said that people did such a activity to keep the fish away from the Quyuan's body.And Dragon Boat Racing was also an important activity for ancient people.And drinking realgar wine could keep the illness away.
Nowadays,we also do some things to celebrate.In The Dragon Boat Festival,I will eat delicious rice dumplings which have meat inside.For me,it is the most wonderful thing in the festival every year.Dragon Boat Racing will be held in some places,but not my homeland.What a pity.In my mind,it is a very exciting activity,and everyone can enjoy it.I wish I can see the real racing one day.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a traditional festival,and I hope the custom of it will be kept forever.And I think not only this festival but also every other festival should be spread forever.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
First of all, the population is increasing so sharply that people can't afford to the house which is located in the center of the city.
Second, overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.
For example, people have cutten down so much trees that the temperature increasing quicklier.
Third, many countries are lacking in water resources, which makes it hard for people to have enough water to drink.
People burning so much oil, which can bring poisonons gas.
To solve these problems, we should do something that we can do.
We can ride a bike to go to school instead of taking a car.
Dear Sir We'll organize a seminar next week and now I'll check some details with you.Firstly, I have booked 401 rooms in our hotel.Secondly,you should confirm the schedule with security.The last one is that one participant will be late.
I am writing to be in response to your advertisment in the newspaper for a permanent position as a kindergarten teacher.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff,because our company has won a large export order.People whose foreign language is poor .The course will start at 4.00p.m in the conference room.
I hope all the staff will attend on time .
Today.
internet is more important in our life .
we can not leave it ,we use internet on study .we can find some materials .we also read some news,watch movies.listen to the music.if we are tired ,we can play some computer games,.we can chat withour parents,we can face to face.
internet is good for us ,we use it to do some hard work ,to finish our work ,to solve our problems.
we can say what we want to say .we may make friends .the friends are from everywhere .we can buy something on the internet ,someday ,if you don not want cook and you also can not go out ,you can ordering a meal on the internet.on the other hand ,there are some disadvantages ,such as someone likes playing computer games ,and he play both day and night.then ,the people can not finish his school work.on the internet ,there are some people ,who cheats others money.and we should not trust that .
in my opinion ,we should use the internet in the right place.we can learn ,listen to the music ,watch movie ,chat with our friends and so on.but ,we should not play computer for too long time.an we can make some good friends onlines.
last we should use the internet correctly.
In recent years,we can see that chinese-style education is different from western-style education .
Chinese students work hard to know more skills well, but western students strive to step up the creativity.
It can be stated as follows, chinese teachers are fearful that if skills are not earned early, they may never be grasped, on the other hand,there is no hurry to step up the creativity .
However, American educators fear that if creativity has not been cultivated early, it may never emerge, on the other hand, skills can be earned later.
To the best of my belief, the fostering of skills and creativity are both significant goals.
All we should do is that we come up with a superior way to step up education by fostering a positive balance between chinese-style education and western-style education.
Shakespeare says that confidence is the first step on the road to success.
That is to say, confidence is rather significant for everyone.No matter if you face the pressure of learning or work challenge,no matter if it is favorable or dreadful,self-confidence is beneficial for us to make a magical change.But how can we have confidence?
As far as I am concerned, smiling is the best way to express our confidence and being positive all the time is critical to build up self-confidence.
The first reason is that smiling makes people more easy-going and more attractive and easier to get more compliment from others.
Furthermore, you will forget those low and even offensive words and have confidence to work better and better.From the other angle, positive people always like smiling though they confront failure, frustration and accumulation.
Evidently,everyone always encountering lots of trouble but not everyone is able to adjust himself to get over it.As we all know, there is no doubt that individual beauty,good ability and family background are grand advantages in terms of outstanding people, however, in my opinion,never negative characteristic is the most essential aspect in order to improve confidence.
Interestingly, the more successful people, the more problems and challenges they will meet.
Therefore, if they always feel depression and even give up quickly when they face failure, they would not achieve their success.
What's more, we should bear in mind there is no problem that cannot be solved and the altitude is the key to find the way.
Last but not least,the mood enables to change behaviour.
A person,who feels happy, will find all the things are colorful and charming.And then he will be less likely to compare himself with other people and even feel there is no great gap between the ideal situation and real self-conflict.
All in all, self-confidence is absolutely essential to achieving success in any endeavor.You acquire it by doing, learning,accomplishing and persisting.Remembering that no one is perfect.Even the most confident people have insecurities.
At some point in any of our lives, we may feel we lack something.That is reality.Learn that life abound in bumps down the road.Let us smile to everything!
Everyone's learning way is different, Each learning style are both advantages and disadvantages.
Just reading a book, for example, can lead to oral English and practice ability is bad, but just to practice oral English, pay attention to practice, can lead to not enough solid basis of the knowledge of the book.
I like relaxed learning atmosphere.The classmates together to discuss problems, if we have some questions can ask the teacher or we can also group together to solve the problem.
That can keep our friendship, also that can foster strengths and circumvent weakness.
Also we need to read the books at the same time, do a lot of problems to keep feeling in school work.
Reading more books can increase the cultural level of the students.
This is in favour of learn and master.
There are many unforgettable experiences but the deepest experience in my impression is that happened when my parents whatever on business.
They were worried about me.
My mother tells me to shut the door when I am in and lock it when I am out.
Actually I am very happy.
I make the clock ring loudly but I not listen to.
As a result I woke up late the next morning and hurried to school with an empty stomach.
I came back home as usual.
I cook meal when I get home,but I burnt it.
I felt lonely and tried.
At this moment,my parents give me a call ,my mother says many warm words.
Listening to other persons when they are talking sounds like an extremely easy challenge that everyone could manage to do it.
Hence, as a matter of fact, as a lecture is going, most of the audience's attention is not focused on the talker.
It's in a good manner to listen to anyone who is talking.
It shows respect for that man.Being a good listener not just means that you are listening, it also has the significance that you are trying to be able to get to understand the words of the talker.
I have experienced that while I was standing in front of the blackboard and making a speech, my audience were concentrating on their homework.
Nobody was looking at me.
None of their heads was put up.
In case of others hurt by me, I am always giving affection to the one whoever is expressing his idea.
Not only do show you your good manners, but to make others comforted.
That is why we should be a listener.
In addition to listening to a stranger, it should be the same when it comes to communicating with our friends and relatives.
Any one of our relationships is supposed to be treated especially politely.
Being a good listener can make the ones not only you yourself but also everyone surrounding a happy life.
Last week I went to Mount Kunming.
It was early morning and it was sunny.
The Mount Kunming is in Qingzhou of Shangdong province.
It's 421 metres high.
It's famous for "Long Life".
The "Long Life" is 7.5 metres high and 3.7 metres wide.
In Mount Kunming, I saw fresh air.
The sky is very beautiful.
There are many kinds of trees and lots of birds in Mount Kunming.
We had a picnic on top of Mount Kunming.
We enjoyed ourselves and took lots of photos.
I certainly know the answer.
This day and age, it's not uncommon to see students cheat in exams in any way.
While there is no doubt that it's wrong and meaningless for students to cheat in exams, but an incessantly increasing number of students have formed a dreadful habit of cheating in the exams.
More often than not, there will always be numerous students who tend to cheat in any exam.
Though not granted in accordance with the school rules, this phenomenon still seems to be difficult to improve.
Many severe problems have been generated, as cheating in exams is more frequent, which has turned into alarming and critical phenomenon.
These problems are most thought-provoking and should ignite our social concern.
The first conspicuous problem which cheating brings about is the loss of integrity.
As we are aware of, cheating in the exams is typical of dishonesty.
Maybe we can't have high marks in the exams, but we are supposed to first try to be an honest and upright man.
Students whoever cheat in the exams have lost their integrity.
What's more, cheating will result in indolence and depravation.
In this case, they will not only loss opportunities to study the essential skills and knowledge, but also can't devastate their future with their own hands.
Worse still, the mendacious grades achieved by cheating are unfair for those students who work hard every day, which will probably make them sad and disappointed.
It's exceedingly pregnant to stop this stupid and false behaviour.
It is a matter of great urgency to change this situation, which will bring about grave aftermath without valid measures taken.
It's crucial to prevent students from cheating in exams any more, as cheating is equivalent to stealing.
To stop cheat is to stop steal.
Only in this way can we assist students in becoming a great man who is honest and reliable and is of great benefits to the human society.
As far as I can see, it is extremely wrong to cheat in examinations, no matter what the reason is.
This behavior not only violates school's rules, but also make teachers and parents disappointed.
Remember, we should attach great significance to honesty, so that we can work harder and grow to maturity.
To make students say no to laziness, stoping cheating is of great significance.
Try all manner of ways to help students stop this silly behaviour, so we can help them come back on tracks, then work hard together for our bright future.
I think college is study place.
It is high education.
In the college will have many free time.
But oneself must have aim.
My aim very easy, it is hard work and communicate with anyone.
In the college that time is very open for me.
So I can join any active , it make me more outgoing and compete with many friends.
I am writing in response to your question about Chinese Spring Festival.First of all,the Spring Festival is the most important traditional festival in china, it is very grand and it lasts a long time.
Before it starts,people usually clean the houses because we think we can sweep away bad luck.And then we decorate the door with couplet,it means good luck.We also go shopping and buy much delicious food.Everyone is happy about doing this,especially children.
On the eve of the Spring Festival,we cook a big meal and the whole family get together to spend the wonderful night.During the festival,we put on our new clothes and visit our relatives and friends.Children often get money called hongbao from adult.What's more,people play firecrackers during these days.It is really wonderful!
I am L.I'd like to invite you to join us for a visit to the nearby nursing home for the Double Ninth Festival.
Our class plan to visit the nursing home this Sunday.We want to do something for these eldery people.
Here are some details about this activity.
To begin with, we will leave the school by bus at 10:00 AM return at 7:00 PM.
Second,when we go there we can make some dumplings for them.What's more we can give some performances for eldery people.We can spend some fun time together singing, dancing and playing games, which we hope will make them happy.
Hopefully, you would like the plan and join us.
I have the confidence that we will have a great time there.
Thanks for reading my letter.
I am looking forward to your reply and your decision.
I want to study English for different reasons.There are mainly three reasons for this .First,as the development of our country,we have to communicate with other countries more often.The effect is obvious:we should learn English well.Second,from the point of my view,it is interesting to study another language and experience new culture.For me,it is just like a journey.As a result,I like to study English.Third,studying English is necessary for workers.As we all know ,this is an advantage .
There are positive aspects and negative aspects of everything.
As for me ,with the economy developing, an increasing number of people change their careers and place of residence several times during their lives ,I think this is a positive development.
Frist of all, many people do the jobs which they don't like (perhaps because they frist choose the wrong filed of work ) and housing condition.
They think enjoy the work and life is very important ,so they like to change careers and live residence as they seek what they want .Secondly,in today 's society, some job security is lowering and many companies are dismissing highly trained .they forced to seek other career.
Finally, technology make progress ,an increasing number of people are beginning to believe that learning new skill and knowledge can directly to enhancing their job opportunities or promotion possibilities.
However , as my own experience ,in some case ,many people are afraid of changing ,especially old people ,stay at the same job they feel the security and belonging .living in the same place they find everything is more convenient ,such as transportation ,shopping,neighborhood and so on.
To sum up,in the past ,people should take a stable job and live same place during all their lives and they often do it.
Nowaday's more and more people their careers and place of residence ,it can make their be happy .So there is the good tendency that an increasing number of people change their careers and place of residence several times during their lives .
It is known to us all that there is a famous saying"Everything depends on one's attitude".Life is a mirror,if you smile at it ,it will smile back to you.
Through this matter ,I realize that how to be confident on campus is actually an attitude toward life in essence,and that an active attitude everything is very important.
Firstly,we should develop a good attitude to life.Life consists of not only sunshine but also hard time.We should be brave in front of difficulties.Secondly ,we must study hard because knowledge is power.If we have the power,we can help to build our country and enjoy life better.In order to study well,we need to do sports so that we can keep fit.We can go running,play ball games or simply take a walk after a day's study.If we do those things well,we will be able to grow up happily,healthily and confidently.
In a word ,let's greet every day with a smile.Tomorrow is another day.So my smile should go to myself,for only in this way can I gain more confidence in smiling my troubles away and live a better campus life.
Now, if you want to be a good listener I can give you some good advice.
First, when someone talk to you, you should always smile.
Sometimes, you can nod your head that can show you listen carefully.
Then if your friends speak to a long time you can't watch your watch, you should keep your patience.
Second, when they talk, you'd better face to they and look at their eyes.
To show your respect to them It's important that if you want to talk when someone talking, you should listen to his words over and then you can show your opinions.
Don't put in a word.
Both of all become a good listener.
The Parents can understand their children to eliminate the generation gap.
Teachers can meet the demand of students.
So I think to be a good listener is very important.
Flowing these ways you can be a good listener.
We had a talk about the living environment of the animals.
Forty percent of people think that animals should be kept in zoos.
First, they think that if animals be kept in zoos, they can enjoy different kinds of animals easily.
Second, they think it is good for animals to live in zoos because animals can be looked after well by people.
But sixty percent of people think that animals shouldn't be kept in zoos.
First, animals enjoy living in the wild and people shouldn't disturb their lives.
What's more, it is cruel of people to keep animals in cages because they can't move freely.
In my opinion, most of the animals should live in the wild, but some of the endangered animals should be kept in zoos so that they can live better lives and survive.
We should write some articles to let people know the importance of animal protection.
I inform you that you will get a foreign language course.Because our company has won a large export order.so some of you have to learn it.
As required,whoever can speak a little English should attend.
What does the "best friend" mean to you?What sort of person can be your best friend?Some people may think we must in the similar scores and values for life.Others could require their best friend must have the identical interests and hobbies with them,so that they can communicate with each other well.But for me,my best friend is not a person like this.
We have known each other for more than eight years,from middle school until now.At that time,we were not neck and neck.I had an advantage over her.What's more,we concentrated on distinct aspects.She was keen on science,while I was obsessed by liberal arts.I was fond of sports,which was tedious for her.Even so,we are still best friends.
Now,we are in the different universities and different cities.We can stay together merely in summer and winter vacation.This year,when my birthday approached,she phoned to me and said,"I will give you a great birthday present.
"Hearing this,I didn't think it complicatedly.I just thought she would buy my favorite thing.However,out of expectation,she called me again at my birthday,saying she was in the Beijing Station .Astonished and excited,I flied to the station quickly.Seeing her,I smiled with tears in my eyes.
A Best friend is a person who will share your happiness as well as your sorrow.Above all,he must not abandon you no matter how excellent or ordinary you are.
According to a recent survey, 95%of women aged between 15 and early 40s see a doctor once a year, compared to 70%of men in the same age group.
The reasons why it appears are as follows.
On the one hand, a lot of men think they are invincible.
On the other hand, some man are scared of what might be there and would rather not know, the ostrich approach.
Ironically, most men get their cars serviced more regularly than they service for their bodies.
But the face is that most diseases that commonly affect men could be addressed by preventive check-ups.
Though regular check-ups for men would inevitably place strains on the public purse, prevention is cheaper in the long run than having to treat the diseases.
Besides, the ultimate cost far greater; it's called premature death.
From what has been mentioned above, we can come to the conclusion that men don't pay enough attention to their health, which is shown by their irregular check-up.
But in my point of view, it is really beneficial to have regular health check-ups.
Since men are more easily attacked by some diseases than women, men should check their bodies as regularly as women, if not more.
The Mid autumn Festival is a traditional festival in China.
It is the second most important festival of the year.
On that day People will return home when they finish their work.
It is a time for a special dinner.
They usually enjoy it with their parents and kid because it means happiness and happiness.
They also eat lots of moon cakes.All kinds of moon cake.
I especially like to eat fruit mooncake.
It is very delicious.
There are many activities in the Mid-autmn Festival.
For example look at the full moon.
The moon is very round and bright.
It is very beautiful.
Autymn is the harvest season in a year.
People not only celebrate the festival and celebrate the harvest.
I'm L, the chairman of the Students' Union.
We organized an outdoor activity to get close to nature and take exeecise this Sunday.
It may be a hot day, so don't forget to bring a pair sunglasses with you.
We will get together at the school gate at 7:30 and start our plan at 8:00.
It will last for 3 hours until 11:00.
The place we will go to is Guang Ming Farm, which is 2 kilometers away from our school.
We can plant vegetables and water the flowers, and so on.
Nowadays, more and more people think that reading is very important to people's growth.
A lot of people have a high sense of reading.
In every place like schools, companies and public places, they have hold some events about reading.
We can see the corner of reading books and the slogan on the wall.
As we all know, knowledge we have learnt from books is of great importance, while what is more important is to put it into practice.
Most people would study knowledge about science, society and so on from books.
Later they start to know the world in general and can deal with some problems properly and reasonably.
No matter how brilliant knowledge is, it must be applied to practice so as to examine whether it will work or not.
Reading books to acquire knowledge is the precondition of the practice.
But without knowledge from practice, it is impossible to get a real understanding of knowledge from books.
If only to read books without practice, you will never know the knowledge in books is wrong or right.
In a word, what we should pay attention to is not only the comprehension of knowledge but also the application of it.
Only through application can we know the truth of knowledge.
People who can't put knowledge into practical use can't successfully deal with the problems in daily life.
In spite of this, I tend to agreed that government can be positively affected by maintaining the native language.
This is partly because applying the native language in local people can better understand the features of their own culture.
Last Saturday my mom and dad went to visit my grandparents I'm very very happy.
Please clean up the house quickly.
It makes me unhappy.
But my chance come on.
I'm very happy now.
I played the computer game late.
Next day I got up late,so went to school with an empty break.
I feel very tired and sleepy.
I hope to my parents come back home.
I feel said and lonely.
When I come back home I saw my parents come back.
I'm very very happy.
I tell my parents what happened.
Result:the mother WIFI stopped.
I am not happy.
But in my heart,I still depend on their parents.
No matter how they tube,I still love them.
Nowadays,more and more people are using a computer to search some information on the internet,internet become more and more popular in our daily life,But as we all know,the same as the network language.
In one hand,somebody think that the network language should be ban because it is not truly right in our study.
But in the other hand,somebody against this opinion,they think the network language is a new change about our normal language,may be it can bring some different when we an old word are using.
As far as I am concerned,I also like use network language in my daily saying,I do not think it will do harm to me.
In order to make the students learn English better and better.The teachers want to find some good ways to improve our performance.Some teachers think the team cooperation is a good way.
But the students have different opinions on this teaching method.
Those who hold the first opinion think that this idea is great, First,it can make us excited to learn English.Second, each of us can make our own work to do.
Third,We can also study from each other.In contrast, those who hold the opposite view think that the students too familiar to listen to the teacher carefully.
First,it must be noisy.Second, we must talk much about the other things at that time.
As far as I'm concerned, this idea we can try, because everyone has the advantage of everyone is different we can learn and we must make student's enthusiasm in English class, It is our duty to study.
We also have to tie ourselves to talk all about English on English class.
For a long time,my dream was to get a good grade in order to be accepted by a good junior high school,and then go to a good high school.In fact,these were completed under my effort because these was the basement or in other words,a plat which can help me to achieve my greatest dream,being a student of Fudan University.
To achieve my dream,I got up early,did extra exercise,etc.
I do believe everything will pay off.And now,I have become a Fudan University student,writing this paper.My mom and dad were sleeping well,do not have to worry about me any more.Then I realize that every time I tried my best was to let my parents have a comfortable life.
Now,my dream was to have my parents sleep well in next every night.
It is important for us to have a pleasant state of mind.Everyone wants to spend his time efficiently.So,sunshine mind should be thought in you heart.Not only does it make people work quickly,but also make our body more much healthier.
It can be described as spring morning in our life.
For the most part optimistic people like to make friends with others.However, For us is meaningful to get pleasure mind.
If you want to get successful in the future.
It is necessary for us to became pleasant all the time.
your mind will in fluent around person.
There is a link between foreigner and friends for us to get achievement.
and "Never say die" My friends keep a good mind whenever and whatever ha pend in you life.
Nothing is perfect.Everyone have strengths and weeknesses.We should be in-depth analysis of ourselves,to realize that our strengths and weeknesses,and try to improve,to constantly improve their own ability.The following is myself analysis.
First.
I think I am a easy-going,sweet-tempered,gentle girl.I can get along well with others.I like English very much and I am very interested in new knowledge.When I take an English class every time,I am very hard work.I think it's very interesting and very attacting me.
Secondly.
As for my weakness,I lack of flexiblity learned knowledge cannot very application.In the usual time.I almost can't use English to communicate with others well.Sometime afraid of making mistakes,that is not very confident.Because I am a little shy ,so afraid to show myself.Everytime make decisions are usually not decisive and don't have the patience to do things.Also at the stage of knowledge lack of experience.
Thirdly.There are my opportunities.My major is tourism English that good prospects for development.School have a lot of practice bases,so for our future work provides a good condition and learning opportunites.It can let us put this to use,to accumulate more experience.
Finally,is my threats.My family condition is not very good.Talent competition is intense.I turms of my curret situation,English level 4 is still a little difficult.and only a few advantages.Some companies only recruit not recruit undergraduate students.
In a word ,through myself analysis.I will try to correct my weekness,and try to seize the oppotunity and to meet the challenge.
This is a true story that happened to my friends, Jack.
Two weeks before, He was on the way to the cram school.
Just at that time, he saw an old woman crossing the road.
All of a sudden, a tragic happened.
A truck driver drove so fast that he couldn't brake the truck, and the truck would ram the woman in a second.
And Jack rushed, he ran to the woman and saved her just the truck rammed her, but Jack found a terrible thing.
His leg is broken.
I can't be as brave as you.
I have to say my friend, Jack is really a brave and kind teenager that helps the elders without hesitation.
Wedding ceremony have many differences between eastern and western.
As a modernist, I know our culture.I should also know more western culture.
First of all, western wedding mainly held in the church.
Church respects a solemn sense.
Secondly, at the beginning of the wedding, the bride's father put her daughter to the bridegroom.
Then, the priest and the testimony of friends and relatives,announcing the wedding vows.
By and by, exchanging their rings is the most important parts in the wedding.
Finally, they kissed and implies the end of the wedding.
Getting a good education is imporant for everyone.First,you can learn from motivated,capable student from a good education,which can enrich you experience.Second,a good education means you have learnt more than other people,such as computer,dance,language,so it helps you to get more job opportunities.Third,since you have learnt spcialized knowledge and formed your own idea from a good education,you make greater contribution to society.
With the development of the economy, great changes have taken place in Chinese family life in the past thirty years.
My parents always tell me that I am much happier than them.
In their childhood, life was so tough that they even couldn't have enough food.
To wear new clothes was just a dream for my mother, because she was the third girl in her family.
We can see that family in our parents' time is bigger than ours.
They have brothers and sisters to play with, where they had advantages over us.
TV could seldom be seen in a family at that time, so if a family have one, neighbors would watch it together.
In contrast, most families today should never worry about food and clothes.
One child policy brings more nuclear families.
The only child in the family is more likely to feel lonely.
Maybe TV and computer play the role of brothers and sisters.
The society is made up of families.
Changes in our family mirror the social progress.
If every family lives a better life, the country is more prosperous.
Home is a warm harbor for every family member.
Home always gives us comfort and warmth no matter when we come back.
Hence, in return, as sons or daughters we should come back home often to look after our parents.
As sons or daughters, we should bear in mind that without our parents, we are nothing.
Therefore, we need to keep grateful all the time no matter where we are.
In addition, come back home when we are in leisure and accompany our parents as possible as we can.
If not, we should usually keep contact with our parents at least.
The government makes the laws ruling people who do not often go home to see his parents illegal is understandable.In today's society, more and more empty nest old man, the most reason is that their children are to bigger cities to look for a better job, or they were quarrelling, then, the boy decided to never ignore their "evil" "cliche" parents.In now the society, the old man died alone in the home, and then a few months or a year before he was found the phenomenon is not uncommon.We should be more concerned with the elderly.
Besides, when we are busy in providing a better life for our parents, we should bear in mind that another important matter we have to do is to give enough respect, understanding, tolerance and patience to our parents.
As our parents grow older, they will suffer more difficult in life and be slower in movement, and then we should be patient to get along with them and try our best to consider their situation.
Finally, if we can not come back home, we need to make our parents at ease as much as possible.
As we grow up, we need to learn to solve problems by ourselves instead of ask help for our parents at once because they will worry about us.
Before this, will "go home often" incorporated into the legal precedent for this approach.In South Korea, for example, to support their parents who can give priority to purchase property, while Europe is more on the spirit of "supporting the elderly" do the quantification to the "daily".Japan has ethicists put forward "the distance of a bowl of soup", namely the distance not too far, children and old people to send in the past, a bowl of soup without cool as the standard.
In short, it's ridiculous to make a law to force people to visit older people; I think people should have self-conscious to visit their parents.
It's a virtue to care about older people, let alone they are your parents.
I'm LiHua who lived in your home last year.
As a exchange student,I'm appreaciate the help of you and your family.
Yesterday,when I took off plane and got home,I found my dictionary lost your home.This dictionary is my favourate America English teach lent me,so I very precious it.BY my memory, My dictionary possbility lost at book-shelf which in my bedroom.Could you help me look out my precious dictionary?And then,post it to my home.
In addition,I will affrod postage.
I'm appreaciate it if you can give me a repiy at your earliest convience.
Yours,LiHua.
Various services, such as barber shop and grocery store, have been provided in my neighborhood over the past few years.
For the ones who expect a convenient life and more economical benefits, it will be good news that a new restaurant would be built in my community.
Admittedly, constructing a restaurant also enjoys a couple of disadvantages; however, as I consider the specific situations of my community, I firmly believe the strong points outweigh the weak points.
Setting up a restaurant may bring about some minor drawbacks, like water pollution and noise problem.
The restaurant may release waste water, and make the community smelly.
Also, if the restaurant opened late and provided drinking service, the drunken customers who left at midnight would yell and cry, and then the noise problem arose.
Nevertheless, as for as I am concerned, the disadvantages mentioned above are slight when compared to its advantages.
The restaurant can bring conveniences, especially in my community where people live there are single.
Just like me, I am tired after getting off the work, and don't want to cook, so I can stride to the restaurant for dinner.
Furthermore, a new restaurant will give me an additional choice.
If I don't like to have dinner in KFC, I can choose to go there.
Moreover, the restaurant may bring other economical benefits.
This is very important for my community because most people who live there are impoverished, and some of them are unemployed.
The restaurant may help them by recruiting employees there.
In addition, the restaurant may need other retailers to supply materials for it, which will provide more job opportunity for the residents who are willing to work as a retailer.
Also, the restaurant needs to be taxed, and the money gained from the tax can help my community to improve its living condition.
Although building of a restaurant in my neighborhood have minor disadvantages, more advantages can be sought.
The convenience and benefits gained from the restaurant seem more important for me.
Besides, the disadvantage caused by the restaurant can be diminished by several measures.
For example, the restaurant can be asked to prevent pollution and be restricted to operate only before midnight.
Therefore, in such circumstance, I prefer to agree with building of a new restaurant.
The stress, in the dictionary meaning is that add the force which makes the shape change or has a trend to deformation to one thing.
For us, with the accelerating pace of modern life, the stress seems to be a natural part of our daily life.
As a result, it becomes a kind of motivation for our study and work.
On the other hand, too much stress is a heavy burden to our life and health.
For one thing, the appropriate stress can be a kind of motivation to encourage us to study hard or work hard constantly.
For instance, if you feel stressful when one subject is a little difficult to understand or you have no idea to solve the problem, you often will have more impetus and energy to study it.
It's similar to stress on the violin string.
The enough and opportune stress produce the graceful tune, however, the excessive stress will cause the awful tone.
It is poignant and harsh.
In this point, the stress is a pedal for us.
Some scientists think that when people feel stressful, the adrenalin of body will release, and accordingly the metabolic activity increases.
Therefore, we can make use of our potential under stress.
However, for another, the stress gives rise to the poor performance because of anxiety and tension.
It certainly relates to the adaptability of different people.
If we can't handle the stress accurately, we will be easy to fall into negative mood and lose our confidence to face and settle the difficulty.
For example, before you make a speech, you are extremely nervous to face the audiences.
You may forget all the words you want to say, even if you prepare for it a year.
Just as excessive stress on the violin string, it will be sound terrible even it will disconnect thoroughly.
For this aspect, some researches show that the stress leads to some metabolic activities which are raised in hippocampus.
And the hippocampus is very important in the brain for storing memories.
Overstimulation will damage the hippocampus and consequently decline the level of memory.
In the meantime, excessive stress can also be harmful to our body.
There are so many kinds of stress in our daily life, and there is no way to avoid it.
Thus, if you can't conquer it, a series of bad effects will come into being.
These symptoms include fever, sleepiness, lack of energy, no appetite and so on.
In the long term, it will do harm to body and psychology.
Some studies indicate that the stress is the body's reaction to any stimuli that disturb its equilibrium.
And the effect of these changes can be detrimental to the immune system, at the same time, causes a significant decrease in immune response.
That is why many times when we get those symptoms and believe that we are sick, but in reality it may be because the body is under stress.
In conclusion, under the stress, we can be more excited to work hard or study hard.
The proper stress makes us more successful.
On the contrary, if the stress out of control, the stress is not only a huge burden to make us perform terribly, but also harmful to our body and mind.
Therefore, we'd better hold a dialectical attitude to treat it and exploit it properly.
I most Love Of Travel Is by plane.
The Plane The Plane quickly and easily in a Short time But the Service is Very good Sometimes offers Dinner.
In au Modes Of transport accident rate is the Lowest.
But once the accident death rate.
so try to choose a Large aircraft.
relatively safe.
The aircrafe also has many Shortcomings.
For example.
noise.
fuel consumption.
this has become a kind of fashionMedia Shopping to bring a lot of convenience, it also brings a lot of problems.
First,the media shopping for people to save time, money, effort, and a wide variety of media, shopping, buy what to buy.
However, in the media, shopping, the quality of goods is not guaranteed.
It is easy to be misleading advertising, so buy inferior products,the service is not in place in time and the picture may be slightly different form the physical.
As far as I am concerned, shopping via media brings great benefit to our life and our economy on the whole.In short, I think it should be a strong media monitoring advertising authenticity, change bad place to go, so people will be able to bring real benefits, but also make media shopping sustain development.
The word Madame should be Madam,inclosed should be enclosed,wich should be which,recieved should be received,infomation should be information,quiet should be quite,futher should be further,produkts should be products,cataloge should be catalogue,availaible should be available,diskount should be discount,peices should be pieces,compatable should be compatible.
Nowadays, with the development of economy and technology, the life becomes gradually colorful and convenient, but it also brings a large of environment problems.
And it's necessary that we should know the importance of waste sorting and learn how to deal with rubbish.
As far as I'm concerned, I think it's our duty to pay more attention to protect our environment.
There are some points about waste sorting as follows.
Above all, waste sorting is putting the rubbish into suitable place and reasonably using them.
For one thing, waste sorting is benefitial to reduce environment pollution.
A large number of abandoned materials are great harmful to human being and animals., such as batteries and plastic.
For another thing, it's the fact that waste sorting is helpful to resource saving and materials recycling.
By waste sorting, we can reduce the use of resource.
In short,waste sorting is playing an important role in our life.
And it's our responsibility to protect the environment.
To achieve our life more and more better, we should gain more knowledge.
From now on, we shouldn't throw rubbish and try our best to waste sorting.
And it would be better that if we can influence morn person around us to do.
Reading the "how the steel was tempered" book, feeling deep.
And the book described a person named PaulKe Cha Kim, and the development of this book is surrounding his growth,arise and fall.
We should know the spirits of Paul, such as firm convictions, a correct world's outlook and a correct outlook on life and value.
I had remembered a sentence in this book, that is, "Human life is precious.
All of us known that life is a winding and rocky road.
All of us will encounter so many problems in our daily lives.
However, all the problems are temporary.So,we should build a correct world outlook and have an active attitude towards life.
In fact, in this world is not born heroes.
My ideas are as follows: first, we should treasure our lives and cherish the time.
Every second is precious.
Second, we should do things that it is time to do.
Third, do not give up.
We should have a positive attitude.
And we can not flinch when we meet questions.
We ought to believe ourselves and just do it.
Last but not at least, we ought to be grateful and learn to thanksgiving.
If you are in the troubles, you can think of Paul.
You should believe that victory on the front.
In a word, we should learn from Paul.
"The most precious is life, life is only once per person.
One's life should be spent, looking back, should not idle away one's time and regret, and he will not because of mediocrity and shame... ..." After reading the book, I have an active attitude towards my life.
And I learn to treasure my time and life.
When it comes to the mobile phone,my mobile phone is not so fashionable as the Iphone, but to me, it's low-key but appealing.
My cell phone is of the Sumsung GTs-5838 series.Looked at from far away,it's a cuboid which is about 8cm long,5cm wide,and 1cm high.The color of it is practically all black;only the brand and the edge of the only one button are silvery.
Indeed it is a highly low-key and concise mobile phone without any adornments.
Held in hand,my mobile phone is not so heavy and its volume is just fit for our hand.
Watching closely, you can find as a touch-screen mobile phone,its big screen takes on most of the front .
And there is only one button on the front.Actually there are another two keys that are transparent only becoming visible when touched.A camera lens ,a flashlight ,and an amplifier are set in the rare.Then on the four sides ,you can see buttons controlling power and volume, a hole into which we plug earphones, and an indentation containing the SD card.
Press the button,and let's come to its functions.It possesses basic functions such as calling, texting,surfing the Internet and others like games and microblog.Since it's a touch-screen mobile phone,it's easy to manipulate.Whatever you want ,just point it and you can enjoy it.
To me, my mobile phone is not only a tool for communicating but also a symbol of my characteristic, aesthetics, and style.I love it.
From the passage, we can know that the author believes that euthanasia is necessary when we can offer palliative care.
It is a fact that when there is successful control of pain, people may still seek euthanasia because they want to die with dignity.
There is no controversy about a patient's right to make other types of decisions which will cause death; moreover, legislation against euthanasia is not a safe way to prevent the abuse of euthansia.
It is in the guidelines of palliative care that medicial staff should respect patients' own decisions and choices.
For some terminally ill patients, voluntary euthanasia is the only answer when relief is not enoufh.
Over the past few years, air pollution has become a significant issue involving the public health and environmental condition.
As it is generally acknowledged that burning coal and oil is one of the main causes, from my own perspective, using solar energy is a feasible way to solve the problem.
Solar energy, which is considered as clean energy, benefits a lot to the society.
With the popularization of motor vehicles, exhaust from engines has adverse effects on human health and environment.
Just imagine what would be like if solar cars can be a substitute for automobiles.
No one can deny the fact that there would be no exhaust existing in the world which means air could be less polluted.
Moreover, as we all know, solar energy is almost inexhaustible and sunlight can be captured anywhere in the daytime.
If we can make the most of solar energy, not only the exhaust from cars can be reduced, but also industrial gases such as carbon dioxide can be cut down as well.
By and large, I sincerely hope that solar energy can be regarded as quite an effective way to deal with the problem of air pollution.
Both authorities and individuals should take measures to solve this problem which is of vital importance.
In my point of view, love is a strange motion that we can not see or touch, but we can feeling it by our herat.
First, it played an extremely amazing role in our life.
Not only the love can exist in many forms, but also it can lead to a strong power between peoples.
I said it can exist in many forms is follow the evidence.
First, love can exist in a family.
When we are get in trouble, our parents will give us a hand and encourage.
We can named this help as love.
Second, love shall also appear in friends.
We can share our feeling and any our secret with our friends.
Third, love even can happened between stranger people and the pets when we communicate with others by our heart.
All these phenomenons can proved that love is not only a simple word, but it can fill in our world.
As the Internet developing rapidly and social prosperity,Online Shopping has been expected as a popular way to resume.
For instance,marvelous my roommates buy clothes and book train tickets online on account of its convenient way and inexpensive price.More than you can imagine,this fashionable way lessens the sales links so as to reduce the waste of the resource used to smooth the marketing in some deeper extent.
Nonetheless,every coin has two sides.A large number of problems are also thoroughly exposed amid material society.What is the most serious must be the quality of the product through last-several-years reports.In the second place,there is no doubt that after-sale service has the right to knock out the confidence of consumers.So much as someone cheats us out of money by unlawful approaches.
To my personal knowledge,in order to reduce the phenomena,the government should publish a law.In addition,we ourselves should boost self-protection awareness in order not to be swindled.Only we pay more attention to it,can we have a more safe and healthy environment.Let's make a concerted effort.
Students have different opinions on this question.
The students who are in favor of free entrance fee for parks occupy about sixty persent.They think that parks are the public spaces where people can take a walk or do something else for relaxing such as having picnics.Once charging,gates and fences would be built.
As a result,city image will be influenced.
On the other hand,40 percent of students hold an opposite attitude.
They support the fee of entering parks,but it shouldn't be too much.
The money can be used to pay the workers in parks and purchase new plants to enrich the scenery.
In English law an accused men is presumed to be innocent until he is proved guilty.
I am in favor of the argument.
The reasons are as follows.
Firstly, everyone has a political liberty.
If a man was accused with inadequate evidence , it will be unfair to him.
That is to say , judging a person whether guilty or not is depend on evidence .Secondly, each person's time is limited.
Everyone do not have enough time to live in prison if it needn't.
Last but not least , the number of jails is limited.
Each year almost a third of the households in America were victims of violence or theft.
The same to china .Adding the person who was not proved guilty, the amount becomes larger and larger.
We do not have room any more.
Considering these three reasons , I agree with the opinion that one person is innocent until be proved guilty.
Based on this principle, everyone has a fair right.
The author hold the view that we should cheer fo Mterialism in our daily life.That is to say,material is the essence of our life.however,the view is not blameless.the material foundation is the basis for soceity to bulid up the superstructure.
however,if we emphaize the importance of persuing the materlal too much,we may get ourselves lost.there are plenty of casts that can illustrate this phenomenon.Duing the world war two,an increasing number of people chase after the possessions which even result the receesion of the economic.At the some time,it is not far to seek that we are the second econmical country stangding in the global world,but a majority of folks still feel vacant,Facing with the multiplying rate of the suicide and murder,it is high time that we should bring the phenomenon nito considerasion.That is to say, the material can not content the demands of mordern life.
Therefore,we have the reasonable belief that if we focus on fortune too much,we may feel depressions when confront with the social life.
Friendship is the artless and marvellous thing in the world.It can make your life more rich;It can let you enjoy happiness.
Everyone comes to the world lonely.The loneliness attacks us from time to time,let us taste the feeling of emptiness.But friends can help you out of the situation,just like to have a chat or to play games,those would make you feel the better.Friendship is a light,it will bring bright when you are in darkness;Friendship is a handful of fire,it will give warm to you when you are cold;Friendship is water,it will moisten your broken heart.
Of course,age is not a reason for that the young and the old couldn't become friends.It is up to the attraction of two souls.If they can communicate with their hearts,it maybe is a rewarding treasure-the old might teach her or his experience to the young.As the narrator's experience,Mrs.Roberton-Glasgow had taught the narrator many nature knowledge and love.
So let us value the friendship around us.Make the flower of friendship blooming in the world.
Susan Hobson whoever is a secretary have been working in the office for two years.She is honest,hard working and dutiful.As a matter of fact she is a competent secretary.Her English and German is very well and fluent in oral English.
She is competent do the job of interpreting.
I have a dream.
I dream of my life which will be better in the future.
In the future, I live in mountain where is beautiful.
My parents and parents in law won't be worried about us, and they will be living a happy life with heathy baby.
I will be a wealthy man and a tourist, and I will be traveling around world with my family, enjoy delicious food.
In the end, I will be getting back my home by and marvelous my life in the future will be very good.
Nowdays,there is a growing tendency for people to use E-Book in modern social.But there has been much disagreement over using E-Book at the same time.Many people believe that E-Book has lots of advantages.But others criticize this on the ground that E-Book brings many problems for the people who use it.
Some people claim that using such book has three main advantages.The first one is convenience.We can download something we interest in online whenever we contact with the internet.There are also many kind of books in the net which can satisfy different favor of people.The second one is that using E-Book is cheaper than using paper books.It's known to all that buying books from bookstores is more expensive than doing it from net.The last one is easing taking.E-Books can be taken in a small purse but paper books must be taken in a very big bag.
However,others strongly be against the E-Book.they think using paper book can make students feel the knowledge reality.But using E-Books cannot bring this feeling.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments,I am inclined to agree with the former point of view.For one thing,it seems to me that it is more useful to acquire knowledge with E-Book than paper book.Except for the three advantages which are said above,I think using E-Books can protect the environment by decreasing cutting trees to make paper.
We are glad to inform you that we have shipped your sales confirmation No.J-29 of captioned shipment ex S.S.:"Pearl" ,and it will transport S.S.:"Mayflower" in Hong Kong.This is about c&f according to clinch adeal.On March 15,in 2013,we have sent to you by fax,so that your insurance in a tiomly manner.
As can be showed in the drawings.Two interesting cartoons above attract my attention that portray a vivid scene of two young men's actions to show their fondness of Beckham.
How amazing the two pictures are in portraying one of the most highly debated social phenomenon of the worship.
Similarly, a young man write Beckham on his face ,another man spends 300 yuan having his hair cut in Beckham's style .The drawer's intention is highly self-evident and warns us of this serious problem.
These two pictures reveals a deep meaning that young people nowadays hold their blind worship to the idols.
The blind reverence is a common kind mental problem that has a negative effect on our normal life .Although the worship really keeps up our spirit and encourages us to work and study like our superstar, excessive reverence will render us get lost.
Thus the efficiency of work will go down.
Generally speaking, my suggestions as to the best way to cope with this problem are as follows.
Above all, every citizen should hold keen concerns on the blind worship.
Furthermore, the society is supposed to take immediate actions.
Last but not least, corresponding police are needed to be formulated by our government to resist blind worship.
Only by following the points, can we crack the hard nut as fast as possible.
Let me introduce myself.
My name is W. It is really a great honor to have this opportunity for the interview.
I'm 22 years old.
I was born in X province, China.I was graduated from Fushun Teachers College.
My major is English.I want to graduate with the highest distinction.
Sometimes I prefer to stay alone, reading, listening to music, but I am not lonely.
I like to chat with my bosom friend.
I think language is very interesting.
I think I'm a good team player and I 'm a person of great honesty to others.I feel that my strongest asset is my ability to adhere to things to get them done.
With my qualifications and experience, I feel I'm hardworking, responsible and diligent in any project Iundertake.
Your organization could benefit from my analytical and interpersonal skills.
That's all.Thank you for giving me the chance.
It's obviously that with the development of society and technology,the wechat is more and more popular in China.An enormous amount of people utilize the wechat to express their aspirations as well as communicate their thoughts.
Generally speaking,the reason why wechat is so prevalent is various.As we all know,It's convenient for people to contact with each other as the wechat provide a voice system.What's more,people can know the current affairs at the first time and spread some important information quickly through wechat.Finally,we can keep intimate relationship with our friends although we are far from each other or search friends who are around us but don't know each other.
However,each coin has two sides,So does the wechat.For instance,if we use the wechat excessively or are even addicted to it,we will have little time to study and work.As a result, we should make good use of the wechat instead of indulging in it.
Nowadays more and more students do a part-time job during their study career or holidays.
Indeed, there are some advantages.
However, there are also some disadvantages.
The direct advantage is that students can earn some extra money on their own.
It can reduce parents' stress and they will satisfy their desire.
In addition, it gives students a chance to experience the difficulties of earning money and helps them to understand their parents.
What's more, another advantage is that students can acquire more experiences and polish their skills when taking part-time job.
For example, if you enjoy teaching, you can find a job about teaching, such as the tutor.
On the contrary, there are some disadvantages.
Firstly, if you pay more attention to the part-time job, you may lose the time to study.
Study is the duty to every to every student.
Moreover, another disadvantage is that you are eager to get a part-time job, you can't identify the trap.
In a word, there are some pros and cons when working part-time jobs.
Consequently, all of us should think twice before taking part-time jobs.
And when you take part-time jobs, we can't ignore or forget our duties.
It's hard for us to decide what truth is.
We really need to take a struggle to distinguish which is correct since our perceptions maybe affected by the society and people around us.
So, probably to some degree, our perception for environmentalism is in dire need for being corrected.
It is incumbent for us to save our beautiful planet and we do need to take into account the consequences of our actions.
There is on doubt about these responsibilities.
But the danger is environmentalism is trapped into religion and we need to understand it clearly.
We are living in a secular world and we all believe in the faiths that give meaning to our life.
That's some kind of religious since the essence of religion is to believe creeds without truths and facts.
So it is with Environmentalism.
It is believed that we once have a perfect world and we are all doomed to die because of our bad actions to the environment.
But these beliefs are just the same as religion since they both have faiths that are not based on facts.
First, we never have a perfect world.
The infant mortality is high and even indigenous people were never in harmony.
Because the newly Asian travelers set about killing animals once they have stepped into new land.
Mankind was never noble or kind.
Even they had killed and ate other humans.
Second, we are convinced that we are doomed to die with so many predictions which are not based on fact.
If the prediction is proved to be wrong, they can also change into others, because there are faiths in their mind about the destiny of human life.
All of us may be distracted by some overall-held beliefs.
For example, secondhand smoke is not a health hazard to anyone and never was.
The evidence for global warming is far weaker than some crepehanger would admit.
We must know many of our conceptions are in the wrong way and not the truths.
Third, the predictors always think they are right and anybody else is wrong in spite of taking the facts into consideration.
They always think they can save others.
In fact, this is not true.
All of these characteristics are similar to the religion's points.
It is of great urgency for us to get rid of the religion of environmentalism.
We will never succeed to have a rational, flexible, objective environmental revolution with such wrong perceptions.
Only by this way will we have the courage and condition to assess what our strengths and weaknesses are.
And the most important thing is we should purify environmentalism from political.
It must have nothing to do with political.
In order to have the pure environmentalism, we have to institute a far more stringent set of requirements for what constitutes knowledge in environmental realm, to have a better system for facts.
And we should never let science be disturbed by politics or our false faiths.
What we badly need to do is to drag environmentalism back to science.
I feel so lucky that there are a lot of love around me.l think i am the happiest person in the world.My father who works as a worker in company where lives far away Shanghai .He often shows his love to me.Although he goes home twice a month,he always make phone calls to me.When l doesn't work well,he encourages me instead of scolding me.At that time,l feel i am the happiest person in the world.Afterwards,we should help others who is in trouble.Forexample,when our classmates can't work out a mathes problem,we should try our best to help them.
As teenagers, we are growing fast while in middle school.
To grow up in a healthy way, we need a lot of things.
About this question, I think a lot of parents were once thought .
First of all , as a healthy adolescents must have three conditions , concerned about the parents , study hard , fraternity and mutual assistance, health , love of physical exercise .
Then , when you have a question , you can't try to avoid it , you should have the courage to face difficulties , will it as a challenge , strain every nerve to overcome it .
Can fail many times , but one day you will be successful .
Last week, we do a search on what habbits our school students have.
We find that 25% of the students like playing basketball and30%of themare fond of collecting something that they think are useful.The amount of the students who like studying is least,about10%.
Nowadays,English become a worldwide language that more and more people learn.To be honest,i really like speaking English because i can communicate with the foreigners well.
Hundred of people consider that world will be overcame by English.For this reason,we should learn it hardly.On the contrary,we should pay more attention to our mother language.We can focus on education of Chinese and development.On the one hand,thousand of Chinese go abroad to earn money,on the other hand,we should try our best to send Chinese to brains of worldwide people.
In my opinion,i like learning English.Of course,we must speak Chinese well.And them,English becomes a communicating tool and we must understand to communicate with foreigners.It is no doubt that i will attempt to learn English and speak English well!
I want to check details for an event next week.And I have booked room for the event at number six in Huangshan hotel.I remind you to confirm the schedule with security.I am writing to tell you one participant will be late ,due to he will have a meeting on that day.
Recently,an advertisement from Thailand get very high click rate in every main web in China and has moved lots of internet users.
Simple shooting scene and the leading role with an unattractive appearance let us think that the story happened around us.
But through a simple shooting scenes, the real story is exceptionally simple moving; plain monologue by Buddhist kingdom beings love the idea of silence passed.
A simple man, doing the most mundane tasks and led the most meager salary has a soft heart hidden under the clumsy appearance.
The pot should dry under the sun died, he moved to put the pot of water at; mobile vendors Aunt trolleys were stuck in the ladder to go up, he would trot across the street to give Mother a hand; stray dogs of being was helplessly watching him, and he broke off a plate of chicken half to the dogs; helpless girl and her mother was the same knees begging in the street, he looked at the small sign in front of her daughter "grants", did not hesitate to put his wallet and pulled out the last two hundred baht to the little girl; when he came back to his home he would always hang banana on the door of his neighbour -a helpless grandmother...... this ordinary man patiently doing this seemingly insignificant little things every day, he has not become rich, he is still the unknown man, the whole world seems to be no difference ...... but we see that pot become vibrant, the aunt who owns the vendor became more kind, stray dogs become healthy and strong, and that little girl kneeling in the street begging and finally ...... the spark of love can start a prairie fire.
In conclusion,the leading role ---a simple man uses his action to prove that great love has no barrier and great change consists of every tiny performance..
As regards whether drugs should be legalized, there has been a heated discussion among the general public to the society.
With more attention being attached to the bad effect of some celebrities who took drugs, therefore, I insist firmly that drugs should not be legalized.
A series of factors contributes to my opinion.
To begin with, consciousness of the poor, people would be more indulgent and even take more drugs than they used to be if drugs are legalized.
After all, few people could control their manner whenever and wherever possible.
In addition, there is a phenomenon that many movie stars who are prestigious, took drugs and been put in prison recently.
I claim that their criminal behavior not only let their fans down, but also establish an unfavorable image to the public.
Taking drugs definitely is an extremely wicked behavior.
Moreover, if cocain and heroin readily available, terrible effect would have on public health.
Even though teenagers who lack self-control.
Balancing to the harm of legalizing drugs to the society, I suppose to forbid taking drugs and spread more drugs education to the public.
We also must obey the laws and never do illegal things which may make you regret and encumber your families.
Now more and more people lilke to play social nework ,sure .I like too.
As a young man in the 21st century.
I think that we should learn to communicate with stranger in the future .
bedeceived.
we don't too believe stranger of social network.
Finally, I think the social network is a good development .
I like it.
With the development of the Internet,more and more people choose to learn English online .English learning was becoming a part of our life.
In our daily life ,English is very important to us .However,a part of people don't have the chance to study English at school ,so learning English online is very popular for these persons.It makes us know many words from all over the world .
There are some advantages for someone who learning English online.First of all,we can do a lot of practice everyday and we can study English anytime and everywhere.Second,we can carry a dictionary or a notebook to remember the vocabularies,by this way not only can you get good grades but also you will make friends with more and more foreighner.
I think we should study hard ,only in this way ,we can reap the benefits of the hard work.
In the late 1920s,television was born in Britain.Which was regarded as a great invention.While I do not think it is a good event for human beings.
There is no doubt that television has provided different kinds of informations for the convenience of people,and has informed what the changeable world like.
Sometimes television is regarded as an educational role because of the informations which provide.While in fact,television has some negative effects on society.Television is of great attraction for many people,and the most thing they usually do is sitting down in a comfortable place with snacks,then start watching the telly.They west a lot of time on TV without doing anything.This kind of people we called "couch potato",who would never aware of that watching TV frequently is harmful since they have had poor eyesights and have become more and more lazy.
Never become a couch potato.There is little time,and so many to do.
The small quantity of carbon dioxide in the air is essential,however the growth in carbon dioxide threatens to warm up our planet to a dangerous extent.It is estimated that by 2020 the concentration will be nearly twice what it is now.This means that in the coming decades ,Earths average temperature will go up slightly.As a result,the polar ice caps will begin to melt.If these ice caps begin to melt ,the sea level will rise.As aresult,not only will many cities be drowned ,but much of the most productive farming areas of the world will be lost.The reason why carbon dioxide make the earth warmer is that carbon dioxide block the infrared radiation relieved by the earth i,which is used to radiating heat.
In that case,less heat is lost at night.
At the same time ,the wheather will be warmer an warmer.But why is the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere steadily rising?
First of all,in the last few centuries,the coal,oil and natural gas,has been burned for energy at a rapidly increasing rate.As a result many tons of carbon dioxide are poured into atmosphere every day.
Secondly,the forests have been disappearing.Right now,it is disappearingat the rate of sixty-four acres per minute.
First,we must save our forests, and even replant them.Second,we must have new sources of fuel that do not involve the production of carbon dioxide.
I think it necessary for us to live better in our life.It is like chocolates which can give us sweetness.When we are in trouble,we trust we can go out from it,because we own many friends including ourselves.
We all need friends,first,we human beings are social men,the loneliness for a long time makes us feel unhappy,so it can drive loneliness off.Besides,it doesn't disappear even if we are confronted with difficulties,fear and despair and so on.It is like other precious emotions consisting of our life.What's more,the very special friendship is that from ourselves.Sometimes,we not only need the friendship from others,but also ourselves.Because it helps us take what we need most carefully into consideration,only ourselves can get through understanding ourselves,and it is an efficient way to make us go out from the darkness.
Friendship is like the sun shinning in our life,making us laughing,brave to do what we like,glad to give our love to others,and finally own a happy circumstance.
My favorite sport is football.
And I always do my favorite sport every Saturday morning with my classmates.
We also play a game called FIFA 15 together.
And I am always the best among them.
Last weekend, we went to the stadium as usual, and then we began to play football.
And in the end of the match, our team beat their team by 1 to 0.
We were all very excited and we all took great pride in ourselves.
So, that is why football is my favorite sport.
This year I have a happy spring featival with my family.
On New Year's Eve,all the family people get together to have a big dinner in the resturant.During the dinner we have a small talk and play some games.We say some good hope to each other.For example,keep good healthe,try your best to do everything,have a good mood in this year,happy everyday and so on.
Thanks to this spring festival,it make our family people get toghther.We enjoy ourselves and in the new year we all fighting.
In China the spring Festival is a very important day, is a family reunion festival .
Spring Festival in the Chinese New year began, lasted for 15 days, it's sed they it is a combination of the western Thanksgiving , Christmas and New year, To prepare for work in the first month of the new year, it's about christmas .
During the spring festival, Main clothes to get together to enjoy the food and family .
This is general situation of the spring Festival.
Nowadays more and more people keep a watchful eye on environmental problem, especially the problem of air pollution in cities.
With the development of economy and technology, private cars become popular.
Then, air pollution followed.
My suggestion is developing new fuels.
As you can see, automobile exhaust makes our air turbid.
The exhaust gas that automotive fuel produced such as carbon dioxide will cause severe pollution to the aerosphere.
Developing new fuels can help us improve air quality.
First of all, we should use the existing energy reasonably and increase enegy efficiency.
Then, we should explore new available energy.
The present automobile fuel is limited after all.
Itis also a kind of protection to the existing resources if we find the new energy.
Developing new fueis can improve our environment.
It will bring us a clean, refreshing wrold.
Only finding the new energy can we deal with the problem of air pollution primarily.
I do believe we can find the new energy one day.
And then we can live in a better world.
It is said that the government will ban the somking by pubilshing the sigal of no somking to let no any somke in public since janrary1st,2011 because the bad influecce of somking.
Now there are about 300 millions of people somking in the china .The second-hand somke which is given out by them has influence about 540 millons of people.
More importantly, the second-hand somke annually causes the death of more than millions of people including 75% of the man and 25% of the woman.
I think my life will be interesting and colorful in the future.
I think maybe me will be going to a university, and I will became to the doctor.
Then, I will be helping to many patients, and I will be gaiving people with disabilities a lot of encouragement.
Sometimes, l will be shopping, watching movie and traveling with my friends.
l will take exercise.
For example, running, swimming, basketball and volleyball with my friends.
Of curse, l will be reading at home.
Finally, l believe my life in the future will be come true.
Long long ago ,a country has two Buddhist monk ,one Buddhist monk was very rich, the other one was poor .One day ,they were decide to travel all around the world .The poor Buddhist monk bring some thing and set out .But he rich Buddhist monk think about many things and take many things.
Time goes by ,when the poor Buddhist monk went back ,the rich Buddist monk still stay at home .So,when the rich Buddhist monk saw the poor Buddhist monk ,he was shocked and said how did it ,the poor Buddhist monk just keep smile .
As everyone knows, stress is a natural part of everyday life and there is no way to avoid it.
As the pace of modern life continues to increase, we are always feeling on the go from morning till night.
And it is hard to slow down.
It seems to us that everyone around us is aggressive.
Therefore, whatever one does, he feels under stress all the time.
It is clear that stress has much to do with the life in a competitive society.
Different people, however, think of stress quite differently.
Some believe that stress is not the bad thing it is often supposed to be.
They are of the opinion that a certain amount of stress is vital to provide motivation and to give purpose to life.
Others argue that stress contributes to one's mental decline and hence endangers his health.
According to them, relaxation, the opposite of stress, is essential for a healthy mind and body.
Personally, I'm in favor of the former view.
I think it is impossible to avoid stress when one is entirely devoted to the career he pursues.
In my opinion, it is only when the stress gets out of control that it can lead to poor performance and ill health.
From born to death, stress must be a part of our lives.
It's always with us along the journey like the disgusting shadow, showing up again and again and ruthlessly destroy our peaceful lives.
The answer is no, for since we launch upon the sea of life, we have never been still for a single moment, we are at the center of stress from all directions rushing to us, making our lives up and down.
We are trying to keep us free from stress, but any attempt is in vain.
In our life, we are in failing situation that we have to suffer various pressures, for we have to pay great effort to gain what we want.
In study, we have to sacrifice our time in homework to get higher ranking, to gain a more promising future.
In our daily life, we struggle to keep good relationship with people around us, or we may be isolated and left alone.
In our society, we are required to obey different regulations and take on various responsibilities.
When you walk in the street or driving a car, you must follow the traffic order.
If you want to find a girl friend, you need to update yourself to make you more appealing.
If you want to learn English well, you need to spend a lot time remembering endless vocabulary and grammars.
Yes, we are living a world flooded with stress brought by our greedy wants.
I am not trying to persuade you to give up your pursuance, but providing a way to survive from this tough dilemma.
First of all, we have to make it clear that you feel stressful because you are not confident.
Some may feel ashamed when pouring out stress they are suffering from.
Some may regard it as devil and try to escape from it.
All this suggest that you are not preparing well to get the final success, you are wondering whether you are capable to obtain the goal, you don't trust yourself because you haven't make a reliable plan to solve the problem.
At this moment, you need to have faith in yourself, and manage to figure out a way to go through it.
When you find a road that can possibly lead you to the destination, confidence will help you the drive the pressure away, and you will move on with hope and sunny mind.
Secondly, action is the best medicine to help you recover from being stressful.
The more stress you stuck in, the more necessity it is to calm down and switch your attention to settling the problem, every step of you action will relieve the present pressure, make you strong in the face of hardship.
Stress is part of our lives, we need to be brave in front of it.
Stress can add color to our lives and contribute to our success as long as we can handle it correctly.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
On the one hand,some of my classmates thought that we were supposed to surf the Internet so that we could get more knowledge and broaden our horizons.At the same time,it made it easy for us to communicate with our friends and share our thoughts as well.At last,we could relaxed by surfing the Internet.
Overwise,on the other hand,others did't agree with them on it.They held the opinion that disagreed to get online fequently.First,they thought it would do harm to our eyes'health.Second,if some students didn't have strong minds,they would spend much time in talking on the Internet and playing computer games.In the end,it would cost a lot more unnecessary time and energy.
In my opinion,I think that we should get online regularly.Because we can learn more knowledge on the Internet.I think that we can surf on the Internet with our teachers' and parents' help.
I think the kindness an eternal theme to human beings.
So it is what we cannot afford to lose at all.
more,I believe that if we will lose the kindness,the society would is cruel and other war would happen.
In conclusion,I think it is very important to have a kind heart,because human beings need kindness.
From the chart above,we can clearly see that the number of college students taking part-time jobs is increasing from 1990 to 2010.
The causes for this situation are the following points, the first is the employment outlook is a very serious problem for college students in the University at present, some spare time to do part-time can let them know to work hard and not easy, can realize the hard work of parents, from which we can exercise their ability to work and patience, then can reduce the burden of the family, for myself to earn some living expenses, before a person is dead reading, do not know the importance practice resulting from the society is very confused, the probability of unemployment will increase, with the development of society, the problem is more and more serious, so the school teacher to do a part-time job the students are still very supportive, but to ensure their own safety.
I think this is a good trend, because the university is mostly theoretical knowledge, to do some part-time jobs can let oneself become more calmly, do some discretion, of course if their professional and part-time jobs related to the better, not only learn very much, will accumulate some work experience and connections to the society, but also give yourself a chance and confidence.
So in my spare time might find some part-time jobs to do, even if the salary is not so satisfactory, but now is the main learning experience, exercise their own, I think a lot of unwillingly degenerates, do not want to mediocrity of university students will have this idea, there are persons who do not want to do because of the face.
Just stay bedroom in the dormitory, there is a saying, you don't have money in the face, you get rich on the back face of nature.
In business writing class, the teacher let us play a game about team cooperation draw a pig.
The teacher divides our class into two groups.
Each person with a eye mask takes part of the pig in the picture on the blackboard.
For example, First one draw the ears of pig; Second one draw the face of pig ; Third one draw the eyes of pig and so on.
The one who draw in the blackboard with an eye mask listen to the command of others.
Classmates are very actively with this game.
Classmates are tense and fierce to draw the picture.
How time flies.
Our group complete the task before other group.
Finally, the teacher announced our group won the first.
we are excited.
In my mind, a good life planning is crucial to everyone.
As we all know, each successful people have a perfect plan of their life.
So as a university student we should have plans for the future.
All of my days, in accordance with external expectations, I frequently re-adjust my life to make myself happy satisfied.
Next, I will tell you about my planning for my future.
During the next year, in the study, I'm going to study well my professional class biological and any other class.
Moreover, I will do my best to study English, I hope to past my English of cet4 and cet6.
In the life, I will find a work to earn the cost of living to reduce parents' burden in spare time.
I intend to go traveling with friends, it can be open my mind and add me on our understanding of the world.
For my more long time planning, first, I try to participate in regular physical exercise, only in this way can we have a healthy boy.
Second, I will frequently read to enhance their knowledge and Improve the self-cultivation of their own.
From my opinion,getting more non-professional knowledge outside our class is a practicable way to enlarge our opportunities.
I tend to have a stable character which is the only way to have a good job, a happy family to keep a kind.
Third, I tend to keep a good relationship with my friends,which is the greatest wealth of our life.
If there is a possibility I would like to live in the same city with my best friends.
A good plan about ourselves are always very necessary, can improve efficiency and improve the quality of life.
We should have a plan to make our lives more perfect.
Nowadays,there has appeared a heated discussion among the college students as to whether they should value the academic performance or they need to promote their communication skills.Opinions are divided over the matter.
Some students maintain that it is very important for them to get outstanding achievements.There are two factors contributing to this attitude.On the one hand,academic achievements can urge us to gain more knowledge.On the other hand,academic achievements is an important measure of a person in our country.So it goes without saying that students should value the academic performance.
However,others argue that promoting communication skills is more important.In their point of view,people who have strong communication skills are easy to adapt to society.Furthermore,good grades can only represent the success of study,but having the ability to communicate with others represents greater success.Therefore,there is no doubt that students need to promote their communication skills.
As far as I am concerned,I firmly support the view that we should train our communication skills.It is not only because promoting communication skills is the main melody of the times,but also for our country China is in need of the people who have good communicate skills.
Only if we try our best to promote our communication skills can we live a successful life.
As the saying goes: action speak louder than words .I know it from a competition.
A group competition will be held in our school and our teacher was calling on us to join in it actively last week.Without hesitation,I would participate in the activity and do my best to win the glory for my class.
But it's much easier to say what you're supposed to do than actually do it.Never have I did much training.It is the matter that entitled me with a sense of the team.
Only in this way can our honour be saved.Emerson,the thinker of America, has said:'Progress is the activity of today and the assurance of tomorrow.
'It's a pleasurable alternative for me to change myself.
You cannot improve your past, but you can improve your future.
Once time is wasted, life is wasted .
However tough the training is,I won't give up half way and I am looking forward to the moment when our class win the championship.
Last summer because of my friend Mei I have a good memory in America.
Nowadays Mei plans to have a trip to my hometown.Of course, I have a responsibility to take her to visit the famous the Great Wall.
The Great Wall represents what I believe as Chinese children are very understanding.
The Great Wall looks like a dragon stretch in the mountains.The Great Wall is the symbol of the spirit.
The Great Wall is built by diligence and wisdom.
Historically, The Great Wall helps us block the enemy invasion.
As a saying goes "one who fails to reach the Great Wall is not a hero".According to this The Great Wall is a must visit place.
Visiting the Great Wall is more than a journey,but a spiritual sublimation.
I assure you that you will like this wonderful experience.
AS a contemporary collegestudents,we should also keep up with the trend of the times .So we donot know is shopping at the mall ,but also learn to shop on the Inthernet.
Recently insome developed areas appear online shopping boom.they passed taobao ,tmall,websiteto find their qwn habitsa of goods.And through online banking payment transaction.
Some people are accustomed to online shopping .They feel so convenient,and save time .Also do dont have to go out .will be able to buy your love .
Some people does not like online shopping ,think that buy goods not so let yourself at ease.
So I love shopping .
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some students in my class think that high school students should get online.Firstly,they think getting online helps them access to knowledge and broaden their minds.Secondly,they can communicate with friends and sharing.Thirdly,they can be fun and relaxed when they get online.
The other students in my class hold a opposite opinion about this question.Firstly,they think getting online frequently does harm to their eyes.Secondly,if one person gets online frequently,he will be addicated to chat and games.Thirdly,getting online will waste them a plenty of time and energy.
I think high shool students should not get online frequently.Because if they get online frequently,they will not pay attention to their homework and their goals will go down.
Nowadays since the whole nation has stepped into an aging society, a lot of issues concerned with old people have been a hotspot which then stirs up people's dispute.
For both young people and old people, when facing this inevitable issue, they feel they fall into a dilemma.
Thus, before making a final decision, they certainly will consider a lot.
As far as I am concerned, it tends to be a better choice for young people to let old parents stay at home.
Many young people hold the view that to send parents to nursing house will be a nice choice since parents can get more prudential care there.
There is no denying that more medical facilities and professional nursing workers will better ensure old peoples' physical health.
But they ignore a more important point.
For most old people, to keep health mentally is far more essential than just keep health physically.
What they want is the care from family members rather than from someone else.
If they stay at home, pass their rest lifetime with children, they will get a sense of existance and satisfation.
Thus, parents can keep a good mood everyday which is also benificial for their physical health.
Some young people think that old people will be happier in nursing house since they can get to know many new friends and get the chance to take part in many activities there.
Things are not true actually.
For many old people, they have already get used to their usual rountine life, so it may not be esay to adapt themselves to the strange enviroment very soon, for some, they can never accept new life.
Under this circumstance, they may feel even more lonely.
This is certainly not benefit to old people's health.
There are other young people who frankly point out that they are busy with career prospect, and this forces them to sacrifice the sweety time which they can company their parents.
Career prospect is definitely important, however there is one thing which is highly valued.
Time is relentless, it will take everything away.
If we don't express love to our parents, chance will not be given again.
Parents is precious.
This is everyone acknowledged, so we all hope our parents a happy and safety twilight years.
To those who send parents to nursing house, we cannot deny their filial piety, so as to the good aspects that living in nursing house manifested, but comparing with letting parents stay with families, the former seem not so perfect.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a model.I am a 21-year-old student and woulf be able to work during my summer or winter holiday,in January,February,June and July.
I don't have any professional experience, but I ardently love working,I think it's interesting that as a model.
When I leave university, I want to have a try.
I would be very thanksful if you could offer me more information about the job.
I look forward to your reply.
With the development of society, people produce more and more rubbish daily.
Therefore, waste sorting has become very important.
Waste sorting that means we should take the rubbish for many kinds and put them in different bins when throwing out them.
Nowadays, most people have not the habit of waste sorting.
Usually, they throw their life rubbish, such as plastics, papers, broken things and so on, they all into the same public bins, didn't realized whether they can be recycle or not.
In fact, waste sorting is very simple, such as plastics and papers, we can be recycled or reused.
If the plastic bags throughout the land, it might pollute the environment and bad for our health.
What's more, throwing the waste unsorted it taken up great land which will make the shortage of land.
So, we should building of the landfills in order to let less waste have to be burned or buried, resources waste and pollution will be reduced.
