The flowers are life, because its existence is an indication that it will open.
Whether beautiful, ugly, it will be the most beautiful life for it a moment of reservoir power.
Belief, the person is living need faith, heaven and earth and all things need belief.
Because of the faith, life will be colorful; Also because of the belief, the world will change with each passing day happened the big change.
Faith is the dark before dawn split heaven and earth that a brilliant light; Faith is the boundless and indistinct sea even soaring into the sky above the a lighthouse, Faith is in all ages never dried up river; Faith is boundless in the desert oasis; Faith is... .
Faith belongs to every life.
At the same time, faith will make every life more brilliant.
Welcome to our section on English Writing.
This section offers information on punctuation, figures of speech and quotations.
There are also useful tips on various topics including letter writing, resume writing and essay writing.
Whether you learned how to speak Spanish or Chinese or another language prior to learning English, you will certainly gain knowledge and proficiency in the English language by studying this information.
How time fly,the National Day Holidays is coming.
Different students will have different ideas.
however,at the same time ,there are some students will be more likely to stay at school.
Becase they want to do some work for an factory to make some moeny or travel to some interests of history near the city of Nanjing.
And last ,I want to talk about my plan .I plan to go home to see my gradpa and gradma.Because I think they feel very lonly,I have the duty to company them more ,I love them !
Today I tend to introduce something about my hometown.It is Liuzhou.Liuzhou is the second largest city in the Guangxi province.It is also a factory city.
In recent years ,Liuzhou has a large change on many sides .It has become more and more beautiful .I have lived there for 20 years ,so I realize lots of things about it .In my memory ,Firtely,there are many interesting things happened in Liuzhou .Liuzhou is ablaze with lights at night.So the people in Liuzhou have rich and colorful night life .They like enjoying .So It is extremely energetic when you go out in the night .You can find many ways to have fun.
And that It is a industrial city .Secondly,there is some fame enterprises such as Liugang Wu ling and a voice of gold So ,Liuzhou has a very strong economic strength.
Thirdly,Liuzhou has become more and more international ,when the national day is coming ,Liuzhou will hold a carnival .At that time many foreigner friends will come to attend the carnival including some famous stars .In those days there are many sorts of activities.Liuzhou has a great deal of decilious snacks .The most famous is luosi noodles,I do like It so much.
Liuzhou,s natural scene is also awesome .The mother river Liu River is very clear .Now Liuzhou has made much progress.
Though Liuzhou is not very famous In some places maybe it is so poor .Liuzhou has made a large contribution to the Guangxi province .The people in Liuzhou are friendly .We are so proud to be the person of Liuzhou .Because we believe it will be more and more strong .Theseall I want to describe about my hometown ,If you come to my hometown I will give a warm welcome to you ,so just come on.
According to the recent survey, there are flooded with fake products in the market.
Here are just a few reasons.
It's not only the protector's hope of such huge profits that's caused the fake products frenzy, but also the lake of the supervision and loss of corresponding law provide cradle for these numerous fake products.
And, the most important is that the fake products can do great harm to both consumers and society.
For instance, there is no doubt that the fake products will damage the consumer's health even endangering consumers' lives when they buy a fake medicine.
Besides, because a lower price --the wrong price signal that fake products usually sold, the market could not intellectual property system realize the most rational disposition of social resources so bring about large economy losses.
Last but not least, the fake products will affect china's image in the world, due to the bad image, investors are afraid to put money in our economic society.
In conclusion, these seriously undermined the legitimate rights and interests of consumers, affecting the whole social harmony and stability.
So it is necessary to taken measures to prevent the production and sale of fake products.
First, laws should be made to stop fake product production.
Producers and sellers of fake goods must be punished severely.
Second, people should be made to realize the harm of the fake products and effuse to buy them.
The whole society should pay close attention to the problem of fake products and launch a campaign against to them.
Only in this way can fake products get rid of the market in the future.
As we know, In both China and foreign countries, social practice for our college students more and more important.
There are two kinds of people in university.
some people are theoretical geniuses but practical idiots.
The talk a lot but do very little .
when they in trouble, maybe they don't know what should their do .
How to solve the problem.
Take part in social practice more people get to work the ability and social experience.
In my opinion, as a college student , high school and college is different.
In the university, we should take more all kinds of social practice activities in peacetime to expand our intercommunication scope.
Because i belive that those who have more experience will make more contribution to social development .
So, in social practice , we can surely make progress in both knowledge and ability .
It is very useful to you get a good job after graduation.
Last Friday at school there was a moving thing and I realised how nice people are and what a great group we are in.
During a short break between classes,a girl in our class fainted.Maybe because of her busy and exhausted schedule.There was no teacher so the classmates who were next to her carried her to the hospital immediately.
Because of their help,she got her treatment just in time before it is getting too late.Later her parents came to the hospital anxiously and were told that their little daughter was fine.When they calm dowm,they really appreciated the help of the classmates.After going through this thing,I was deeply moved by my helpful classmates.I learnt that in a team,the membership and teamwork are very important for us to make progress together without anyone fall behind.The most important thing is, we care about each other.
So from now on,let's care more about others and help each other to go through the all the difficulties.
During the recent years, dramatic increase in the supply of venture capital in most EU countries provided access to risk capital financing for entrepreneurial companies.
However, some aspects remain distinctively European, such as a more global investment perspective, and different interests in industries.
European venture capitalists clearly consider it crucial to be able to invest outside their own country and have a strong preference in sectors such as telecom and technology.
Therefore, it is critical that US firms consider the situation carefully and stay calm when making a decision to invest in Europe.
Moreover, European venture capitalists tend to invest much less in early-stage deals and are less likely to frequently monitor their firms or to sit on the board of directors.
That fact might be one possible explanation of the lack of evidence of a positive role of venture capital on firms' growth.
In the long run, VC in Europe, as a crucial step to foster entrepreneurship, competition, innovation and growth, still has a long way to go.
Research findings show that Curiosity can make a pretty good effect on a person's life.It can enlarge our mind and enhance our interest in what we are doing.So we should cultivate our curiosity appropriately.
As is well known that people are born with curiosity,Therefore,it's unreasonable to limit the development of Curiosity.Especially,we can't influence the development of children's curiosity.That is to say, we can't force them to follow your own thoughts.
They possess so much imagination.
It's a precious resource.
There is a famous saying:Curiosity is the source of creation.
It can help us achieve unbelievable success.
As far as I am concerned, we should always keep curious.
At least, it can make us be interested in what we are curious about.
Andersen is one of the most famous writers in the world.
When he was young,he's family so poor that he couldn't go to school.
He was born in 1805.
At the age of 14 he worked for the theater.
He was very lucky because some nice people help he to go to school.
He began to write when he was after graduation.
He was very popular because he was write more than 160 stories in his life.
He was dead in 1875. we are still influenced by his stories.
Most of us like him.
This time, we take in about AIDS.In class,we saw some picture about who acquire AIDs.From their eyes,faces and bodies,I can feel their lost their expect of life.I think they are so misfortune.
But today,there are also have many people who can't understand and accept those misfortune people.But acquire HIV is not their force,isn't it?They need our hug and they won't heart we if we touch they in some right way .We should help they,because all of us are the member of earth.We are a big family.Please don't regarded they as dvils or pest.
If you get HIV,would you want people tiresome you?Obvious you wantn't.
AIDS means death and AIDS will confiscate your happiness,health,live and so on.So to learn how to protact from AIDS also is important.Disordely life,far away from drugs and pay attention to yourself hygienism.
That's all the thing I want to talk adout AIDS.
Thanks.
I know you want to teach English in China, now QianJin Middle school needs an English teacher at once.
If you want, you can come here apply for this position.
Generally speaking, the working time for a term.
On the one hand, you need to teach the oral language in two class and have ten lessons per week.
On the other hand, every week you have to prepare an English outdoors activities, which make students build interest in English.
In addition, we are able to offer a round-trip ticket and each month will give you 4000 of the wage.
Of course, we will also provide a free accommodation.
Welcome you to China.
One thing I should have persisted in doing is working hard.
It was a pity that I have not been working hard in senior high school.
In junior high school, I work hard to achieve my goal and to realize my dream.
I hoped that I can be admitted by a better university.
Nevertheless in senior high school I was changed.
I became lazy and didn't work hard any more.
I didn't know why I was changed.
I didn't know why the strong will of entering a better university disappeared.
Because of the laziness and the weak will, my dream didn't come true finally.
Up to now, I have appreciated why I was changed.
The key to the question is that I haven't held on.
I didn't persist in learning in the free night.
I didn't persist in writing an essay and reading in the early morning.
In the future, I can persist in doing one thing I should have persisted in doing.
Nowadays an increasing number of people believe that fate is decided by one's character.
Whereas others argue that fate is up to itself.
As far as I am concerned, I agree with the latter opinion that fate lies on many random factors.
For one thing, surely, personal character plays an important role in our life.
Those who are outgoing can easily get friends and those who are considerate always succeed in accomplishing complex tasks.
But it is education, surroundings, circumstances, those factors we can't control that mold one's character.
For another, apart from one's personal character, a lot of factors actually affect our destinies, such as current social conditions, family background, intelligence, health etc.
For example, a famous Britain documentary film called '49 UP' just shows that family background has a huge influence in one's life.
I don't mean to deny the significance of individual efforts.
Quite the contrary, on account of so many things out of hand, the only thing we can do and we should do is to improve ourselves.
As an old saying goes: God helps he who helps himself.
Due to the development of science and the internet, we are much easier to access to online education.
Although computer gives us fast and marvelous education information, I'm still holding the view that computers will not take the place of teachers.
Most significant factor is that students and teachers can communicate with each other when having face-to-face classes.
If any students raise some questions, teachers are able to comprehend their thoughts and use simple words or list examples which help students to understand and solve the problem.
Actually, there are various types of students.
We shouldn't teach every student in the same way.
However, computers which consist of software can not take different educational methods with just simple and direct answers.
By contrast, through regulating their teaching methods according to different kinds of students, teachers can take more effectively education.
Last but not at least, through the process of learning knowledge, students not only aim at attaining knowledge itself but also experience the process of thinking and the way we communicate with other people.
With so many reasons I have listed above, I can come to a conclusion like that:teachers never be replaced by computers.
Firstly the purpose of Christmas is to commemorate the birth of Jesus.
Later on, Santa Claus, Nicolas was born in a small city in the fourth century.
His parents were relatively wealthy.
Unfortunately, both of his parents died when Nicolas was very young.
Therefore his parents left a large amount of money for him.
When he grew olde, he gave whole money to the poor.
Then he became a loyal Christian.
Because of his loyalty, he became a bishop.
Throughout his life, he did lots of charity works.
Additionaly, he especially loved to help the poor in secret.
His nickname was Santa Claus.
It was from a dramatic story.
After he died, he was called saints.
The old man wearing a red hat with a white beard is SantaClaus.
In every Christmas, he drove on a sleigh pulled by deer from the north.
When it comes to the custom, we frequently eat turkeys at Christmas.
Furthermore, we usually decorate a Christmas tree by using some neon lights and tiny bells and in the top of the tree, we always put a big star or an angle.
Additionally we exchange our gifts.
I'd say that it is also necessary to mention the day how I went through.
In the morning, we took the bus to the Happy Valley.
We set up a party in a fancy restaurant with a luxurious decoration.
We played extremely funny games.
It was our honor that the European family we invited did come here.
They told us the interesting history, strange culture and conventional custom of Christmas by telling us Christmas stories.
The stories did impress us a lot.
In the afternoon,we took almost all the stimulus projects like the roller coaster which were approximately 200-meter-high.
By the large, this was the most remarkable Christmas Day that I have ever spent and it is obvious that I learned a lot about Christmas.
The author write about father's love very carefully,she describe father's words and father's appearance,we can feel how deeply influence her father gave her.And she also express her love strongly to her father.This enmotion is moving.I think the order of some sentence need some change.
I'm glad to introduce you to the Summer Palace.
It is in Beijing,in China.
It is over 600 years old.
It made in 1750 and it built again and again.
The foreigner from England and France destruct it again and again.
It is very big,almost 720000 square metres big,and almost 24 kings live here.
There are more than 9000 rooms,it means live forever.It builds by man.
It has a big garden behind the Summer Place.
There many people live to make Summer Place clean.
It takes people 14 years to build it.
In my opinion, it so big and beautiful that I hope I can go there with my good friends again.
But it takes many people and golds make people very hard.
with the reform of chinese higher education, more and more colleges and universities put emphasis on nurturing students' abilities.
as a result, elective courses are available not only for excellent academic performers but also for students about the average level.
certainly, students have different reasons to choose their own electives.
for some, practical skills are the essence of college education, and therefore, courses on computer science, marketing, and finance are highly preferred.
on the other hand, others may hold the idea of liberal education and electives concerning literature, history, and philosophy are the most welcome.
take me as an example: being a disciple of free education, i stand for the notion that university is not a place for survival skills, but a palace of knowledge and critical reasoning.
although my major is chemistry, the electives i attend most frequently are english literature, an introduction to classic music, and different schools of western painting.
they really widen my horizon.
When someone refers to the moment touched me most in my life, I'll drop into silence with various segments thrilling across my mind.
I would like to talk about the moment occurs recently on campus.
It was the forth semester during my study in the university as the weather was getting cold.
A friend that we haven't seen each other for almost half a year told me that she has sent me some between-meal nibbles.
I was so happy and went downstairs to get the gifts from the express delivery.
As I went out of the gate of our dormitory, a silhouette in the thick black overcoat with a big luggage carrier standing by attracted my attention.
I was unapprehensive that a girl was standing in such cold weather.
The moment when she turned her face to me, I was out of voice as I distinguished her--she's the girl who should be studying abord in Canda now.
My tears flooded my eyes and my mind turned into a blank sheet.
Afterwards she stayed with me for about a week and told me that she missed me so much so she came back seeing me during the reading week.
I can imagine how tired she was through nearly 20 hours' travel even though all she gave to me was a sunny smile and a tight hug.
I believe there's no need to illustrate her returning, the surprise or our friendship, that moment when she jumped to me has proved everything.
What's more, that moment with her mischievous smile would be the most precious and warmest memory in my life.
On my last holiday,I went to Los Angeles with my parents.We arrived by plane on February 10,2014.It was 7 pm when we got to the hotel.So we had a short dinner and fell asleep soon.
Next day,we went to the Univeral Studios Hollywood and had fun there.It was very exciting.In the evening,we had dinner in a traditional American restaurant.Not only the beef but also the dessert was delicious.
On February 12,we went to OUTLETS and did some shoppings.The things were really cheap which were on sale.
On the last day,we just walked around and took some photos.At about 5 pm,we returned to China by air.
We had a good time.I am looking forward to going there again.
Jerry.
Our parents give us life that is sole and precious.
Parents love their kids more than love themselves.
When we were born, our parents start to experience a new life, which brings many troubles to them.
In our process of growing up, parents always look after us with great carefully.
Parents pay a lot for us without reward.
Mother's love is gentle and soft just like water.
On the contrary, father's love is serious just as a mountain.
Mother always contains us, when we make a mistake.
She tells us what should do what shouldn't do with a proper way.
When we are sad, mother encourages us to become strong.
Mother likes an umbrella which help her kids avoid damage.
Father is strict.
His love not only helps us to correct our mistakes but also teaches us many truths.
Father is our model, and he likes a beacon of our road.
Parents who never get anything from us love us most.
Hence, we should do something for them.
Many students will feel shy if they speak "thank you"to their parents.
Nevertheless, parents prefer to listen it as well as they will believe the words are best gift.
Last but not least, don't hesitate to say"thank you" to our parents.
in the recent years, many and many people go shopping on the internet.
people show different fanying on this issue.
some people think it's convince for they, but the others think they will trick by some other peoples.
Nowadays,with the develpoment of economic ,the condition of every family is become well than before.This reason cause a phenomenon that called overcrowding.It bring many trouble to huamn's life.
Overcrowding can involve many aspects.For example,it will bring traffic jams incities,even in some heavy streets,people hard to move themselves.On the other hand,the opportunity of receive education will become lesser for overcrowding.Because some poorer family only offer one child to go to school.In addition,it will bring troubles to go to see a doctor,such as ,some people have no spare bed when they are need in hospital.Last but not least,it will increase the diffuculties of find a job.The unemployed population is increasing with overcrowding.In my opinion,the problem of overcrowding maybe can be solved by limiting the number of car's trip,because some people will never go out without a car.Second,i hink the government should increase the danamics to control the birth rate and can appropriately expand land.
All in all,the phenomenon of overcrowding is a serious problem to society and should catch the attention.Everybody should be together to control it.
Now I'd like to share the ideal jobs of our group members with all of you.
First of all, I will introduce Li Hua's ideal job and why.
He wants to be a fashion designer, design beautiful clothes for people.
The reason must be clear, Li Hua's painting is very high.
Then it's Chang Lili.
She wants to be a gardener.
Then Ma Kai.
He wanted to be a writer, to write stories for you.
He is warm and open, like writing, like to share.
And then Sun Jun, he said he wanted to be a chef.
He likes cooking, but also advocates green health.
Hope that one day we can eat him to do the dishes.
Here's my turn.
My ideal job is to be a teacher in the three feet platform and teach students knowledge.
I wish I could be a teacher like our teacher to train talents for the country.
Dear friends Mike.
I'm L. Let me give you a brief introduction of the spring Festival.
Spring Festival is in January or February.
We have a seven-day holiday.
Nian is a special kind of animal.
We have a traditional dinner every family has to eat dumplings.
As long as we are to twelve in the evening we should shout out the spring festival happiness and fireworks we usually watch a special TV programme to wait for spring festival.
In the morning of spring Festival, we get up early to visit friends.
I have many hobbies, such as reading, skating, and watching TV.
But reading is my favorite hobby.
I like reading for three reasons.
First of all, books introduce me to a new world, which is colourful and without time and space limit, Through reading, I can trace back.
to ancient Egypt, the cradle of human civilization.
It can bring myself to the United states, a glamorous land I have been longing to visit.
Secondly, reading can better myself by showing me a new knowlege.
In the past years, most of my knowledge has been obtained from books.
I have learned from many people by reading about their ideas on scithee, politics, life and society.
Reading has become part of my life.
Every day, I spend some time reading books, newspapcrs and magazines.
At night, I can hardly go to steep without a novel in my hand.
I'm your pen pal LiHua.
Now the forward middle school need to hire an English teacher, work time for one semester, mainly responsible for teaches two classes the oral English,10 class a week.In addition, also for school weekly English extracurricular activities.
Each month's salary for 4000 yuan, provide accommodation and around trip ticket.
There is some love around me.For example,my parents look after me.They love me.My classmates help me.They love me too.When l get love from them,l feel very happy and warm.l am going to help the other classmates to show my love.l will work hard to thank my parents.There is a lot of love around me and l will try to love other people.
Many persons like to western fast food.Such as bread,sandwich,hamburger,hot dog and pizz.Western fast food with high overweight,high heat,high protein.And the Chinese eating habits don't adapt to this kind of food.In China also has a lot of fast food and snacks.For example,Yonghe King,Kung Fu Restaurant or East Dawning.These fast food not only healthy but also tastes.
Many cities have western restaurants such as a McDonald's and Starbucks .China's street food,on the one hand,this appropriate for Chinese tasts,and it is a healthy and delicious food.On the other hand,it has food safety problems,such as a cooking oil,etc.
The street food in my hometown,you can have healthy and tasty chinese fast food,such as Strong Smelling Preserved Bean Curd,Hot and Sour Rice Noodles.
In a word,relative to western fast food,the Chinese person like to eat Chinese snack.So person's favorite street food is the Chinese fast food.
In the lobby of the Jinling Hotel, the author's son Benjamin banged the key near a slot, feeling happy.
However, Chinese staff members nearby would come over to assist him by holding his hand firmly, which was believed to be friendly in China.
This anecdote highlights the contrast between Chinese education and that of America.
In China, "teaching by holding his hand" is a common phenomenon, which is usually accepted to assist kids to accomplish difficult tasks by parents.
Obviously, Chinese parents view teaching skills as priorities, while American parents attach more importance to the creativity.
In other words, American parents value originality and independence more than Chinese do.
They give kids much more freedom to try on their own in order to promote kids' creativity.
Both the two ways of education has its advantages and disadvantages.
Standing on the Chinese parents' point to consider,perhaps they are supposed to give more opportunities to their children and let them make bold departure in due course.
In conclusion, exploring a better balance between the poles of creativity and basic skills in education is worthwhile.
Dear mike l will tell you some thing for spring festival .
spring festival is important in China.
Children will hane winter hoilday .
people usually buy lots and lots of food , such us fish , chicken , rice .
Because people have zhe spring festival in the night, they are going to have a big dinner together .
The children will have lots of lucky money .
Many will have lots of money .
In the spring festival ,people usually with their child to visit they other family .
This is my favourite festival .
Because l can have lots of lucky money.
At the spring festival evening , people usually watch with their family .
that' s very fun.
Then we are eat dumpli ng at the 12 o'clock at night .
The dumpling is very delicious .
Some people like to travel with companion, because goes out with friend will be happier.
But anther people like travel alone, because they want to relax by themselves.
Travel is a good choice to relax oneself.
When summer is come, a lot of people will go to other country.
I always go with my best friend and my parents.
I like traveling with a companion or companions.
First, I always have someone to talk.
If I have many things want to say which about the famous building, I can tail with companions.
Second, I can share many things with my companions.
I can share my food, and happy.
Third, we can play together.
This is the most impotent in travel.
This is the answer why I like traveling with companions.
Traveling alone will lose some happiness, but it will more free than traveling with companions.
First, you will become a better result maker.
If you have enough money, you can go any place you want to go.
You will free in those times.
Second, you will meet a lot of different people.
Meet many people can increase you language level.
It is good for you.
Third, it will not spend a lot of money in something must.
For example, you rent of hotel will decrease.
Than you can by more goods you like.
So, traveling alone is a good choice, too.
Traveling with who is not important, because you happiness is most important.
After six years of English learning,particularly through the university entrance exam,I think a good and appropriate learning habit can contribute a great deal to the efficiency of study.
As a small winner,I can share my methods and thoughts with you.
To start with,whenever we go, we ought to carry a dictionry which can help us know other unfamiliar words.
What's more, we should prepare two notebooks at the least.
One can take notes at class,the other one should be used to achieve out homework.
Moreover,it's very important to preview before class and review after class.
Finally,not only do I get more English culture,but also can make many foreign friends.
Hopefully,what's metioned above will be of some help to you.
Thanks.
Our class recently in the discussion about how do you like study in groups,we have two opinions.
Half of students believe studying groups is a good way,firstly,in groups we can improve the grade of each other.Secondly,study in groups has a great atmosphere,we are in learning to feel happy.
Nevertheless, others don't think so.Because someone would always talk gossip in groups,and students are easy to Shirk work.Therefore they would rather to study by themselves.
In my opinion,study in groups need everyone has voluntary participation,they must have a deep love for studying English.I think I will gain more knowledges in groups.
policy.
people would be healthier and the society would be more harmonious.
to clean the air!In a word ,do everything whatever you can imagine and say"Be a low-carbon man,I can" to yourslef.
As a university students,do whatever you should do,for the human beings,for the environment,for the society,for the home which belongs to all of us.
As we know, the Internet has played an important role in our daily life.
The following is if students should be allowed to use cellphones at school.
Cellphones are electric products.
Firstly, students are conveniently taking to each other after inventing it.
Secondly ,students who surf the Internet can relax themselves and gain much knowledge,which can open their eyes.
It also has all different kinds of functions.
So it is an important invention.
Every coin has two sides, and cellphones have some disadvantages.
To begin with, students playing by it, and other students watching fictions without stoping, which it causes students sight going down, or students grades are coming down.
In addition, there is a lot of harmful information on the Internet, and it may affect us badly.
As far as I am concerned, cellphones have advantages and disadvantages.
Nonethless I think students should play cellphones by little according to them whose self-control students are terrible.
In a nutshell, students are supposed to use cellphones by right.
Only in this way can we benefit from the Internet.
It is a great honor for me to be here to address my view on the greatest invention.
In my eyes, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is the western medicine,also named the modern medicine.
To name modern medicine as western medicine is to distinguish the modern medicine and ancient Chinese traditional medicine.
But people usually misinterpret western medicine as the medicine of western countries.
Modern medicine,also named western medicine, is a part of modern science, it doesn't belong to a particular nation or country.
Western medicine is about the science and art of healing,consisting of biochemistry, physiology, microbiology, ect,with the purpose to improve the quality of human's body and keep healthy by treatment and prevention of physical and mental diseases.
Here comes the question.Why could I say western medicine is the greatest invention in my eyes?
In my view ,firstly,it must meet the need of most people.
Secondly,it must impact the society to a great extent and lead to social progress.Let's go back to western medicine.
First, any people on the earth may fall sick at any time ,thus they need rehabilitate quickly.
Apparently, ancient Chinese medicine can not cater for their need for quick rehabilitation ,because Chinese traditional medicine stress recuperation and nursing.
Western medicine can treat their ill by injecting,which could cure their disease fast.
Another example,soldiers on the battlefield get fired,the need bandage to stop bleeding and a surgery to remove the bullet.
Those are partial fields of western medicine.Second,western medicine saves so many people's lives that there is no doubt that western medicine leads to social progress.
The two reason reasons mentioned above support my view that western medicine is the greatest invention in the history of mankind.
Western medicine is now very prosperous and is widely used.While Chinese traditional medicine is not.
In my view,with the social development, western medicine and Chinese traditional will reach a state of balance that people pay more attention to regimen that Chinese traditional medicine stress, and if they fall ill, they treat their ill by western medicine.
That is the balance ,with the purpose to keep healthy.
Dear friend,welcome to my country-China.If you come.I want to take you to the Great Wall.A place full of beautiful history.China has the old world is not a true man unless he comes to climb the Great Wall.So this place you worth to see.
In addition to the Great Wall.my hometown is a beautiful place,too.Although there is no great great of the Great Wall.It is beautiful can not be ignored.So you should to visit.
Next,I want to take you to the place where I now live.My university-Wenda.It isnot very beautiful also is not very atmosphere,but here are my brother and love.I'd like to introuduce them to you,let you exprience the belongs to my warm.
Still waiting for your arrival.
From now on, children seem always the apple of parents' eyes.
It's reasonable for the contemporary families which have only a child.
However, a lot of parents do so much for their children, even the things that children could do by themselves.
Parents' arrangement has affected children more or less.
Children are lack of some basic abilities, like doing some housework, peeling fruits.
They needn't do it because their parents have done all the things already.
Hardly can children understand the hardship for making money.
What's worse, many children pass the buck to others.
To make children be independent, parents should let children do things they ought to do.
Then, leave child to make decisions themselves and teach them to afford the responsibilities.
Finally, parents should lead the children whenever it is necessary.
Only in these ways, can children truly become independent.
After the industry revolution,technology has become more and more important.Today,we can travel around the world by air,enjoy delicious food from all over the world,search the Internet to know everything happened from home and abroad.At the same time,life is getting more and more stressed,most of us are trying to make maximum use of time.It's no wonder people are discussing all the time whether technology is good for us.
In my opinion,technology is not entirely beneficial for us.First,it was technology that caused the time famine.Although the original plan of technology was to free people from all kinds of chaos,it has brought us more trouble getting used to it.For example,with the computer helping us analysis statistics,college students have to spend more than a year studying computer programs,not to mention most big computer machine rooms need maintainers to solve the problems at a regular time.
In most cases,technology has not saved time,but enabled us to do more things.In the home,washing machines promised to free women from having to toil over the laundry.In reality,they encouraged us to change our clothes daily instead of weekly,creating seven times as much washing and ironing.Similarly,the weekly bath has been replaced by the daily shower,multiplying the hours spent on personal grooming.
Second,technology has set boundaries to teenagers to experience the real world,now most teenagers just stay at home and play the computers all the day time.It's impossible for them to learn how to cope with others through the Internet.Many children brought up in the city live in the skyscraper but even don't know what the building is made of.
Last but not least,technology has led to many intractable problems.Such as genetically modified food,cloning and the nuclear power station pollution.What's worse,with the development of industry,many food manufacturing add harmful chemicals to pass the examinations,which will damage our body to a large extent.
As technology becoming more and more important,we all need to think whether the technology a blessing or a cursing.
I am very happy to hear from you.
I have watched several great movies during this summer vocation, which maybe also moving you for the intense saction and deep motivation.
One of them is Pursuit Happiness , which the most inspirating movie .
In this movie, a medisen instrument saller whose wife abandoned him and their only little son tried to pursuit his own happiness by survival in the recruitment test of a famous Stock Company.
The best section in my opinion is that the father and their son sleep in a public toilit when others keeps knocking the door, because they really didn't have nowhere to stay.
I whish you will like it as it deeply inspire me to strugle against the life cause God only help ones who help themselves.
Physical exercises can be beneficial in many ways.First,doing some exercises can refresh people's mind from long time work.Second,It can stimulate people's mind to work more actively and creatively.Besides,if you go to gym with your partners or friends,It's a good way to close your relationship.
The last but most important,doing exercises frequently not only can relax ourselves,but also can keep healthy.If you have time,I advise you do more sports rather than stay in front of computers.
As we all know that with the development of science and technology, people can know the world without walking out of the doors which makes people more and more weak.
Besides, the rate od such a phenomenon is rising.
Recently the milk problem, carcinogenic shoes, KFC's crash chicken which happen quite often and makes our Chinese really scared.
As far as I am concerned, I'd like to eat food made by myself.
So start small and start now.
I was so disappointed to see the clear sky this Monday.The weather report said it would snow.I was eager in playing in the snow so I wrote it in my list of what to do in the autumn.Luckily enough,I made this dream come true this Friday.
When stepping out my dorm I thought it was raining.But in no time did I realize that it was snowing!
I was so hectic that I didn't go to the dinning room.Instead, I stood in the snow to feel the fresh air.All of my classmates were excited too and were all looking forward to having a snowball fight.Upon the end of the class,we all rushed out and played in the beautiful fairy tale world.
The snow was a wonderful gift for everyone.Bobby comes from Guangxi and had never seen snow.She jumped out of her skin!We laughed and ran,as happy as naked children.When we ran into the playground we saw many people had been there,taking photos,walking on the ground of newly fallen snow,or calling loudly and happily.Everyome was wearing a satisfied smile.Someone had written sentences on the ground.I took a photo of one of them which said,"It's my first snow in Beijing.
"Many foreign students came to enjoy the beauty of the snow too.
Now the snow has melted,but the joy will always stay in my heart.
I was asked to organize a foreign language training, it's exceedingly important in your job to chat with the customer to recognize what they want .
The participator is a manager and above.
The meeting will be start on five o'clock tomorrow afternoon, pleaes arrive on time.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Most of us love our smart phones.
It helps stay connected to everyone you know whenever you want.
We won't leave the house without our phones, and many people even keep it all day long.
Some people even sleep with their phones.
However, the smart phones might alienate modern people in surprising and negative ways.
A study, which was published in the Journal of Social and Personal Relationships, found that trust, intimacy, and empathy all take a hit when a smart phone is present during the conversation.
The University of Essex researchers studied a group of over 70 students as they sat and talked in pairs at a restaurant.
In one group, a smart phone was placed on the table, and another group was replaced by a black notebook.
Afterwards, they asked the students to report how they felt about the conversation.
The researchers found that when a smart phone was present, relationship quality decreased, along with partner trust.
People reported feeling less intimacy and less openness with others, and they were less likely to want to open their mouth and enjoy a meaningful conversation.
This strikingly resembles what many of us do at dinner with our family or friends.
According to Chen Canrui, psychology professor at S University, Chinese people are always shy, so they are not good at face-to-face communication.
Therefore,many people are likely to chat online through a smart phone.
However, in this way, your friends will fail to read your facial expressions and hear your intonation.
Obviously, this is not a perfect way of communication.
After all, it helps nothing to strengthen our friendship.
As a matter of fact, we can still use and enjoy our smart phone without harming much intimacy.
We just have to be sure that there are some occasions which are technology-free so that we can always have time to connect with our partners.
For example, turn off your smart phones at least one hour every day, and go hiking or enjoy a meal with your friends.
Wechat and Microblog are still there waiting for you once you turn on your phone again.
As a popular saying goes, the remotest distance in the world is not life and death, but we sit together, and you use your smart phone.
Ladies and Gentlemen, do not be slaves to our smart phones.
I believe if we live more in the real world than the virtual one we create, we will have better and more lasting relationships.
Thank you.
The Spring Festival is China's most important traditional festival, it represents the beginning of a New Year, everyone in China, all ethnic groups in every place has different ways and methods.
In western countries, Christmas is the most important traditional festival.
But different places make the Spring Festival and Christmas have different or the same customs.
In the beginning, and in honor of the Spring Festival and Christmas appeared.
When Spring Festival or Christmas comes, no matter how far will the family reunion together, everyone put on beautiful new clothes, elders for the younger generation is always present.
They all represent people's anticipation and love for life.
Christmas and the Spring Festival is the product of different national culture, is a traditional Christian religious etiquette, one is thousands of years of traditional folk.
Time on the western festival is roughly only a week, and the Spring Festival is often more than a month.
But Christmas is more suitable for young people.
Good afternoon, everyone.
Today I am honored to stand here to share my preparation of CET 4 with you.
In my opinion, CET 4 is a general test.
It involves many kinds of knowledge.
It includes six parts.
So, let's start from the first part.
Ok, all above is my preparation of CET 4.
That's all.
Thank you for your attention.
I hope it can be useful for you.
In the spring of year again, each of us and old age.The Spring Festival is the most important part in our country and it has really a long history.
Since the lunar December 23,my family began to prepare for the Chinese New Year.To buy the new things,change the old things into the new things,that means throw away the pass year and meet the new year.In addition,We made a big cleaning together and decorate the house.
Day by day,the Spring Festival is coming.On New Year's eve,We ate a big family dinner.As we all konw,New Year should be set off fire.On that night,while we made dumplings,we watched the Spring Festival's party and had fun.We talked until the bell,said "yang nian da ji ,gong xi fa cai"and share the New Year's blessing with everyone.
Fun!My Spring Festival.
When it comes to the feature in Taiwan, I would say national palace museum is the best place to show it to foreigners.
The building is located in a prosperous place, Shilin, where there are lots of sites to visit.
There is no doubt that National palace museum is the place that can represent most of Taiwan's culture.
There are three reasons why foreigners should visit the museum.
First, the history of the palace museum represents the complicated relationship between China and Taiwan.
Second, the high quality collection is famous beyond the world.
Third, Zhishan Garden, which is next to the museum, is the beautiful place which cannot miss.
The Palace museum shows the history and relationship between China and Taiwan.
The national palace museum and palace museum was first located in Forbidden City in Beijing, share the same original root, which was split in two as a result of the chinese civil war.
When the collection transport to Taiwan, we added "National" to the palace museum in order to distinguish from the palace museum in Beijing.
The history of this historical museum can tell the foreigner the history of Taiwan and its relation with China.
The high quality collection is famous beyond the world.
The museum houses several treasured items that are the pride of their collection and famous worldwide.
For example, the "Jadeite Cabbage" is a cabbage made by jade, and with a large and a small grasshopper camouflaged in the leaves.
"The meat-shaped Stone" is another notable pieces in the museum which is made by stone.
Theses two antiques looks like real if not looking near.
The Garden next to the museum is also a place must go visit.
You can enjoy a chinese style architecture, pond and trees which seldom appear in urban city.
Nation palace museum is the best place to present to foreigner.
Because of the origin of the museum, and the precious master piece, and the beautiful yard next to it, I would take them to the museum.
Although there are still many places they can visit, the Palace museum is a place you cannot miss.
In my life around, many wage earners who are busy with their routines often complain intensely and agonizingly about how annoying to have a job which they are compelled to do.
Despite all the seemingly reasonable opinions they give, I still believe that people, if not disabled, should work.
First, work is indispensable for man's existence.
It provides the material things of life, the goods and services that make possible our ancient and modern civilization as well.
Undoubtedly, man cannot possibly survive without food, clothing and shelter which are fruits of his work.
Whether primitive man who lived on wild life or lived in caves or modern man who lives on foods or lives in rooms, the very work supports man.
Second, work is beneficial to man's health too.
As we know, only through constantly mental and physical exercises can we maintain a relatively laudable conditions.
Sitting around and doing nothing can only bring about dawdlers who are unable to do anything but only complain not be served fully.
Therefore, in order to lead a healthy life, we need to work actively and creatively, which may serve as a best way to challenge and improve our mental and physical abilities.
Furthermore, work offers ambitious people chances to realize their values.
If you have dreamed to become someone, you can take effort to work hard.
Your effort accumulated, so you come close to your dreams, and may eventually to be whom you want to be.
Work gives you respect and esteem, which is the best thing an ambitious man desires.
Despite a little annoyance existing in the work, we should still take our maximum effort to do it, in order to afford our families, realize our values and live a more fruitful life.
Im LiHua This year 20 years old.
do at this international meeting.
not very good ,but I believe if I can be admit the voiunteer activity ,I am Eenglish level will earn greatly improved.I join this purpose is physical exercise myself .
I hope you can give me this opportunity.
I appreciate in advance.
However,some student hold the idea that students can surf as much as possible.On the one hand,students have more access to get more information and material that we need.It can broaden our horizons.
On the other hand,the Internet makee it possible for us to communicate and share with friends at home.In addition,it also give us a good way to relax during holidays.It can improve our learning quality.
A lot of student think that students shouldn't use the Internet frequently.The reasons are as follows.First, it does harm to our eyes.It is easy for us to fall in chatting ang playing games, it may makes you depend on it.It looks so interesting that everyone can't refuse to play.What's more,in the second place,the Internet is always wastes our time and energy, If you surf the Internet for a long time,it will become bad.
As far as I am concerned,I think that students shouldn't use the Internet frequently.At the same time the most important thing is made a plan clearly before you get online.The clearlier you plan,the more you will get.
Nowadays, people are in favour of online shopping than go- shopping outside.
It has become more and more fashionable to shop online.
But it has both advantages and disadvantages.
It is known to us all that shopping online is very convenient.
You can buy anything you like on the Internet without leaving your home.
Second, the things on the Internet may be very cheap and nice.
And more, you can buy the things which you can't see in the normal stores.
But shopping online also has many disadvantages.
While getting the package, you may find that the things you get is not similar to the things you have seen on the Internet, and it is difficult for us to return the goods.
On the other hand, something on the Internet is fake, and you can't try on the things like clothes, shoes, trousers and so on.
In my opinion,every coin has two sides.
We can buy the cheap things like pens, books, foods on the Internet.
We had better buy the expensive things like mobile phones and computers on our own.
There is an increasing interest in students, dormitory life is a new experience.
most students have never lived far away from their parents before coming to university.
they have always had their parents to depend on for advice and guidance, and when they become university students, their lives begin to change.
there are striking difference between home life and dormitory life.
student must begin to be responsible for their own action.
they must depend on themselves to get up in the morning on, time for class, to eat properly, to keep their clothes and themselves clean ,and to set aside an appropriate amount of time for study and relaxation.
they must also learn to take care of their money, making sure to preserve enough for both necessities and for fun.
in general, there are both good and bad points about life in student dormitory.
often, dormitoryrooms are small and crowded.
this lack of space can limit one's privacy and make itdifficult for students to concentrate on their studies.
on the other hand, in a dormitory, student have a great deal more freedom thanthey might have at home.
they can act according to their own will and desire than to that of parents.
Nowadays, with the quickening pace of social development, many people devote themselves to working.
After a long day's work, many people tend to eat at restaurants.
However, it is natural that the food safety is lack of guarantee.
As for me, I think we had better at home, because it is a good way to relax ourselves, to make sure the safety of eating food and to share quality times with our family.
First of all, eating at home is a perfect chance to ease our minds.
Though it may take some time and effort to prepare the meals.
It is indeed beneficial to take our mind off mechanical and tough works, cooking delicious dishes with family members and arranging tableware together.
Secondly, eating at home makes sure the food security.
Food safety is such a serious issue as a result of eating at out produce diet problems that many people suffer from the strange disease, even death.
According to the survey of TV news, they reveal the vicious merchants add poisonous chemical substance to foods in accordance with reducing their cost of produce.
It is obvious that eating at restaurants makes us worry about our health.
Lastly, eating at home spur us to share quality times with our family.
No place is superior to home to share interesting stories with our family, and no time is superior to dinner time to talk with them.
Restaurants, no matter how luxurious they are, cannot provide a place private enough for us to talk about whatever we would like.
Assuming eating at home, we are entitled to talk freely and laugh loudly, without worry about disturbing other people.
Thus, we could easily enjoy the wonderful moment with family members.
In conclusion, eating at home brings us more benefits than outside.
We could ease our tiring minds after long day work or study, and we can make sure to eat healthy food.furthermore,we could have a nice occasion with family members.
My hometown is Qingdao,a gorgeous seaside city in Shandong Province.I feel very fortunate living in this city,because it has fascinating sanbeaches and beautiful mountains.Every year,a number of tourists are attracted by the scenery of sea of Qingdao.The Trestle and Badaguan are the most famous laces by the seaside.Some German style architectures are in Badaguan.And in the surburb ,Mount.Lao is widely known by people all over the world.The climate there is warm and wet.Sometimes it's a little cold in winter.The local product of Qingdao is seafood.Qingdao is my hometown ,wherever I am,it will be regarded as the most attractive place by me.
Nowadays many students don't think highly English spelling study.So many students can't spell English words.
So many students have the bad habits.The phenomenon is extremely general in college.
I think the reason is caused by electronic dictionary.
I think students use electronic dictionary will be students becone lazy .So many parents think highly of student's Engish education.
Parents to give children students learn to buy the electronic dictionary So they intend to children have a good future .They hope children have a good grade.This is the first reason.
The second I think the teacher don't think highly of Engish spelling practice to students.So the children don't think the things were important.
In order to this condition.I think students should be give attention to spelling.
The teachers should be accentuation training to students in Engish spelling.
Studets shuoldn't make electronic dictionary.In that the electronic dictionary will make students lazy.
So we should be think highly of English Speling.
On education, everyone has everyone's ideas, in the situation of education today, more and more college students, only pay attention to ability, but ignore the moral quality,I think now in cultivating moral qualities of the era of fierce competition, can not be ignored, only to cultivate moral character, good students can make the society more harmonious and happy progress.
Students in the school's moral education, relating to our country the development direction in the future, we should not only pay attention to the cultivation of students ability should pay more attention to students' moral cultivation, finally we hope that we college students can be an honest and sensible good Children.
My name is X and I'm from China.
Right now, I'm a student.
I study very hard every day.
I like going to school because I'm eager to learn.
I enjoy learning English.
It's my favorite class.
I like to make friends and I get along with everyone.
This is the introduction I give whenever I meet new people.
It tells people a little bit about me and about what I like to do.
Nowadays,with the development of the society,we need more knowledge to improve ourselves,so reading become a most essential way to broad our horizon.
To this phenomena,people have various opinions.Accroding to some people ,they think we should have choice to read books.Because only academic books could develop our academic knowledge.Also, in modern society,there are a lot of information for us to choice,we hardly could study all of them.Others,however,think otherwise.They hold that we should read different kinds of books.Every knowledge has its' own impact,we don't know when we should use them.So the only way to solve this problem is read different books as much as possible.
As far as I'm concerned,we should look them into two parts.In our academic major, we should have choice to read our academic books,only then can we develop our professional skills.We also should read many other kinds of books to improve our general knowledge,only by this ,we could become a good doctor.
Mao Zedong,the first generation of leaders of the Communist Party of China.
He was born at a farmer family in Hunan in 1893 .
He was a great leader,excellent strategist,theorist, and calligrapher.
Mao Zedong-A great man in China History.
HIs dictation's leading style in his later years have influenced generations of people.
He built the Red Army,took part in the anti-Japanese War and civil war in China and established the people's Repubilc of China.
Mao's theory and the publication,the major event Mao participated, the end of the Era of Mao Zedong.
Finally, the future possible search sites are also listed for the references.
Although I can not do the Mao Zedong as great, but I have to do it in a dream, and continuously forge ahead.
According to a survey conducted by "China Youth", nowadays more and more students engage in temporary jobs in winter or summer holidays.
Some people think that why they do such thing is because they mean to earn some pocket money.
Also someone think that this can enrich social experience.
In my opinion, whatever the reason is, the former or the latter, doing odd jobs is a meaningful deed.
Here some reasons that I list.
Firstly, the students can earn money by their own and therefore they do not need to cadge pocket money from their parents, which will develop the students' independence and lighten the parents' burden.
And this may change their habits of squandering money.
Secondly, taking up odd jobs will make students taste the bitter ordeal of working.
They will cherish an indebted heart to life and treasure everything that they have now.
Furthermore, just as some people mentioned, doing odd jobs will increase students' social experience, which is beneficial for them to take up their later occupation even their whole career.
It will also expand their horizons.
As an old saying goes, every coin has two sides.
Engaging in temporary jobs has disadvantages as well.
For example, lots of your spare time will be occupied.
But overall, doing odd jobs at your leisure still has many advantages.
So if you have the chance to do this kind of job in later days, consider it prudently.
If you choose to grab the opportunity, what you acquire from it will be far more than monetary value.
My name is X and I am 19 years old now.
After you read the following words, you will know.
My parents are both teachers.
They work in a senior middle school.
And I also have a twin brother, which I am very proud of.
He is a gentle boy and always respects me very much.
The relationship between us is not very close.
Maybe it is related to our long separation.
When I was a few months old, I was send to my grandparents' home.
It was after six years that I went back to live with my family.
This kind of experience leaded to a certain degree of alienation from my brother and parents.
In my live so far, another thing worth mentioning is that I studied for five years in high middle school.
The reason is not I was poor at my study but I wanted to go to better university.
During the five years, I made a few friends, who are all very excellent in some fields.
This is also the thing I take pride in.
I learn a lot from them and realize that friends are valuable asset in life.
Now I am in my university, and I major in English.
In the first term, I felt my future was so bleak.
I was thinking why choose this major.
I did not like English very much.
Because my hearing and spoken language are so poor that I was afraid of learning it.
But now, I came to be interested in English and like to speak out.
In fact, my dream is to make a good lawyer.
I began to pay attention to law six years ago.
Though I study English now, I never forget my initial ideal.
I don't have exact reasons.
Maybe it is concerned with my character.
Most of time, I am serious.
They say I like a scholar.
And I agree with this evaluation.
I am always trying to influence others with my own ideas, though they do not appreciate sometimes.
So that is something about me.
And I believe.
God gives me the special responsibility.
School is a big family,so living in such an environment,we always meet all kinds of problems.One of the problems on campus is learning.University of time always a lot of,but quite part of students can not make good use of time,they always waste time on beer and skittles,they don't care to learn.Gradually,study result is getting worse.
Due to the negative phenomenon,we should take some measures.
In my opinion,we should learn how to make full use of our time.When we feel bored,we should not go to play,but should learn.For example,we can go to the library and read,we can go to the self-study classroom self-study,we can also go to and learn about the lecture to boraden the knowledge.
Overall,there are many rich university life way,so,we shouldn't waste time at university.From now on, let us take advantage of college life and learn better!
Helping strangers used to be considered as a virtue,but in recent years,people tend to be very cautious of strangers.Meantime,should we help strangers have become a hot topic around all of us people in China.
Many people now hesitate to assist strangers or reluctant to help strangers,because of a variety of reasons.Just for my part,strangers need everybody's aids and we should support them absolutely.
For one thing,supporting others,even a little thing which we do could save a life.There is a real living example I experienced the other day.Then I just got off the bus and walked on the busy street in my town.
I was looking for my grandmother and paid no attention to the flying cars around me.Suddenly,a people pulled me a hand quickly and fiercely,I was out of thought and had no idea what had happened only seen a car passed by through where I stood and felt a gust of wind.I thanked that man who saved me very much and at that time,no words can express my gratitude for him.He saved me as a stranger.
For another,aiding strangers can give us pleasure feeling and even harvest unexpected friendship.Most of us have read All Men Are Brothers,a popular fiction written by Shi Nai'an.All people in that fiction are always ready to render help to others and then they became good friends until their death.In our real live,there are many living examples around us that help strangers give us precious friendship and our life become more meaningful.
Last but not least,helping strangers is one of China's fine tradition.As a Chinese we should develop it in our daily life.In this way,our world would be a wonderful place to live in.
Just as an old saying goes 'Send person rose,the hands have lingering fragrance'.Helping others should become a belief in everybody's life and carry out it.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman.
He is very happy, saying to himself"Meat with water sold out".
Meanwhile, the woman feels content as well because she has bought the meat with a false 100-yuan note.
Nowadays, some people are dishonest and often try to deceive others for their own benefit.
Therefore, there is damage on both sides.
Worse, some children are influenced by this kind of behaviors, they cheat the classmates and teachers, and also copy the homework.
So, it's time to attaches great importance to the honesty.
In my opinion, honesty is a virtue, it can make people become beautiful and happy, and people will get along very harmonious.
As middle school students,we should treat all the good faith, both homework and exams.
I had free time to travel with my parents on National Day.During this trip,I got something new about it.Now,let me tell you.
We should make some plans about it and do something in advance before we travel,for example,we can order a good hotel early to avoid fastiguim.It's a good way to save time.
Travel a place where people interested in has a few strenges.First,admiring natural and beautiful scenery while breathing fresh aie is enjoyable for people.Second,we can exercise by travelling to make our body stronger.Third,we can learn some knowledge that we can't get in class.What's more,we can also make some new friends.Friend is impoetant in our life.
But people can have some trouble when travelling.On the one hand, a long trip can make people tired,on the other hand there are some problems that people can't imagine,such as getting accident ,losing something important ,getting ill and so on.
In a word,rtavelling is a great activity to broaden our horizon.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of the computer technology, the introduction of computer into the classroom has great changed the traditional way of teaching and learning.
It's widely believed that computers would replace teachers and result in their unemployment in the near future.
To my mind, the computer is only an instrument that gives convenience to the teacher's work, so it will not replace the teacher.
The reasons are as follows: firstly, the computer may figure out correct answers quickly, however, the teacher is the engineer of the human soul.
The teacher can not only take care of the students' study but also take care of their minds.
For example, if we fail our exams, the teacher will encourage us and give us suggestions in the future study.
Absolutely no.
Secondly, computer has a radiation, which will do harm to our health.
Apparently, we can not use computer in our daily study.
Thirdly, the teacher is different from computer.
Teachers have limitless imagination and thoughts.
They can create a colorful and lively class atmosphere where students are ready to acquire knowledge.
All in all, learning is not only a process of acquiring knowledge and developing skills but also an experience of sharing ideas, making friends and growing up together with other people.
Computer and teacher play different roles in our study, but teachers are so necessary that we students can not lose them in the near future study.
At the same time,I also believe that by using computer can improve the teacher's teaching quality.
Official Michael Jackson website including Michael Jackson videos, music, news, albums, pictures and more.
Your number one source for all things.
If you were a teardrop;In my eye, For fear of losing you,I would never cry and if the golden sun,Should cease to shine its light, Just one smile from you,Would make my whole world bright.
Today is sunny and warm.
We set off early from school, take the train to go to beidaihe.
nine o 'clock in the morning, we came to the seaside.
Play games on the beach.
At noon, the sun gradually rise, we at a nearby restaurant.
These foods with different local features, very delicious.
In the afternoon, we went for a walk on the beach.
The beautiful scenery of the memorable, so we took many photos.
We at five in the setting sun, 30 points back to school.
China has five thousand historical and cultural traditions, as time goes on, China's education system kept going under reform.
Although the current system is not the best in the world, but it should be quite suitable for the basic national conditions of China.
China's education system can be divided into three stages, primary school, secondary school, college.
Each stage is much targeted for different ages of people to implement different education; they are connected with each other.
The first is the primary stage, of course, some children also received a number of pre-school before, the so-called nursery education.
In the primary study period almost all children 5 to 12 years of age, this stage is designed to allow them to learn the language and mathematics that two basic subjects.
Also with some sports, like painting subjects.
The second is the secondary, including the middle and high school, junior high school is about 12 to 15 years of age, high school is about 15 to 8 years of age, at this stage, they become more exposed subjects, and there humanities, politics, history, geography and the like.
Natural sciences, physics, chemistry, biology and the like.
However, in high school, there is a sub-period of liberal arts science, liberal arts students to key learning subjects like humanities, natural science students to learn science major, these two stages of learning in fact, mainly the examination stage, the so-called targeted to go to college .
After high school, once again the national college entrance exam, most of them went to college with good academic performance, on the con tray, some students choice a technical school.
The final stage is the university level; this stage is basically around 18 years of age.
In this learning phase, we learn there is a certain narrow range, the so-called professional learning.
For example, my university was physics, so at the university level we mainly study physics, plus some state public subjects, English, advanced mathematics.
This is a country to develop our self-study phase, which is basically a four-year, four years later, some students choose to direct employment, and some students choose to continue their studies into graduate study phase.
Of course, it is through a unified national examination.
Some say reading more,some say listening more, some say speaking more,others say writing more.
If you want to study English well,not only reading,listening,speaking and writing.
First You must mix them together, every part is important, if you have done well,your English would be no problem.
As English is one of the main subjects that Chinese students must take up, learning English.
More and more students find it hard to learn English, because it is fresh to them.
Depending on different personality, experience and background, different people may have different methods to learn English.
In my opinion,interest and practice are the best ways to learn English.
I still think the best way to master a language is tobey personally on the scene.
So I advise those people who have condition got abroad for a while.
When they come back home, their oral English must have improved.
Learning is a lifelong journey because every day brings something new.
Everything that you learn becomes a part of you and changes you,so you learn wisely and leary well.
This is my study English ways.
Say it out and everyone share once.
In the end,listen carefully at class.
In my summer holiday I went to a summer camp.
We went to London and we lived with host family.
First day we visit the London museum and we get lots of knowladge about London that made us feel more easy in next days.
Then we went to a classroom there were some England teachers waited us in advance.
Teachers taught us spoken by listent English songs ,we had a good time.
Next day we went to a beach and play games with our hosters so that we can get on well with each other.
In the afternoon we lenrnt writting.
Finally our camp was over I learnt lots of things ang had a great holiday.
I'm sorry to tell you that I have to leave for home because of an emergency in my family.
So it's impossible to say goodbye face to face.
But I will give you a call the moment I arrived.
As for the speech contest,I feel sure that you can win a success easily.
It is known to us that you are clever and hardworking.
So I trust you and bless you.
Due to the time limit, I just could say so much for these.
All in all, I'm expecting your pleasure news, and I believe we'll meet again soon.
Nowdays in many of the university campus are common occupation phenomenon.whether in the classroom,library or restanurant it is often seen.
Many students hold that it is a very normal phenomenon,so most will follow.But some students don't think they feel sometimes occupation is a kind of resource waste phenomenon.Because some students occupation but not consciontious learning but occpy others learn place.
In my opinion, I think that if the seat can be fully utilized is acceptable,but if it is only a seat but not use is a weast of resources.Do you think so?
My biology teacher was Ms Li when I studied at jinior high school,I liked her best because she was so kind that she seldom got angry with us.She was ready to help others and she love her work very much.In fact,I like biology as well.What's more,she was very humorous,her classes were very interesting.
When I wanted to ask a question to her in a morning,I found she was having a breakfast.But she stoped eating immediately and answered the question very patient.I was really moved and ashamed.She was so kind.
That's my favourite teacher,I am hoping to hear from you soon.
Recently, there is a question about reading or doing, which is more effective to a persons' learning and growth.
Some people hold the opinion of supporting that reading plays an important role in a person's life, which can light an emotional spark with us, and our world opens, everything becomes possible.
For all that, others keep opposition in mind, they believe they learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, and reinforce themselves by doing.
Although this may be true, I still adhere to a viewpoint that reading acts an more significant role than doing to human beings.
After serious thinking, there are at least three reasons why I choose reading: it can give us larger knowledge reserve, a better self-culture, and more motivations to create possibility.
In the first place, a person who reading more will have larger accumulation of knowledge.
In that to be a generalist and a specialist is necessary for us.
Furthermore, reading more can improve our moral cultivation, speech culture, philosophical training even artistic culture.
In that way, we sublimate ourselves.
Lastly, we may find query from reading that urges us to search answers and to explore the unknown.
Over and above that, each of us should try to read more.
The traditional misconception among teachers is that doing written homework is dispensable for students.However,there dose exist a phenomenon that more and more people disagree with it and encourage children to embrace life.
Confused with the geometry and occupied with the vocabularies,children are completely exhausted.Therefore,how can we expect our students to gain practical experience?Is it the time to change the tradition of forcing children to do written homework?
With the development of technology ,a growing number of people choose to use e-book .
We observes that the e-book nowadays is wide used around the world,especially popular with the young.E-book is portable,we can read it at any time and place,it's really convenient.Generally speaking,paper books are more expensive than e-book.With the e-book reader,we can save much money,and there are lots of free e-book can be downloaded on the internet.
What's more,electronic book is environmentally friendly.Its existence helps reduce the output of paper and save natural resources.
But,as we all know,everything has two sides.E-books also have some disadvantages.They are bad to our eyes,we always feel tired easily.
To our disappointment,many paper publications do not have the electronic version,such as some professional books or technology books.And most of the time,read the electronic books do not have the atmosphere,we can hardly devote ourselves to reading something and feel the writer's emotions.
I believe that e-books and paper books will both exist.Although e-book is popular,someone prefers to read paper books.In a word,traditional things are irreplaceable.
It is acknowledge that global warming has become one of the most severe challenges facing human society.
There are many factors led to global warming,just like air pollution,human activity,development of industry,population expansion and so on.
It is global warming that is already an irreversible fact,what we can do just help slow global warming.Firstly,the government should formulate laws to reduce air pollution.Secondly,it's time for us to find new clean energy instead of kerosene and fuel.Last but not least,it's useful to close some heavily polluting factories.
In my opinion,everyone,not just government and industry needs to participate in the fight against global warming.I will try my best to plant trees as much as possible every year.And I will take a bus instead of take a taxi.
We must do these things from now on,because we don't have another planet to experiment on.
We gain knowledge about the world and our life from two ways:book knowledge and personal experiences.
The topic of book knowledge and personal experiences which one is more important to us is becoming more and more popular recently.There are two sides of opinion about it.Some people say book knowledge is more important,while others think that personal experiences is true importance.
I strongly support the view that personal experience is more important than book knowledge to us.To begin with,we can't learn everything from a book.Such as how to get along with others and so on.Moreover,personal experiences can broaden our horizon.Just as a popular saying goes,"Experience is the best teacher".In addition,knowledge gained from personal experiences may be firsthand,direct and unforgettable.But the knowledge from book may outdated,giving you unless information,The last but not the least.Of all the knowledge we have,some comes from the books we read,some comes from our personal experiences.But without knowledge from experiences,it is impossible to get a real understanding of knowledge from books and apply book knowledge to life situations.
To sum up,genuine knowledge comes from practice.
Everyone is attracted by beauty and beanty is powerful.
Perhaps you can get the answer from the following story..
This morning I went to the market to buy some vegetables and my parents.
On the way we all highly praised a young man riding in Western dress and leather shoes.
But he was riding too fast, he knocked down an old woman carefully..
While parking, he pretended not to see, and quickly rode away.
We are all very angry young people.
Our happiness, a simple girl dressed immediately, lifted the old man and brought her home.
We all praise the girl.
Since we know that we can't judge people by outward appearance.
Beautiful not necessarily a beautiful soul.
There's only one person who has the beauty of a beautiful soul.
incite that getting a good education has lots of advantages.
more respected.
people have more job opportunities.
harmonious society.
The picture is about an older lady sitting in front of a mirror, muttering that her children isn't by her side, leaving her to stay in an empty house.
It reflected a social phenomenon that more and more young person go to first-tier or second-tire cities to hunt for their jobs or make a living, some of them carry their children to settling down there, however many elders prefer to live in their hometowns or countrysides than go to big cities.
The youngers seldom have time to come back home to visit their parents besides some important festivals, like The Spring Festival.
So these elders miss their children so much and hope for youngers to visit them or give them a call.
What is more, some youngers lose contact with their parents and only send some money to them.
So our country should publish some policy to protect elders' rights and call for all youngers to look after these elders and visit them often.
If not, they should be punished.
It was snowing.
I thought the view was beautiful.
So I want to go out to see it and I wanted to take some photos.
When I saw the beautiful view I was so happy.
I thought I should go outside to take photo to keep the view.
When I went outside.
I saw a boy fall down.
So I thought the road was so slippy.
I should walk carefully.
I went to help him.
He thanks for me.
I decided to clean the road so that people didn't fall down.
I went home and I took a boom.
Then I can sweep the road.
When I swept the road I saw my neighbors they praised me.
I was happy and I was glad to help people.
With the development of Internet,people are offer a fashional way to make friends and have a love affair.The cyber love become more and more popular in the young.
There are lots of advantage ang disadvantage about the cyber love .On the one hand,people have a obscure feeling about the true love by the Internet.Besides,they can't cantact with each other face to face so they have more room to look forward to true love.On the other hand,just in that they can't see each other,lots of swindler seek profit by this way.So you should pay more attention to your cyber love.
What's more,I think true love doesn't grow without contact between two minds ang depend on acceptance of each other's demerits as well as hunger for each other's merits.
True love is also based on the ups and downs of lovers in daily life.So I think the cyber love is absurd.
In a word,I disagree the cyber love ,it's a immature way to seek the ture love.
Many people may believe that going to classes should be optional for students, while I do not think so.
How can I understand that a student can learn well for absenting for classes.
Personal experiences can help students know more about the outside world, while comes to the academic subjects, they should go to classes.
In the classes students can learn how to work with others, put it another way, students learn to be with others in the classes.
Nowadays, teachers are willing to divide students into groups to discuss questions to improve their teams.
Students can benefit a lot from it.
Students can improve the ability to communicate and corporate in this way.
Students can receive more knowledge from teachers also their classmates in the classes and learn how to learn.
A good teacher not just explain the book itself, but also explain the facts and examples.
Their classes are related to the reality and they talk about their experiences and their methods not just the books.
By this way students can build themselves and extend their knowledge.
A good student can understand how to learn from others through the classes.
Going to classes is a rule for students and it teaches students how to be a man.
If there is no necessary to go to classes, we also do not need the colleges.
And this rule teaches students respect and responsibility.
Respect your teachers and you classmates or others, responsible for students' duty.
Students also hear such sentences " we not just receive the knowledge but also learn to be ".
The campus is a good place to build a man.
In short, by going to classes students not just receiving the academic knowledge, but also learn to be, learn to do, learn to be with others, learn to how to learn.
So going to classes should not be optional for students.
With the fast are pace of modern life, more and more people are living under great pressure.
Some people are afraid of pressure.
They think that the stress and strains of work deprive them of joy and happiness.
In their view, stress does harm to them both physically and mentally.
That is why they prefer something less competitive and strenuous to something more demanding and overwhelming, a certain amount of stress is vital to provide motivation and stimulation.
With out stress, you may slack off and idle away your time.
It gives purpose and meaning to an otherwise meaningless, dull life.
People under stress tend to bring their potential into full play and to realize their goals.
In my opinion, we shouldn't escape from stress but to face it as it is.
What we can do is to adapt to the stress and to profit from it rather than to avoid it.
Nowadays, more and more university graduates complain that graduation does not equate to employment.
They experience great difficulties finding satisfactory jobs.
What is the cause of this phenomenon in my opinion, there are two causes: first, graduates lack experience.
They spend most of their time at school studying academic subjects and lack relevant job training.
Only after graduation do they realize it's hard to find jobs.
Second,competition among graduates grows more bitter and more bitter.
The supply of university graduates exceeds social demand.
Their results in a decreased chance for any individual graduate to find a job.
So,university students should try their best to change this situation.
When they are in school, they should make the most of their time and put their their heart into their studies.
On university students' pressure in finding jobs about a decade ago, university students could find satisfactory and enviable jobs after their graduation.
But now, things are different.
Today, university students usually have much pressure in finding fairly good jobs.
They always say disappointedly that graduation means joblessness.
In my opinion, this kind of pressure is mainly caused by three reasons.
Firstly, the government is enrolling more and more university students year by year.
And the growth of students number has surpassed that of the need of the society.
Secondly, university students, most of them are the only-child,who are more mentally frail.
If their first try fails,they will be frustrated and think that it is really hard to find jobs.
Thirdly, some university students are not qualified for good and challenging jobs.
After entering the university,they don't study as hard as they did in high school.
They begin to sleep during the class or even be absent for classes.
Some are addicted to computer games or novels, or step into the two-person-world too early.
Because these things have taken up so much of their time and energy,their study is neglected.
After four years of university life,they haven't gained the knowledge those fairly good jobs or certain positions require.
I'm happy that you want to know something about the Spring Festival in China.
Now, let me introduce some details about Chinese Spring Festival to you.
The Spring Festival has a long history in China.
It can date from ancient China.
To most Chinese, it is the most important festival.
They often spend a long time on the Spring Festival.
Before the Spring Festival, people ofen have a lot of to prepare.
First, they will clean their houses compeletly.
Second, they will buy a lot of delicious food to eat on the Spring Festival Eve.
Third, according to Chinese customs, people will put up couplets.
Couplets are some congratulations written on red paper.
When the Spring Festival comes, it is very happy for all the families.
People always eat dumplings on the Spring Festival Eve.
What's more, they like setting firecrackers and it's the most beautiful thing in the Spring Festival.
Having entered the 21st century, we are faced with more opportunities and confronted with more challenges.
Due to the development of economy, whether students should use credit cards are discussed heatedly.
Some people think that credit cards are harmful to students; however, many people think it's good for students to use credit cards.
As far as I'm concerned, the benefits of credit cards outweigh the disadvantages of it.
Thus, pupils ought to use credit cards.
As is universally acknowledged, there is wide range of merits of credit cards.
First and foremost, as a student of modern society, efficiency to us is water to fish.
If we are faced with an emergency situation and need use money timely, credit cards can help us get rid of this situation.
Let me put it in this way, we can use the money of credit cards advanced and repay the money to bank later.
Futher, no one can deny the fact that using credit cards can promote the economic growth.
For instance, as a huge consumer group, we will use credit cards to buy something we want so that the economy can rise dramatically.
Last but not least, credit cards make it possible for us to live superior to ever before because of its convenience.
If we can't find bank timely or don't take money, using credit card is a convenient way for students.
In a nutshell, it finds an echo in most people's hearts that credit cards are beneficial to students.
Thus, it's a good choice for us to use credit cards.
Nowadays more and more people begin to use Wechat as an instant messaging tool.
It has profound effect on our life in many aspects.
It seems that Wechat has become a necessity of our life .Thanks to it ,we are living a more convenient life.
In other words, we can say that Wecha has changed our life quietly and positively.
There are probably three main reasons for this phenomenon.
First of all,necessity is the mother of invention.
Before Wechat is invented,people kept in touch with each other mainly through phono calls.
As we all know,mobile phone price is so expensive that most people only make a phone call when necessary.
Under the circumstance,Wechat change comes into being as an instant messaging tool.It enable people to contact with each other at a low price at anytime and anywhere.
Secondly,Wechat has various function but messaging.Today we are leading a better life,accordingly,more demands need to be satisfied .Wechat provides us with services such as shopping,entertainment,which are popular with people.
Thirdly, the development of mobile interact and communications devices open the way for the use of Wechat.
For instance,since i had an access to the wireless in my dormitory and bought a smart phone.I have been connecting with friends by way of Wechat.
It is very convenient.
A teacher's personality and teaching methods influence a student's perception of the instructor and the subject he or she teaches.
A student's success or failure in a course depends on how a professor acts as well as on what he or she knows.
I have discovered this through observing two Mathematics teachers.
A teacher's mannerisms can either help or hinder communication in the classroom,and hey can show whether or not he is interested in the students or the subject.
Consider the classroom behavior of Dr.Liu, he looks majestic, tall nose last with a pair of glasses, looks lie downin.
Not only is he working hard and conscientious, the smallest shred is not sloppy.He is severe to us, on his class cannot be late not to sleep, cannot make the sound casually.
Attending class time he very much topic various solution detailed explanations to us listens, to read our work requests to be very also severe each time, makes the mistake to write him to make us revise until him repeatedly satisfies.
In sharp contrast was Dr.Gao, he is a math teacher when I was the second day of his more than 40 years, is usually smiling face, very kind to everyone.
Each class class ringtones playing finished Shi, he only will slowly of from Office to classroom, he usually wearing clothes is simple, sometimes is long only will see he for a new clothes, but with he words said: clothes not more not nice, can wearing on line, in he of class Shang, he allowed students at any time statement, lecture does not knows Shi, on station up said, tired has on lying in table Shang sleep, not effect other students, hungry has on eat things as long as does not issued sound.
Usually his homework without strict regulations, sometimes we find problems.
These two teachers remain to leave behind the different feeling to me, regarding Mr. Liu, in heart he is a serious earnest teacher, the manner is clean, has the dignity, gives the image of our student very big military might.
His strict way of teaching infects us very much, teaching us to work the earnest manner.
But kind kind Mr. Gao, making me know that the relations between student and teacher are very warm, when each time we are defeated are, he will encourage us by friend a status.
He has taught the pleasure of our autonomic learning, making us know that the interest is the biggest teacher, very arid mathematical, knows that we hold the relaxed mentality to contact, can obtain the effect of not being able to think..
Although I respected and learned much from both of these teacher,I had greater respect for Dr.Gao and learn more from him.Dr.Gao was both encouraging and critical,while Dr.Liu was aloof and appeared indifferent to his students' process.
Their contrasting personalities and dissimilar techniques reflected their different attitudes toward their students and their subject.
As we all know, there are more and more people, especially college students, jump into "the river of civil service exam ", and in their opinions, it seems the best job in China.
Maybe you will ask what causes this phenomenon, then I will give you some reasons .First of all, in this society, to be a public servant is an idea job for most people, because there are a lot of fringe benefits about it.For example, compared with other industries, public servants don't worry about laid off, they even have a large of retirement pension.Next, this kind of work is a light job, it doesn't make you painstaking.What's more , if you are a public servant, you will have some power to do things which others people don't have .We see that power is every thing in this society.
What about the second reason ?Public servant is a creditable job, as a result , mang parents encourage their children to be that, no matter their children like or not.Of course, most parents will try their best to give their children a hand.
The last and most important reason is that most students don't have their future plan, so they follow the crowd.Maybe they don't know the nature about the public servant, but they choose it.
According to me, this phenomenon is not benefit for our society, inspite it will help us to build a good system about official, and the quality of public servant will be higher and higher.it will lead to others industries don't have enough talents.And result in the society to be deformed and unrest.As a college student , we are filled with wisdom and creation , we should be self-employment and create more employment chance for the people who are in low-educated.This is our responsibility, even, our mission !
To someone, happiness means getting a good job.
To another, it maybe means living a leisure life without any anxiety.
Anyway, the meaning of happiness varies from person to person.
For me, the most important thing that makes me happy is the willing that I wish everyone who I love or care for can keep healthy, because I think it is the basement of all happiness.
For example, usually, Chinese appreciate the filial piety.
If that happens, what a regret.
Parents raised us up with enduring all kinds of hardships.
So if there is a choice, I would choose the health preferentially.
Maybe someone would ask how we can do if the illness is inevitable, and I just want to say that face up to it and spare no pains to take care of the one you love.
Nowadays, with the development of our society, mobile phone has become more and more vital.
Meanwhile, we've had a discussion about whether we should take mobile phones to school.
Our opinions are divided two part.
Some students are in favour of taking mobile phones to school.
Here are the reasons.
First, we can use it to connect with friends and parents.
Second, we can relax ourselves by playing mobile phones after we finish our tasks.
However, the others are strongly against it.
In the first place, sometimes mobile phones will disturb the classes even influence other students.
What's more, if we always use it to chat and sent messages each other, not only do we waste money but also waste our valued time.
In addition, some students are addicted in playing games.
A few students even use mobile phones to chat in exams.
In my opinion, the fact that mobile phones have many disadvantages is no reason for abandoning it completely.
We can take it to school, but playing it on the class is banned.
Moreover, we should use it properly.
Last but not least, mobile phones are valueable so it's up to us to take care of them.
First of all thanks all of you attending this communication activity.
It is my honored to be here .Today I will systematically introduce the my ways how to pass the CET 4 test.
Let us look at the screen; this preparation will be divided in four parts .Fast reading listening reading and writing.
I will start with the first part.
From what I said today .I hope it will help you to some degree.
If you have any question please show me.
I will give you a pleased answer.
Thanks for your attention.
In the current society,this behaviour that people use plastic bags casually already become a custom.As time goes by,there will be much more problems that people use plastic bags lead to.Like the white pollution,the oil crisis.
What does plastic bags provide for us?Primo,on the positive side,plastic bags do some cotribution.Using plastic bags our life will be able to become convenient .There is no doubt that plastic bags is more convenient than any other bags.If we don't use it,we will get in trouble abselutlly.Moreover,on the negative side.
Plastic bags is disturbing like a fly.
We can see them hang in trees,lie in fields, all around our sight.It can't despite that when animal eat them,they wiil die.In genera,plastic bags do more harm than good.
In my opinion ,even though plastic bags is convenient,they really do more harm.So,we ought to use paper bags more in ordinary time,use plastic bags again under special case.Only in this way can we protect our environment.
There was a moving thing happened in our school last Friday.
It was a common day,but not unusual.A student fainted during the rest.All his classmates were worried about him and they were enthusiastic about helping him.Some students told the teacher about this immediately.Some students called 120 at once.Others moved him to a cool place in other to avoid his situation getting worse and waited for his parents coming.As soon as the students got the permit of the teacher,they hurried sent him to the hospital so that he was treated in time.The student's parents got to the hospital later and appreciated the help of others.
I am a student of the Yangzhou University,and I have found a chemical factory located around our school since last year.I have heard the factory is mainly pro-ducting.It is well-known that the pesticide is consisted of chemical materials,and most of these materials are poisonous.
The factory is usually woking all day,and It always releases a lot of harmful gas everyday.This is very terrible,because the harmful gas is in the air that we are breathing.Although,I haven't found the sick people due to the harmful gas now,the pollution of the factory is a time bomb in the long-term.
I am not exaggerating,because this is an undoubted fact.So I want to say something about the problem.Firstly,I think the factory shouldn't be built around the school,because there are many students in the school.Secondly,the factory's garbage is very harmful to the people and the environment,so I think the government should control the emission of the factory.Finally,I hope growing people can realize the environment problems around them,and do their best to help the environment.
As is vividly revealed in the picture ,a person who lives in a house with some electronic productions and books ,which likes the snail's shell, calls take-out foods.
By the way ,80% of graduate college students with flat-share, and their living space is small, the living environment of confusion ,health conditions are really poor in a research.
There are diversified reasons.
To begin with, many graduate college students are used to stay in the dormitory without any classes and depend on the computers.
Furthermore they can not get the boss's approval because of their abilities can not meet the social work.
They have shorter work experience but more theoretical knowledge.
Lastly, many of them eager to compete in big cities like Beijing and Shanghai, where talents are abundant and positions are limited.
In conclusion, i think that college students who still read in the school should be actively and participate in various social practice.There is no doubt that the part-time job is a good way to accumulate more work experience.
What is more , going to a library to read all kinds of books which can open our mind and guide us to complete something one day.
have a correct concept of employment.
In my opinion, it's important for us to use leisure time to improve our mind through some activities.
Taking part in some meaningful activities during our leisure time is of great benefit to us.
It makes us keep thinking.
For instance, every time we read a wonderful book which attracts our attention, we'll think about the characters, lines, plots in it, trying to understand the key points and the background of the story.
Meanwhile, various activities help us to color our life.
At the same time, we can spend our leisure time in a healthy way, which can help us strengthen our body.
It's not wise to just stay at home, reading the whole day.
We need some exercise, such as jogging, hiking and tripping.
These outdoor activities benefit us both physically and psychologically.
We can relax ourselves during the exercise, consuming excess fat and build up our body.
Besides, in most cases, we may do these activities in groups.
Under this circumstance, we stand a chance to learn team spirit and to improve ourselves.
In view of company has won a large export with foreign country,so, the company plans to organize foreign language training for you.
The directors of all departments, the courses will start on October 25.2014.
I think my mother is the person I should love most,because my mother is so kind and thoughtful that I love most .I love my mother so much .I ,for example ,need loveing care in order to be more healthy.So my mother takes care of me regardless of winter or summer.
In spite of my mother is not often playing with me ,I konw she loves me very much.
My mother is a good cook which can make delicious food.Recendly,I want to be a good listener,because I can listen to my mother's thought,I can clear that my mother is happy or not happy.The more gentle my mother is,the more I love her most.
I also want to be a helper which help my mother do housework.Only in this way I can express I love my mother like my mother loves me.And we are so happy together.
As time goes by ,my mother became older and older,I wish I could care my family instead of my mother,because of love.And I will be gentle to everyone ,because that is my mother teaches me.
I am glad that you are interested in our productions and thanks for your enquiry for fireworks and firecrackers.
You are desirous of entering into direct business relations with us,this is just our desire,too.
We have known that you need for these goods urgently.So, we will deliver them as fast as possible.
Quantity:1000 pcs.
Price: US $50.00 per piece CIF U.K.
Shipment: One month before Guy Fakes Day.
We are anticipating a miraculous order from the U.K.,and that will cause a sharp rise in price.
We are looking forward to receving your order.Thank you very much.
As is vividly revealed in the picture above, the boy tell his mother that he needs a laptop to do his assignment, his mother meet his demands easily with pleasure .The picture describe vividly a kind of common phenomenon around us that parents spoil their children.
