The main way we learn the things happen long time ago is according to the book.
People will try their best to write the things in their stage in their way.
When we read books, we have the opportunity to learn everything.
The content in the books contains the knowledge all over the world and every aspect.
We can read the knowledge about biography, science, technology, culture, economic and so on from the book.
It is hard not to broaden vision from reading.
Secondly, reading can cultivate our taste.
I am sure that reading some elegant sentence or the beautiful things described in the book will make us feel relax and comfortable.
And we all know that the more knowledge a person has, the better-behaved he will be.
I think this is the charming of reading.
If there are more people like reading, the world will become more civilized.
The importance mentioned above just a part of reading.
It is irreplaceable in human beings' life and makes what we are.
Nowadays, generation gap becomes more serious.
Parents and children cannot understand each other, and teachers and students can hardly understand each other either.
We have to think how to build a good relationship without gaps.
The most important thing is being a good listener.
It can help build better relationships.
It helps parents understand their children and decrease the gap.
It helps teachers understand their students and meet their needs.
It helps classmates develop their friendship and help teach each other.
When others are telling you about something, please listen to him and show your respect.
Firstly, you should look attentively at his eyes when he is talking to tell him that you are listening carefully.
Secondly, you can make some comments on what he is talking about to tell him that you know his problem.
Thirdly, it is better not to always say "Yes" and "I know" because they may think you are indifferent and perfunctory.
Anyway, try to be a good listener.
My favourite place is our playground.
When I feel tired and unhappy,it is the best place to go to.
When I feel bored,we can do many interesting things on it.
the playground is very big and clean.
And I like playing basketball and with my bestfriends because doing sports helps myforget all my trouble.
Our home has been seriously polluted.We must face the music that the pollution problems are more than before and not only in the cities,but also in countryside.Global warming,the dirty water and air,polluted foods and fewer trees and animals.We put rubbish into the rivers and the seas.This makes the water becoming dirtier and dirtier.We cut down the trees.This action kills the animals and makes the trees becoming fewer.We burn things for energy and put gas into the air.The air is becoming dirty.We must solve these problems.But how can we protect our Earth?
Here are some ways to protect the Earth.First,we cannot throw the rubbish everywhere.Second,use plastic bags and disposable products as few as you can.Third,just stop putting the dirty water into the rivers and the seas.Fourth,recycling things.The last,we must plant more and more trees.It is important to protect the Earth.
We have only one Earth.It is our home.I hope all of us can protect the Earth together.Just do something for Earth,because it is time to rescue it.Nothing is more important than the Earth.
As is know to all ,books are the resource of knowledge and can not only broaden our horizons but also build our minds.Books are to human what milk is to babies .So,it is very important to equip yourself with various books when you at university.
As far as i am concerned ,just reading the books about our career is not enough.Instead,we should acquire all kinds of culture and knowledge from diffrernt books.you can read some books about philosophy and science which can expand you thoughts.Masterpieces from home to abroad are also recommended to make you erudite.And you can also read some boks about art ,poems ,music and so on to develop your interests and motivate your creation .
Of course ,there are many useful books I don't mention .You can make decisions according to your own opinion.After reading them ,you will find it easy to learn courses and adapt to social life .
There are both advantages and disadvantages of going to the cinema and at home to watch films.
Although there are a lot of people who prefer watch films at the home to go to the cinema,I would like to watch films at the home.
In my opinion,I believe that watching film at home is much better than go to the cinema.when you stay in home,you can do whatever you want,so that you can eat,play or even sleep in the sofa.
Even thought the film's quality,or acoustic are much better than DVD,the air at home is full of relaxation,and you will enjoy it.
On the other hand,going to the cinema may cost much more than watching at home.
What's more,advantages about watching film at home are that,DVD could be controlled by yourself,you can change or stop when you want.
All in all,I believe that watching film at home is more better rather than go to the cinema,in that it more convenient and comfortable,in addition to these,watch at home the price is more reasonable.
Nowhere can you find a " work of art" like 3Giphone with more minimal design and more power.
Across all its body, only an in-ornate screen and a tiny button can be seen.
Weighing in your hand, you may find it as light as 120 grams.
Lying in your pocket, it requires the minimum space of 115x61x11.6 mm3, which is hardly enjoyed with other ones.
Besides, its multifunction is another overwhelming advantage we cherish.
We admire 3Giphone's "touch screen" design where the original tool of writing---fingers---works all along.
Taking it with you, you can indulge in the consecutive play of music for as long as 16 hours.
What's more, it supports the Wi-Fi, which connects the world with you wherever you are.
All rolled up in one, 3Giphone must be your ideal choice.
Certainly but unfortunately,one day we do feel stressful.
As emotional human beings, we always encounter various affective problems and experience stress,resulting from numerous factors,including financial or academic expectation,limited resources,job competition and so on.Before being under stress,we should realize that stress is a monster that does harm to ourselves,our friends and family,even our society.
So it's of significance for us to learn more about the abominable effects of stress.
Firstly,stress makes people have some physical problems.When it comes to this,some of us can not agree more that it's stress which causes us to have headache.
Being in stress, people always feel that his or her skull puff up and is going to burst out through scalp.
Another common symptom caused by stress is phalacrosis and emaciation.
And there are some people having a serious phalacrosis and being a baldy after several months because of the devil,stress.
I do believe a large number of people look haggard and wan.
What's worse, it's said that stress is widely perceived as contributing to coronary heart disease.
Furthermore,stress does harm to people mentally,which is more serious.
As you know, we will be tense and anxious when being under stress.
It makes us uncomfortable and dysphoric.
If so, you could not calm down and do your job or study with a relaxing and concentrative mind.
The quality of your work will be poor,while the efficiency will be decreasing.
As darkness fell outside, you do have difficulty to be asleep.So you toss and turn restlessly in your bed all night.
That's we call insomnia.
Maybe you have to take hypnagogue to assist you to sleep.
And then, in order to have a good sleep,you take hypnagogue again and again.
Regularly,you become addicted to hypnagogue,which is not really beneficial to you.
Next, another problem is coming.
You may hold a negative attitude towards life and become a melancholic eventually.
Obviously, you have to spend much time and money on your depression.
Seriously,maybe it's too painful for you to endure melancholia and you may commit suicide.
Additionally, stress also is a danger to society.
The first thing is stress makes people volatile and irritable, so that some of them will do harm to others easily and frequently.
Secondly, it's believed that stress may lead to a high rate of crimes.
Suffering from serious stress,some people drink excessively or take drugs so as to reduce stress as well as tension.
And then those who become addicted to alcohol and drugs may commit suicide or have a drunken driving.
Thirdly, you may have a tense relationship with your family and friends, resulting from your insufferable stress.
Then your life will be boring and monotonous without sincere friends and a harmonious family.
From what I have mentioned above, you do learn that stress is a monster, which is dangerous for our body,our mind and our society as well.
Without a scientific and appropriate attitude,we could not deal with this dangerous monster timely and effectively.
So if you find yourself be in stress,do not ignore its influence and what you should do firstly is reducing your tension and stress through entertainment or sports.
In life,everyone has an experience about stay at home alone.
One day,my parents were out and left me alone.
I am so happy at first.
After school,I threw the bag to the bed as soon as I got home.
I watched TV and played the computer games to the midnight.
Soon after,they were coming back.
So,don't play to the midnight when you stay at home alone.
Some people suppose that character education is only to let students acquire knowledge.But I believe character education isn't only give education,nevertheless also teach students what they can do and what they can't do.
And a teacher could tell students what is political,such as filial duty and honest.
In the present society,moral cultivation is very important.If we lose our moral quality,we can't do anything.But how can we cultivate moral,it's a question.At this time.The importance of school is expressed.Character education has supposed us to improve the moral quality.And then we can strive for further improvement.
Because it is our traditional virtue,and it can express the comprehensive quality of us.
So the moral cultivation is very important.
We must improve our moral quality.Thus in the society for a space for one person.
As we all know,everyone has a dream,and on some people's heart ,there are plenty of dreams.As the saying goes,'Where there is a will,there is a way.
'All of us want dream come true,but you should pay a lot of hard work,then ,you can experience the happiness of succeed.
Last summer holiday,I failed the college examination.My heart was filled with sorrow and even nothing could make me happy again.I wanted to go to university,that's my dream.Although I was very sad,I didn't give up my dream.So I determined to spent one year to realise my dream.Then,I came back to my classroom again.
The days were so boring.Every day,the papers just like the flood,flew into my mind.Can you imagine a person spend his 18 hours on classroom?
Yes,that's true,but I didn't give up.
That year,my best friend was my little light.I treated it as my partner at night,and then the lone would far away from me.
Another matter was the exam.So many times,I looked at my paper,but my mind was at a blank,just because of the mark.I suppose that my hard work didn't pay off,but I didn't want to cry,you know,I can't cry.At that moment,a famous person's words came to my mind,'When you are working for your dreams,as long as you have the perseverance,you should believe you can taste succeed one day.
That's true.You have dreams,you must pay tears and hard work,especially perseverance.What't more,convenience also plays an important part.My hard work just like the sunshine ,making my dream come true eventually.One year later,I saw the university's gate finally opened for me.So,you can see,as long as you work and don't give up,everybody will harvest a good result.
The Internet a very important in our daily life.Everyday many people surf the Internet.With the help of Internet you can obtain many useful information,you can make friends with different people.
When you meet difficult in your life.you can chatting with your friends on the Internet.More,After study you can watching movie make you relax.
However,every coin has two sides.There is so much rubbish on the net,which are some medium messages about crime.Net also make people waste time on it.In addition,more and more finanvial crimes such as money laundering are committed via the Internet.Negative impacts on young people because there a lot of obscene and violent contents on line.
In my opinion,I completely agree with the latter view that the internet has more disavantages than advantages.It gives rise to people's mental problems.It results in various computer crimes.We should correctly take the advantage the net,make our life more beautiful.
Now, I hope you have some ideas of Chinese Spring Festival.
In China, the Spring Festival is the grandest festival of the year.
Because it means a new start.
Before the Spring Festival, we have a winter holiday.
We often do some cleaning at home just like sweeping, it stands for sweeping the bad things away.
Then we put up couplets.
And we buy some new clothes to dress up for the Spring Festival.
Children also buy many different kinds of food like candies and nuts to prepare for the festival.
During the Spring Festival, family members get together to cook dumplings, beef and many other delicious then we have a big meal.
And we chat happily and watch TV programmes together, then elders give money to children.
We always stay up late into the night until 12 o'clock, and we set off firecrackers to scare ghosts and monsters away.
That's what we do for the Spring Festival.
Recently, there has been a wide disscusion about whether students should bring their phones to school.
Here are some of my personal views.
Every coin has two sides, so does bringing phones to school.
On one hand, there are some advantages of this fact.
It is convenient to contact with parents and friends with a phone.
Moreover, smart phones can bring us a lot of fun.
On the other hand, it is also noticeble that using phone in class may disturb teachers and other students.
What's more, it is a waste of time to chat with others online or send messages to friends.
In addition, few would disagree that playing games and cheating do harm to students.
In my opinions, students shouldn't use phones in class.
Playing mobile games or cheating during examnations is also inappropriate.
Meanwhile, mobile phones are valuable that we are supposed to keep them cautiously.
Tao Wang.
In the modern time,there are a part of college students develop some bad habits,for example,they always stap up,cost money over their degree and are addicted to computer games.In fact,these unhealthy habits are harmful to college students.If they keep their life style like that usually,their bodies will becom more and more worse,they will feel sleepy when they are having classes.
As a modern college student,we should have a good body and spirit.We can build our bodies by doing morning excise or playing basketball and so on absolutely.It is a good choice that read some meaningful books instead of playing computer games.We should form positive attitude to spend our college life.Olny in this way can we have a good college time.
Keller helen is my hero.
She was a year old when she went to the hearing and vision,and became a deaf mute.
She is an American composer,educator,with his courage to be admitted to the harvard university.
Howard Gardner and his wife lived in Nan Jing with their son.
At a hotel, the boy was interested in dropping the key through a slot into a box.
But he failed to do this because of his tender age and incomplete understanding.
On seeing this, Chinese people approached and held onto the boy'hand to teach him how to do it, which caused Howard consider.
In China, people hold the view that children should accomplish things as soon as possible, so "Teaching by Holding His Hand " is suitable.
Chinese people attach importance to improving students'performance by continual shaping and molding them.
Although it can assist students to pick up skills quickly, it neglects creativity.
Therefore they are thought to be lack in creativity.
In contrast with them, westerners give priority to originality and independence.
They think for themselves and solve problems on their own.
It may need much time, but people can find their way in due course and promote their ability as well as creativity.
In terms of the contrast which is valid and obvious, the author got the view that the fostering of skills and creativity are both worthwhile goals.
So if people can strike a balance, they will be more intelligent.
Different from Lingling.
Lingling.
Lingling Lingling and Liu Lili is very good friends, they are very high, like straight hair, but Lingling's hair is long and straight, Liu Lili hair is short and straight hair.
They have different hobbies, Lingling like to read a lot of books, Liu Lili is fond of sports.
They are very popular, very outgoing, sociable disposition is sedate, serious, but Liu Lili's character is very humorous, love joking girl very hard learning, in learning a lot of problems, but Liu Lili is very clever, many times to help solve the refugee problem.
Recently, multitudes of parents ask their children to study overseas before senior high school graduate.
It has become such a common phenomenon that it has aroused the concern from the whole society.
That is because their parents expect them having a good educate.
Especially wish them have a good job.
Faced with unemployment rate's increase, most parents can help their children only in this way.
As far as I am concerned, it hasn't a good effect for them.
The reason is that, it can bring more and more pressure for their children.
Besides, your children will feel his study very monotonous, that's because he thinks his study for you.
All in all, you can ask your children study overseas when he graduates from college, it better than senior high school graduate.
In our society,English is being more and more important.As astudent.I must study English conscientious in orthe to being success.If my English level raise,I will being confident.As we know,many important books and literature are written by English,If we don't have some Englishskill and foundation,we willlearn less than the others,so I want to study English.
Nowadays, many people have a close relationship with their pets.
There people treat their birds, cats, or other animals as members of their family.
In my opinion,such relationships are good.
As all we know, there are plenty of animals around the world.
As far as I am concerned, animals are our best friends, and it is of great importance to love them.
Now these are lots of people select dogs to be their friends, especially in the Unite States, they make friends with dogs, in order to diminish feelings of isolation; furthermore, the voice of dogs are comforting.
Besides, we can improve the feelings of love, not only can we care about our dogs, but also care of other people.
Meanwhile, they often go for a walk with their dogs, and dogs can help people look people look at their houses.
On the anther hand, it is convenient for us to reduce our pressure.
Whatever dogs or other pets, it always has many benefits.
Dogs always in our sides when we get into trouble.
Therefore, pets are vital if we want to have one.
Anyway, we should try our utmost to love animals, and build a good relationship with them.
And have a happy life with animals.
There have been many reports about the low quality of air in many areas, which bring to the public care about air pollution.
Air pollution is one of the major problems of the modern world.
It usually causes certain substances into the atmosphere by human activity and the natural process, presents enough concentration, achieves enough time, and thus endangers the human comfort, health and welfare.
The reason for this is not far to seek.
It involves two factors.
One reason is natural factors, such as forest fires, volcanic eruptions, the other one is human factors, such as industrial waste gas, coal, and automobile exhaust, etc.
In my opinion, the problem is mainly attributable to human factors.
A large number of civilian life in the city spend a lot of coal stoves and heating boiler, coal release a lot of dust, carbon monoxide, harmful material in the combustion process.
Not only that, with the development of urbanization, more cars are needed, which will make the air pollution worse.
These will bring some serious dreadful consequence.
For people, if inhaled for a long time, it can cause lung cancer, acute poisoning; for manufacture, it can cause corrosion of industrial materials, equipment and building facilities; for agriculture, it can cause acidification of soil and affect the normal growth of plants; for the weather, it can cause the "greenhouse effect".
It is urgent that proper actions be taken to control air pollution.
On the one hand, planting more trees is a good way, which helps maintain the oxygen level in the air.
Besides, trees can keep water and soil and are able to prevent the land desertification.
On the other hand, we should use the most advanced technology, in order to adopt new forms of energy as substitutes for fossil fuels.
Try hard to use transportation which is environmental friendly, like walk, ride a bicycle.
It is often said that love is a wonderful and simpl thing.In my life ,my favorate is my parents.I love them very much.
They may is not enough beautiyul in the world,but Ilove their sweet smile and kind attitude.My parents always give my lots of love.They often asks me how i get along wih my studies and encourages me to study hard.And or,pointing out my mistekes when I am wrong timely.
Like me.for example,on one occasion,I failed in the exam.Hearing that I could hardly hoid back my tears,I felt that the world had become cold and everyone seemed to be laughing at me.It was my parents who keeps encouging me noot to lose heart ,which made me take heart of grance to face fail.and then when my was ill.They always took care of me carefully.So far,parents is the best people who treat me.
I am very lucky to have such a good parents.I konw they love me more than anything eles in the world.I am so deeply moved that tears came to my eyes.I wil respect and love them forever.
Being polluted by the harmful gases produced by cars and factory,the air is becoming dirtier and the main cities are suffering from great pollution.The forest is destoyed by the people,which results in the serious environmental problems as well.Hence,people have to endure the harmful things spread in the air and even absorb them,which lead to lung cancer and do great harm to our health.To stop the pollution,government should control the quantities of cars and ban factory from pouring waste without necessary process.As for we,we should go out on foot and use buses as our vehicles more.
With the development of the social, there are widespread habits of college students.
In their mind, the college students's daily life is so boring that need exciting something.
So they always go to bed very late to watch TVs or play games.
In addition, it takes students too much money to buy famous products.
Apart of students use class time to play game or watch TV so that they couldn't focus attention on studying courses.
They are staying up too late to lack energy frequently.
Also they consume excessively,which gives their parents too much borden.
In fact, we are all do the best to go to college, therefore, it is advisable for us to study hard as soon as possible.
We should overcome these unhealth habits.
As far as I am concerned that I think only strong will can we make a success.
In recent years,Blog is extremely popular in many countries..A number of people use Blog to express ideas of their own about politics and events in the world.Even they can exchange ideas with others.
Why is it so popular?On the one hand,some people who have some ideas about something intend to share them with others or don't tend to let others recognize who they are,so they discover a medium to speak their ideas freely-----Blog.Otherwise,they also can make friends with many people.On the other hand,they can quickly spread information in terms of the Blog.
I suppose that they are the reasons as far as I concerned.
Though Blog brings many benefits,its negative influence is dispensable.Such as some lawless elements via it spread rumors.Also a few businessmen in terms of it advertising,it is likely to harm the interests of the users.Beyond that,it is easy to make mistakes because that the content of blog is tiny and short and it may result a large number of people indulging and unreal due to Blog pertain to"the symbol world".
Above all,Blog benefits a lot but also conspicuous shortcomings.
As a consequence,I think that relevant departments should be standard let Blog to the public bring more benefits.
Every afternoon when I came on duty as the evening nurse, I would walk the halls of the nursing home, pausing at each door to chat and observe.
Often, Kate and Chris, their big scrapbooks in their laps, would be reminiscing over the photos.
Kate and Chris were always together in the dining room, the lounge, strolling around the big porches and lawns, always holding hands.
We often wondered.
I went into Kate's room, her eyes never shifted; she only stared.
The weeks passed, and bedtime wasn't any better.
I miss him so, all those years he kissed me good-night.
I just can't seem to go to sleep without his kiss.
Chris used to sing me a song.
I think the old know what loving truly means,the young can only guss.I admire Kate and Chris.
Nowadays, Is be coming more and more student that ignore to lean English without spell.
From where I stand, the main reasons for this addiction as follows.
From one's point.
The English study very difficult, same people should read; write; listen and others.
Once addiction to it, they only have passed the exam.
Write a composition; hear question not important for it.
It is urgent that immediate and effective actions should be taken right away.
First, teacher be asking student pay attention to spell.Then,as student should sign right way with lean English.
As to change them opinions, remind yourself to a purpose for use English to communicate with others.
Until they to realize spell as extremely as English.
Only a spontaneous feeling of lean English with can really inspire us to act on their behalf.
are kept in zoos.Shall we keep animals in zoos?
Forty percent of people think that animals should be kept in zoos.First,people can see many kinds of animals in the zoos so that they don't need to go to wild.Second,animals can be taken good care of in the zoos,and zoos can also protect them from hunger and illness.
The other sixty percent of people think that animals should live in the wild,because animals love living in the wild.In addition,animals are controlled in the cages and they lose their freedom.
In my opinion,animals should live in wild,because nature is their home and they don't belong to human beings.I think people should stop polluting the environment and using the animals furs.I hope that no more kind of animals will disappear.
On the media recently there are a lot of about "China One"discussion, colleges and universities, such as India, refusing to accept China's children, because contemporary children independence is poor .
School that a child in life cannot be independent on study will also lack of consciousness and creativity.
The quality of independence is very important to the child lifelong development business oppotunities to the child.
As a teenager, I can't agree more it.
I think let children make their ownchoices would benefit them adapt to this society.
Let them make their own chocies is extremely significant.
First of all, In China , our children always depends on parents.
Whether big and small thing , China parents are involoved.
Something even helped the kids make decisions.
So the poor led to their dependence.
In contrast , In Western countries , where the parents are particularly focused on fostering children independence.
And so , theiroverall quality is very highand clearly they have to do things, I think this is our difference with them.
Second, if many parents always too much time helping and determining their children's future.
I think these parents didn't do any good.
So that they will spend a lot time, there is no way to do something else.
After the child will be more depend on their parents.
Finally, It seems to me the children decide to do more things for themselves, the parents let the kids try to open myself .
If I have kids things they can not decide, then the parents shouid be for the kid out of ideas , rather than to help them make decisons.Of course ,in some cases,the parents should give children some help.Children entering school,for example,also do not know how to learn,parents can do some specific guidance or tutoring.But should pay attention to two questions:one is to guide the children to think for themselves,to solve the difficulties in learning and not arranged to replace;The second is to the purpose.When children are unlikely to learn,parents can with appropriately,temporarily when the children walking stick.But when a crutch fundamental purpose is to help children come over difficult.Learn to independent learning,rather than the stick when a child forever.
As I have take part in the model united nations, I have to prepare the position paper.
For I knew nothing about the topic before I attend it.
So I had do something to learn about the topic, and the attitude of the country we stand.
The topic of the Model United Nations is the Syrian Crisis.so I check the Internet to find the informations about the Syrian Crisis.
As the Syrian Crisis is so complicated which had influence so many place include the Arab countries and Non- Arab countries.
As we stand for Iran, so I had to find the relationship between Iran and Syrian.
Thus I had to find the news about the Syrian Crisis and the influence of it to Iran.
From the Internet and the newspapers, I knew something about them.
However, its not enough to prepare the position paper.
The position paper should not only include the influence,but also need to talk about the country's attitude.
Therefore, I must know the Iran's interest and the attitude about the problem.
Also , I need to learn about the other countries' attitude especially the United Nations' attitude.
With so many informations, I know the position of Iran.
After a series of preparation, I know how to prepare the position paper.
At the same time, I know if we want to do a thing well, we should pay more attention to the information searching.Only do the details well, can we really gain something.
I often a person at home, I was very lonely.
I a person playing computer games, a people eat, a people watching TV, a person to sleep.
My parents on a business trip, I a person at home, in a cooking I do bad, hungry belly.
I think my parents, think they go home quickly, I don't want to stay at home.
As we can see, houses are more and more difficult to purchase in cities.
In accordance with many experts and Market Analysts, houses are more than before but few people can afford to buy them.
That is why more and more people can't settle in comfortable houses and the position of housing is getting worse.
Many problems are from the practical problem of housing in society.
We can find three reasons to explain it.
The first is that the growing population.
It is said that population is the starter of many social problems.
It is true because of the urbanization.
The second is that the speculation of houses.
Many rich people drive up the prices of houses and collect many houses to sell.
This process has made the prices growing and growing .
The third is that the economic crisis around the world.
People can't afford the high prices of houses so that the quality of the housing position is getting worse.
So for those problems I think there are some ways to solve it.
The first is that the government should strengthen macro-control and control the price of houses.
Adjusting the price and attack the crisis.
The most important is that rent more houses in low price for poor people and construct more economic houses.
The second is that improving the position of housing and construct more satellite towns to decrease the stress of housing.
I's a long time i didn't talk with your.
I'm very miss your.
Now I  am going to graduate, i'm very hesitant, after graduation.
I want to stay in the city or in the country.It's very imporent  with me.
In the first, city traffic is convenient, more jibs and high wages.
Secondly, well,is the grocery shopping convenient or ound here.
But country air is good and uncrowded.
I hope parents can give me a suggestion.I'm looking forword to your letter.
Wish your good health.
Everybody has distinctive habit and the way of learning have to be different.Everyone wants to get to a good achievement.So we could exchange the way of learning and good ideas to improve ourselves.There are some suggestions I want to talk with you.
We have to study hard when we want to learn something well.So we should take the words of teacher to heart,it's very useful.
Look a book is also a good way to get information.A good book could be change our life.As the same reasons,Internet can Be useful.My favorite way of learning is learn by Surfing Internet.But as we all know,Surfing Internet is also could be harmful.So we should use it scientific.
And talk with friends often.Friends will tell you some good ideas.It is indeed a good way of learning.
Where there is a well,there is a way.I think if we study hard and are used to thinking how to learn well.We could do it well.And we will find a good way of learning for us.
My name is X,and my Enlish name is Sharon.
I come from Y. I've finished my senior high school education in The Senior High School Attached Z Univerysity At Q.
As a girl,shopping is my favourite hobby.Also,I like watching movie,reading and listening to music.But,today's movies is more and more boring,the books content increasing lack of meaning.Playing basketball,football,swimming, sports is not my hobby.Maybe,caring for nothing but eating,is the best way to introduce myself.
A lot of people ask me what kind of work will do in the future,I also tell them I would like to work in human resources in the office.However,I do not major in Human Resources Management.
I think I need to rethink my future work.
Because of what I major in my college,I hope I can learn how to get along better than others.I'm not good at having a freewheeling conversation to others.In my future work,I will often deal with others.So,I need to contact my skill about how to have a heart-to-heart talk.
It is nationally known that exercise builds both the physical and mental quality .
It has a positive benefit to us,which can helps us have a health body and an active life .
As we all know , the proper sports activities is an opportunity to intensify nearly all parts of our bodies .which can keep our physical fitness .
Not only l our bones and muscles can be enhanced but also our minds and brains can benefit from exercises .
Scientists of Public health college in Harvard found that doing some certain exercises , for example three hours per week can lower the risk of men's heart attack by 22% .In addition , exercise also maintains our psychological health .
We release ourselves from strain in work and life after taking part in some recreational activities .
Besides , what we can learn from exercise is consideration , cooperation , optimism and so on .
All the statements from above indicate that exercise has no doubt unexpected benefits .
The Dragon Boat Festiva is also called Duanwu Festival on the fifth day of the fifth month of Chinese lunar calendar.
It is a significant festival in China and full of deep history.
It has been celebrated to be in memory of Qu yuan, a very famous poet inchina.
When Duanwu Festival approaches, people have various of methods to celebrate this festival.
On that day, people always eat rice dumplings and watch dragon boat races.
Generally, people make different kinds of rice dumplings, including meat and vegetable rice dumplings.
No matter what shape and kinds of taste they are, they are popular.
And on this day, people will hold Dragon boat races all around China, which is for Qu yuan.
Competing teams row their boats forward to a drumbeat racing to reach the finish end first.
It is well known that Qu yuan committed suicide by dumping into a river.
Thus, people memorialize him by taking gragon boat races on this day.
Although the DragonFestival could make us fun in recent years, it reflets chinese custom and expresses our specific fellings for Qu yuan.
Tom, I'm glad that you had a nice birthday party last week.
Let me tell you something about my birthday.
My birthday is on August 26th.
I often celebrate the birthday with my parents.
When my birthday come, I for the most part go sightseeing by myself and have a big dinner with my parents.
I can receive many present on my birthday, but my favourite present is a pink watch, it was given by my father 3years ago, and I like it not only it is very beautiful but also it brings my father's love, and I take it with me every day.
These are all about my birthday.
Yours, Li hua.
According the research,form 1990 to 2010,the percentage increases from 0 to 24%,then to 58%.So we can see the percentage of college students taking part-time jobs are sharp growing.
In my opinions,this phenomenon is attributed to there reasons.for one thing,the students have more free time when they are in college,so they can select some part jobs.for another thing,they can do some part-time jobs to get some money to buy what they wat and go where they like.for this,they are able to help their parents ease the burden.Finally,they may want to observe and learn from real life,in order to prepare better for the working life in the future.
In a word,I think the part-time jobs are good for us in our free time,but we should not affect natual study in school.
As we know a old proveb "Where there is a will, there is way",the proved inpove Strong Will is important to Succeeds, So if you make up your mind to do it, you will certainly accomplish your end.
That stands to reason.
So as for students like us, we should have a good attitude towards failure.
and though strong will help us overcome the difficulties.
For example, when we plan to quit smoking, our roommates may smoke freely in front of us; when we are eager to keep fit, our close friends may invite us to have late night snacks.
So we shold to lean powerful spirit when we making the difficulties.Have Strong Will who can you easy to be successful.
Someone talk to me that they like to sing English songs.But they don't know how to learn.Now I share my way to learn English songs.
First of all,you should recognse the words in the song though you don't understand there meanings.And pronounce them in a right way.
Second,listen to the singer how to sing the song again and again.Especially his/her pronounciation.
Third,follow the singer to sing the song.If there are difficulties to sing,go back to the point.
This is my way to learn English songs.I hope it can help you.
In modern society, we need to build good personal relationship with others, so that not only do we need to express our thoughts but also we need to be a good listener.
Being a listener shows that we respect others and it can promote understandings between different people.
In daily life, when parents listen to their kids they build a firmly confidence between two generations and remove the generation gap.
When it comes to teachers, being a good listener helps teachers get to know about their students, and satisfies students' requirement, it also helps teachers build themselves a friendly image.
When students listen to each other, they build friendship and help each other's study, listening to each other also helps them learn communicating abilities.
Being a listener is an act of art, it needs patience, wisdom, and confidence.
It also needs suitable body language, in response to others we only need nod our heads and smile.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
In the future, I will go to college and find a job that I want to do, perhaps I will have a happy life with my family, and with two lovely childrens.
Every morning I do some exercises with them, on vacation, l will also travel around the world, probably l will bring my parents.
ln a word, l will much richer and more colourful and happier in the future.
Everyone has his own dreams.
Me too.
My fist dream is to have an intelligent mobile telephone.
I have such a dream because I have no intelligent mobile telephone.
My parents think it can affect study.
I know it is not very good for me but I think it is interesting so I want to have it.
My second dream is to grow up and want to be a manager.
I think this job is very bearing.
I like to wear the work-clothes and hight-heelep shoes in the office.
I like to enjoy life in the busy.
So I must put great effort into my studies.
They are my dreams.
A few days ago, at the end of the famous TV show < The Voice of China > , I heard the song < The sky will be more blue if there are dreams > sung by Eason chan, in the MV, people from different fields are showing their different dreams.
Just as the title of the song, if we have a dream, our lives must be more colorful and our everyday life will be meaningful when we are working hard or studying hard for our dreams.
It is well known that "where there is a will, there is a dream" and it also can be right if we say "where there is a dream, there is a road".
Dreams, no matter common or great, can always courage us when we are disappointed.
But as we grow up, we can always discover that our old dreams have been replaced by the reality.
Just like the Chopsticks Brother's movie < Old boys > .In the movie, they both have their dreams: one of them likes singing and the other one likes dancing, but in reality, one works for the wedding party and the other one works as a hair-dresser.
But at the end of movie, the two old boys walk on the stage of a talent show and realize their dreams.
Yes, in the process of realizing our dreams, reality may be the obstacle, but if we don't give up, we must be successful one day, like the two old boys.
Finally, I hope everyone can realize your dreams, even though it is your old dream.
By the science and technique development,we can see the advertisement everywhere.In my opinion,there are some advantages and disadvantages.
First of all,it is essential for company to make customer recognize their products.There is no doubt that advertisement is a great way to improve their character.If we need some information,the advertisement will offer messages we need.As we all know,it is extremely convenient.
On the other hand,a lot of person may think some advertisement are annoying.For example,when we surf the internet,there always will be a banners.There are some spam in our email inbox.We will frequently feel the advertisement is very troublesome.Consider how many times an average person has been persuaded into buying a product and regret about it.
I think whatever we like or not,advertisement is not likely to leave us.
There is competition everywhere in life, but the most competitive field, I think, is sports.
In order to achieve there goals, many sportsmen suffer a lot.
In my opinion, what encourages them to do so is there belief that fights for honor.
Here i say honor, which doesn't mean that they want other's admiration, but that they want to do their own things without regret.
Take myself as an example.
When i was in the second semester in high school.
I took part in the 100-meter-race.
Before the race, i practiced running everyday and kept a diet.
Although the process was so tiring and took a lot of my time, but i didn't win the game.
I still felt happy, because i have tried my best and there is no regret in my heart.
So, just keep on fighting and trying.
My parents are very funny and kind.
We talk with each other like friends.
But sometimes they are much nagged.
I will introduce my parents.
Firstly, my father is strict with me.
When I was a child, my father liked me very much.
My childhood was happy.
Because I was outstanding in my school.
The bottom line was my father taught me to learn something.
He prefers me to my brother.
Secondly, my mother is gentle very much.
In my heart, my mother is very tired, because of she have to do some housework.
She is too gentle to have no best friend.
It is sad to me.
Mother is angle in my heart.
How beautiful my mother is.
In a word.I love my parents forever.
The image of college life had come to me off and on when I was in high school .But it was not until I entered YangZhou University for one month that I realized the difference between image and fact.
In the past ,I thought if I enter the college I will have enough free time to do anything I like.But now I really feel the college life is very busy, challenging but colorful.
Firstly, We need to get up early, clear our room, and eat breakfast before the morning reading.
Secondly,the teachers in college are different from the teachers in high school who will tell you almost everything you need to do,teach you everything you should know and help you solve every problem you don not know.
In college , the teacher only give you a little guidance.
You have to busy yourselves in taking down notes for your own review.
Thildly,We also have some free time in the afternoon or in the evening .But we will spend the time attending lectures ,reading reference books doing exercise ,going shopping,chatting with friends and so on .We can do so many things in college .And this is different from high school where all my time was occupied by studying.
Last but not least ,when in high school ,I lived with my parents,but now ,they don not live with me .I have to learn to be independent and do everything on my own.
Although it ischallenging ,but I will try to adjust it and make my college life colorful.
The news that 6 college students hire a cleaner has arouses a heated discussion about whether or not college students should hire cleaners.
I think it is childish to do so.
We should depend on ourselves and gain independence through the little things like cleaning.
For many college students, going to the college probably is the first time that they are far away from home, from the parent's care.
Something like doing laundry may be unfamiliar for them and even some of them may never have access to it.
So,I think,it's an opportunity for college students to learn the basic shills for life and handle things themselves.
These small things can definitely help them build independence gradually.
What's more the roommates who do cleaning together may pick up the joy unexpectedly and feel that their dorm is more like a family, which is good for their relationships.
In a word, we, students, should learn to deal with things on our own but not turn to others, as is our first step to grow up.
Nowadays,English is one of Chinese students' needful subjects.
Spelling words correctly is the basis for writing.Students attach less importance to the spelling of words in the process of English study.This phenomenon greatly influences students' writing and brings on worries among teachers.
There are possibly several reasons contributing to this phenomenon.First examoriented education makes the students pay less attention to spelling.Secondly,many English teachers don't provide students with adequate knowledge of building up new words.Last but not least,some students are too lazy to recite words.
Since spelling is one of the most important factors in English study,due attention should be given to it.As fom,I think we should be made aware of the serious consequence of misspelling.Then exams should be modified to add some factors into it,which would help students pay more attention to spelling.Meanwhile, for students themselves,they can through other ways,make them be interested in word spelling.
Economic globalization intensifies the world economic imbalances, and makes the wealth gaps wider.
Economic globalization brought shock to national economy of developing country, and the impact of this is built on inequal relationship basics.
On the one hand, international economic organizations, such as the world trade organization, are mastered by developed countries, which enact various principles, systems and orders for economy running.
On the other hand, the western developed countries have advantages on economy, technology and management, in which the developing country is left far behind.
Competition creates high efficiency, while at the same time, it inevitably leads to the wealth gaps between the rich and poor.
According to the world bank, in1983, GDP in developed countries is 43 times higher than that of the developing countries, by 1994 it increased into 62 times.
Two factors causing this are obvious.
First, interests distribution of economic globalization is imbalanced.
As developed countries are always in owner of capital and advanced technology, they have obvious advantages in competition.
This position makes them rely on dominant right of the price to acquire more benefits when exchanging with developing countries.
Second, market competition makes some social policies face a challenge.
Each country has its own welfare, which maintains social stability.
But globalisation breached the social contract, with the fierce competition of multinational company affecting the wage and employment status.
Our company has won a large export order, so I think it is necessary for some of my staff whose English is bad to attend the foreign language training.
The courses will start at 2:00p.m.
in the meeting room.
I hope you will attend on time.
In current society, there is a great change taken place in the way of Interpersonal communication.
We can see that the network communication has become the main approach.
Of course, the supporters, naturally, do exist.
They hold the view that with the development of technology, the way of communication also need an improvement to keep the pace of the world.
What' more, the network communication undoutedly can benefit us a lot.
For example, it can narrow the distance fo two people, even if one is in The United States while the other is in China.
The opposite ideas, however can be heard that if relying too much on the network communication, the ability of talking with others face to face must be weaken.
In additon, we can't sure that everyone can resist the temptation of the Internet.
I personally believe that making proper use of the computers to keep with others is perfect.
It can help us to contact the distant friends that we haven't meet for a long time or the strangers that both of us have the common interests.
But we must realise that be addicted of playing computer will harm our health.
Sports are very good for our health.
Everyone has a favorite sport.
And my favorite sport is running.
Every time I run in the playground I can enjoy the sunshine.
I running everyday for fifteen minutes per day.
Running can bring excitement and happiness to me and I may forget something which can bother me for several days.
After running my mind and heart return to the best condition.
I do believe that running is the most relaxed and the healthier sport I have ever known.
To most of us, Newton is such a great scientist as he changed our reception of the world in depth.
As a genius, his three laws of motion is still used in almost every part in our life.
However, Newton was never proud of what he had created but just remained humble.
His famous word 'If I can see a bit farther than others, it is because I'm standing on shoulders of giants' shows such great humility and, maybe that's why he was so famous.
At the same time, Newton never stopped trying to know more just like a lamb that is curious about everything new.
He described himself as a boy who was collecting shells on the beach but knew nothing about the ocean in front of him.
So he didn't stop working hard.
In the history appeared so many great person but it was also difficult for those famous to be humble, but Newton did.
So it is why I regard him as my idol.
I think college students should take part in social practice.
The first,taking part in social practice can rich our experience and make our life briliant.As a college student,most of us are common lack of experience about society.We can let us more mature through social practice.So we should cherish every chances that can strong us.Besides,it can make us more confident.Because of this, we don't just think studying.Social practice is more good for us than reading.Due to reading just expend our mental world.On the contrary,social practice can rich our physical world.If when we get into the society,we can adjust to some new environment quickly.In addition,we can learn some knowledge and principle that we cann't gain from the books.
So college students should take part in social practice activitely.
When it comes to the person you love, I think it can replace that you respect or admire.
Someone admired MaYun,because his career is very successful, and was the richest man in China ever.
Someone admired Jackie Chan, because he earned his respect by his own strength,and moved to the international stage.
Finally he became an international star.
Someone admired Jay Chou and he was brilliant.
He is not only writing songs but also singing it.
I think the most enviable is that he married a beautiful wife.
Nevertheless the man I admire most is my father.
"The greatest gifts in life are not purchased,but acquired through hard work and determination.
"my father told me.
My father's height is shorter than me, black eyes, hair is a little white.
And there was a serious look on his face.
Nevertheless he taught me a lot.
Firstly, boys should be brave.
I am afraid of walking at night in my child.
And now I understand that courage is a key factor in success.
The second, not only to get along with others, but also to respect each other.
One of the most important eis to be honest and trustworthy.
To be the truth, I think it especially useful what my father told me.
The men should be brave and cautious.
Always believe that your ultimate goal is attainable as long as you commit yourself to it.
And with sincerity, you will make more friends.
So, I admire my father and he taught me how to be a man and do things.
Nevertheless there is a word that I never speak out to my father,that is:I love you.
As time goes away,I'm 22 years old.I had a lot of unforgettable experience in my life,one of the most memorable is the one thing.
I found a part-time job last summer.I think summer vacation is too long to us.All of us want to do some signification to enrich our life and improve our ability.As for me,I found a job that to be an English teacher.Now I still remembered the first class I had given to them.In the beginning,I can't make them calm down,because I didn't have any experience about it,So I followed the other people to improve my teaching skills.At the third day,a third-grade teacher on leave,so the headmaster asked me to teach them.I said yes without hesitation.The first class I gave them some colors like red green,yellow blue and purple.When I stood on the platform and saw so many eyes with hanger for knowledge,Suddely I felt a sense of responsibility,When I saw the headmaster was encouraged me,I really fall confident.At first,I linked these words into life.The children were very interested in it.Then I try to put these word incorporated into the song that like Two Tigers,I sang it loudly and asked them to follow me.The headmaster was satisfied with me,when I saw the children studied very hard,I felt well.Finally,I played games with them.
This is my most unforgettable experience,I learn much from this thing.A bold attempt is half success.So we should be courageous to face everything.Go ahead please!
Relativitly,College students are more freer in time.A lot of students make full use of their spare time and vocation to do some jobs.That is a very common phenomenon.
Every coin has two sides.Firstly,doing part-time jobs can help the student whose family is nervous in economy solve their economy problems.
Secondly,we can gain knowledge and accumulate social experience through doing part-time jobs.Thirdly,we may ignore our study if we put heart into jobs.
Now that we have learned its good sides and bad sides ,we should handle our time reasonably.
In my opinion, I hold positive attitude for doing part-time jobs.Because it makes me learn something what I can't learn in college.What I lost is not worthy of mention comparing to what I gain.It will lay solid foundation for the future works.
Now I'd like to share the ideal jobs of our group members with all of you.
Li Hua wants to be a fashion designer in the future because she does well in painting pictures and wants to design pretty clothes for the public.Chang Lili's ideal job is to be a gardener because she is fond of plants and wants to make our city cleaner and more beautiful.Ma Kai,who has a geart ideal.He wants to be a professinal writer like Mo Yan.The reason why he wants to be a writer is he likes writing very much and he would like to share his fantastic stories with others.Sun Jun said he'll be a cook in the future because nowadays,most food are unhealthy,he wants to cook green,healthy and tasty food for everybody.So finally what about me?
What's my dream?I'd like to be a doctor because I want to treat the people who are illness and make the people lead a happy life.
At last I want the dreams of all of us will come true.
Thank you.
L will tell myself that college is a place familiar with Middle school but also have some different between this two place.
To be a college student, we must state aim.
L llike my major very much.
And l set astudy aim in order to learn this well.
At college, have much things to be done.
Someone say that as a freshman will have some spare time.
But in my opinion that just you want, you will be so busy at college.
For example, l have much things to do this days.
Everyday, l am so busy and very enjoy it.
L think..
Dear editor, Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
With the development of society,population explosion become a serious problem.And private cars do great harm to the environment, especially air pollution.
As we all know,because of the population expansion and overdevelopment, the problem of lack of water is becoming more and more serious.
The trees on the hills have been cut down is also a problem we can't ignore, the whole ecological balance of the earth will be completely damaged.
It's serious,isn't it?In my opinion, we should realize the importance of environmental protection and make more efforts to protect the environment.We should drive less but more depend on public transportation means.I hope that our future environment will be better.
I got many gifts in my birthday but my favourite gift is a donkey doll.
It is made of cloth,the color of the donkey is blue and red.There is some beautiful flower design on its belly.It is used to sleeping.I love it very much.I got it last autumn,October,first.My best friend knew that I love something lovely,so she gave me this lovely donkey doll.And I enjoy sleeping very much.That's why I like it.I will remember my favourite birthday present:the donkey doll forever.
Different people have diverse opinions.
A snob is content with having a good relationship with some rich guys.
An innocent kid is likely to be satisfied with staring at the blue sky and smiling upon the shining stars.For a kind mother, happiness is to see her family's well-being.
Owning an ordinary family is my greatest happiness, however.
For example, in the morning, mom hurried up to ask my dad and me to get up because dad and I were absorbed in a football game on TV with drinking juice and laughing at the mom of sleep last night.After a meal of delicious sandwich and fresh fruit, dad and I were lying in the warm sun and enjoying being annoyed by mother's chatter.
But after a little while, I fell into a honey-like sleep.
For me, this is happiness.
Happiness is not only of harmony but also of worry.
Parents often wrestle with a great worry of their children's growth.
A wrangle about children's growth between parents is a hot topic in an ordinary family.
It's a good way to express love, however.
I suppose this is another happiness.
Because there is someone still worries about you.You should feel happy.
Anyway, there is no exact definition of the word happiness.But if you want to possess it, just experience it rather than focusing on the results.
In my opinion,an ordinary family is enough to deliver you,embrace you and make you happy when you get lost on the way.Although this kind of family is not so perfect, for me, it is the happiness.
Evere one has a dream, dream can be big or small.
I have dream too my dream is I want get to a good university.
Then find a good job, have a good family.
I think i want like my father be a big boss.
It if I want to have a good job be a big boss I will to study well.
My dream is very difficult, but I will try to computer the dream.
Everyone needs to pay something for their freedom.
Diogenes who has no wealth, but he is free.
Alexander is a monarch who is respected by all his burgher, but he lost his freedom.
Everything has both sides, so has freedom.
In the dictionary,free means"able to do what you want"or"I have no ambitions other than a happy life and be free.
"I love freedom.
I work when I want, I sleep when I tired.
In my mind, who wants the freedom, who takes no ambitions, they just waste their time, and haven't achievement.
Success is the contrary side of the freedom.
Mayun who was not professional in the internet, but he devotes his effort and contributes the internet company in China early.
He makes a big fortune in this project, and gains 5 million$, after that he uses the money to establish his own kingdom"Alibaba".
Now all of us know he is the richest man in our country.
We all admire how rich he is, but one pain, one harvest.
If he just considers how can I have a happy and leisurely life at the beginning, in that way, he couldn't take these achievements.
Although beggar takes the freedom, they just like what I said before, sleep when he was weary, eat when he was hungry.
If you think it carefully, what difference between beggar and pig, animals also take their responsibility, moreover us.
Success haven't quick route, it is just a way which covered with thorns.
As the life gets better,more and more people are interested in the pets.They raise the pets that gradually become their friends.To our surprise,there are many kinds of animals that can be raised as pets.
Not only do people know what is love,but also animals know it.People may feel better to be with lovely animals than to be with human beings,because animals are more simple in heart than people.Besides,animals are usually cute to us,which makes us put our hearts to them.Moreover,many pets can help people solve problems,such as dogs and cats.
In my opinion,we can devote ourselves to the pets,raising them as our children.Love between people and animals should be protected.Raising pets is a great activity to animals and human beings.
Nowadays, the college students always study in classroom.
students face a common question that they lack social practice.
will find that they cannot adapt to the social requirements , even They will be eliminated by the society.
The college students should participate in social practice, which is good for the college students.
on the one hand the social practice can improve the college students operational capacity and the ability to cooperate.
on the other hand it can exercise communicative competence.
So, in my opinion, the college students should participate in social practice , because the College students not only to learn, and to improve their ability to adapt to society Now the social competition is fierce, the college students must improve their practice power, innovative thinking and expand their horizon rather than just as a "bookworm" stay in dormitory or classroom.
Thingking yourseif, if you cannot take part in social practice now, you will be weeded out.
so please change yourself.
Recently there has been an argument about the reuse of textbooks on the internet.
So we should recycle textbooks.
In the first place, recycle textbooks can save paper, China has two hundred and twenty million students, with the textbook in three billion every year, which requires the consumption of eleven million trees.
If the lifespan of textbooks in the extended for a year, it will save a lot of trees.
Secondly, we can contribute it to the poor, this will not only help the poor families, can also save paper.
Last, it can help students have a good habit of the practice of thrift.
So we should recycle textbook.
There has been a heated discussion over the growing income gap now.
Some people hold that the gap is natural because it reflects different contributions that different people make in their work.In their view, those people with high income work hard and long.
Besides, these people bring high efficiency, and create more wealth.
Accordingly, they deserve high pay.
But different people have different opinion, there are always some people who view this gap negatively.
They believe that a lot of crimes happen as a result of this income gap.
Some people make so little from their work that they risk taking criminal acts to get rich.
In fact, experts have long found out that most cases of crime are directly related to low income.
There is another point to back up a negative view against income gap.
For most people, income gap may let they down that they obtain from work.
As anything has two sides, so has the problem of income gap.In my opinion, I believe that this gap may motivate people to compete better in the job market.
When this gap is growing too wide, however, our government should make some policies to get rid of its negative consequences.
With the development of people's living standards,as we all know,Art Festival paly an important role in our daily life,especially,for our colleges.
Arts Festival has become an indispensable part of our lives.
My Idea of a University Arts Festival divided into the following two aspects:Form and Content.
From the form side, I hope our school Art Festival can be a grand festival and gorgeous, filled with vigor and vitality, for certain, whose content is a must.
Form must be varied, so as to satisfy the needs of the school in various Department of the Ministry.In addition, my ideal university festival ,teachers is essential to take part in, not only our students, like this fairly significant activity, teachers should serve as role models,who should be involved , and we are the carnival.
Assuming that teachers can show their talents,we,all of us ,see to it that it can definitely broaden the horizons of what we have.
From the content perspective, I think more should be even better festival, colorful.
On the one hand, I definitely hope that the art of energy, including a variety of activities, such as calligraphy, dance, exhibitions .
Anyway, everything,which will enable us to learn more new things.
On the other hand, I want universities Art Festival to give more than artistic energy entertainment and educational.
Watch the program live from the other activities that we learn of some truth in life, it is the so-called edutainment.
meanwhile, but also cultivate our sentiment,our emotions sublimation.
Above mentioned,that is my idea of a University Arts Festival.The festival is composed of good old days of each university, it is vital to our beautiful part of college life.
We are the university students,harmonious dormitory life is extremely important.
If we seek harmonious dormitory life ,first, we have to speak slowly and briefly in our hostel when we speak with schoolmate.
And second, we should express ourselves in all sincerity and with warmth or with lenient.
And third, we need reasonable brains when the contradict happen.Spoets are wonderful activity to link up.After participating in the sports meeting that the school organizes, so we get to know a lot of new friends, through talking each other, we are all very glad .
Everybody hopes to help each other in study , life cares for each other.
Help to be not to choose the target , choose time , choose the place.
Don't stress yourself too much, but it's always nice to lend a hand.It is important that volunteer or donate.
Being in charitable organizations is a great way to help the less fortunate.
If you can do the above three aspects, you can create a harmonious dormitory environment.
Today it is Sunday.The weather is fine.I wake up at eight in the morning.After breakfast,I do morning exercises.Then,I go to the school bibliotheca.
I like reading there.I eat luncheon in a restraint at twelve at noon.
In the afternoon,I go fishing with my acquaintance.
It is very interesting and meaningful.Then,we do our assignments together at night.I go to sleep at about half past ten.
We are all extremely favourable and rejoice.
who used to be afraid to stay alone when her read horror fiction.
she eager to become a powerful person in the future.
With the rapid development of the Internet, therefore,online shopping has gradually entered the lives of ordinary people.In addition,more and more Chinese begin to favor online shopping for its convenient.In addition, we all like online shopping.
To begin with, confronted with this question, so how can we deal in these benefits.In my opinion, while avoiding the drawbacks.
Furthermore, online shopping is convenient for us.
Not only because the great convenience, but also you can find lots of things you want.
What's more, it can liberate money and time.
On the one hand, we can compare the goods price immediately, on the other hand, it is the online shopping don't need us to go out and so on.
On the contrary, worst of all we always worried about the quality of the goods.
As a matter of fact, some crimes maybe steal our personal privacy and personal property.
Meanwhile,if you want to buy something in the Internet, you need a credit card, you have to be sure that the store will not use your informationin the wrong way.
Nonetheless, there are several measures for us to adopt.
In addition, we can think twice again when we get ready to purchase it.
What's more, we should learn to protect our privacy.
In a word, we require the vigilance of the heart to do everything.
l used to have a best friend,and we went to school each other every day.
him each other.
l believed friendship was ture and important.l thought friends should trust each other,didn't chould be suspected.l do believed friendship will came to at least.
Let's had a ture friendship each other,go for it.
I study in the FuGu high school,where there are three grades and thirty classes.
They say that the high school life is the busiest and nastiest but not for me.
I think the school days are the happiest days of my life.
As far as i am concerned, there are three problem areas in my school.
The first problem area is the school facilities.
In the center of the school there is a new teaching building, which is very clean and beautiful.
The lab building and the library are to the east of the new building,but there are a little books in the library,so you could not enjoy them as many as you like.
Lack of extra activities is the second problem area.
Students in the high school study all the time.
They have no time to do other things which they enjoyed, such as dancing and painting.
In my opinion, this study patten is harmful to students' development.
The thired problem area is course arrangement.
I think we should add more sports classes.
Nowadays, almost students are in a poor constitution.
This kind of phenomenon is universal.
Adding more sports classes could strenghthen our physical constitution.
Keep a healthy body is the most important thing.
While Chinese Spring Festival and Christmas are both big events in the world, there are a lot of differences between them.
For one thing, the origin of Chinese Spring Festival is far from Christmas.
For Chinese, the ancient people gathered together to celebrate at the first day of the lunar calendar in order to show their gratitude for having a big crop.
After several generations, people started to celebrate from 1st to 15th and call these days the Chinese Spring Festival.
At the same time, Christmas originates in Christ's Mass, which is in order to in memory of Jesus.
For another, the ways in which people celebrate the two festivals are different.
Chinese are used to giving children 'red packets' which contains money to celebrate it while Americans always give them gifts.
What's more, wearing new clothes, eating dumplings, setting off firecrackers and pasting couplets are traditions in China.
Meanwhile, putting up Christmas trees, giving each other cards, having Christmas dinner are American traditions.
Although the two festivals differ from each other, they both play an important role in our life.
Thank you for your letter of May 22 and it is much to our regret that we hear case No.
 did not corresponse the goods you ordered.
We immediately had the spoiled goods examined by qualified surveyors and obtained the survey report evidencing this is not our responsibility.
We loading a case of many, can prove that clean bill of lading issued by the shipping company.
And the delivery of wrong goods was due to an error on the part of our packing staff.
Please accept our apology the trouble incurred.
You can go to insurance company claim for compensation.
We have arranged for the right goods to delivered to you at once.
Relevant document will also be mailed to you as soon as they are prepared.
Food Safety in China With the growing awareness of healthy eating, an increasingly number of people now are paying more attention to the importance of the healthy diet and an active life.
But at the same time, a growing unrest over food safety in China has caught everyone's concern.Like illegal cooking oil,tainted milk,more and more issues appears recent years.
In my opinion ,everyone involved in it should set up a high responsibility for others, law related should be passed and carried out.
Only in this way can we come by a healthy eating and a harmonious world.
Why is China having such trouble making its food safe?Food scandal appears one by one.How to solve it?I think,first,we should growing awareness of the issue.To growing it,the government should improve and perfect the law,make food producer dare not to produce food which are harmful to people.And than the government should make everybody know the harmful of such poisonous food.For all of us, we should take care when we eat something.
I really pray that the issue of food safety will be solved successfully.All the people can eat everything without worry.
As an annual competition,this year our theme is "The English Novel I Like Best".Gorky once said,"Book is the ladder to progress of human being".Because of that,we hold this speech competition which is aimed that improving our ability on listening and speaking and developing the habit of reading English novel.
Though winning the champion isn't the first important thing,we also hope you guys can try your best to show yourself perfectly.For the first,each participant only has five minutes to make speech.Besides that,speaking fluently and pronouncing exactly are necessary.What's more ,putting your emotion into your speechwill make you better.
At last,wish you completely success in the competition in advance.
I often think such a question.
I suddenly remembered she, Helen Keller.
She is a cute little girl, but fate always make fun of love, she became blind.
In her world there is no light, because she could not see.
However, this did not stop the pursuit of her dreams, she is so strong, never give up.
She always wanted to become a good writer, so she tried very hard to learn Braille, and ask her teachers sullivan for help.
After many years, she achieved her dream.
This is the power of dream, it can lead you to overcome your difficulties, and let you to be strong, when you realize the dream after, you will discover that, to dream and to make such a wonderful thing.
In our daily life, we may do something or read some books every day.
different people have different views.
Some people think reading is more important, because reading can make people relax, and people will have more active thinking.
other people think doing is important, because only if you really do something , you can know the real meaning and study more deeply.
In my opinions, i think reading is as important as studying.
if we only reading and not go to do something , our life will stop and never develop.
But if we only doing something and don't have the correct think , we may do many wrong thing.
if you want to study better , you have to reading and doing.
Now,I am a student from the NORTHEAST NORMAL UNIVERSITY.There are so many differences between the experience in the past years and in this university.
For example,I did not live with my roommates but just lived with my parents in the past years .And I meet a lot of people from different places now.For Another,my school life was surrounded with teachers and they controlled all the things in the past.However,the teachers in the university would like to give the students more time to learn by themselves.And now I can join many interesting organizations to make me go through more experience than in the past years.What is more,I can show my talents adequately.Also,I have more time to take exercises than before.
I think the life in the university would be more colorful and more abundant than the life in the past years.So, I must value the life now.I will not only study well but also join the activities energetically.I want to go through more experience to make me grow up.
Actions reveal different things to different people.
Working assiduously on her homework, my sister decides to get a great grade.
Carrying out the court, my best friend is a willful man in sports.
Actions, indicate people's true attitudes and intentions in all sorts of ways, but that does not mean words' useless.
Verbal expression and practice actions are not mutually exclusive propositions.
Instead, both of these methods can present people's attitudes and intentions as I have learned from the sports world and the entertainment circle.
An excellent example, of a person's words and actions both disclose his/her attitude and intention can be found in Kobe Bryant, who was almost winning every single paramount basketball prize all his career.Kobe Bryant has held a basketball dream sprung from his favorite basketball player Michael Jordan, since he was a high school student.
He said to his father that I would beat up Jordan one day.Words can be an announcement of his dream, and his actions became the way through which he realizes his ambition.
He began to represent basketball and imitated Jordan's classical crossover at any spare time.
Finally Kobe led the Western Team defeated Jordan's Eastern Team in the 2002 All-star game, and winning the same year's championship as well.
Through Kobe's words and actions,we can easily come up with his willing to respect for and transcend Michael Jordan.
Another compelling illustration that one's intentions can be affirmed in both his/her words and actions is Audrey Hepburn.From 1988 Hepburn's role of an actress gradually transferred to that of an ambassador of the United Nations International Children's Fund.
She not only expressed her deep concern towards impoverished kid's rights by her speech "Be With You" in 1989, but also went to Somalia to look after those moribund children for the starvation at the end of 1992, when she had a serious cancer.Even after died in 1993, Hepburn's Foundation still continued to her benevolent career in miserable children and she speech was seen as a valuable humanitarianism wealth.
Indeed, these speeches and actions embodied in Hepburn's aspiration to evoke collective attention to developing countries' kids' survival condition.
As we have witnessed in the experience of Kobe Bryant and Audrey Hepburn, actions and words constitute a complete revelation of people's bearings and purposes.
Nowadays, with the development of economy.More and more people all consider competition and cooperation.It's something like that competition and cooperation have become an essential part of our daily life.Compared with cooperation, I catch the fancy of competition much better.
Competition in modern society has established cooperation, which is everyone's face common task.But competition can stimulate individual initiative and enthusiasm and increase the efficiency and effectiveness of learning to potential of filling.We can compete when we play games, try to do better than others in our study and so forth.These are constant competition for jobs, fame, wealth.We can wonder: How to distinguish the relationship between competition and cooperation so that we won't fall behind?Some words said: There is the competition.
There is a development.In study, some people work hard because none of them wants to fall behind.In company, the competition is very strong obviously.Everybody wants to get better position.It can be good for the complete company to develop.So there are no forever friends nor rivals, but interest.However, it's not standing for that the cooperation is not important, though working and studying together.
All of us can learn a lot from each others.
To sum up, competition and cooperation prevail throughout the world.Even though I advocate competition, we should not turn a blind eye to the competition in front of us.Also, we cannot refuse to collaboration with others.We should take advantage of the competition as a chance to promote the cooperation and finally be the winner in the competition.
As a student, I should learn first.
Learning primarily through the acquisition of knowledge representation, we gain knowledge of a variety of ways, one of important ways is to read.
Learning from books in a formal educational setting is also valuable.
It's in school that we learn the information we need to function in our society.
We learn how to speak and write and understand mathematical equations.
This is all infortion that we need to live in our communities and earn aliving.
Social practice has been more and more popular in universities and colleges.
Students are ask to enter society ang get some idea of it.
Surely social practice has many advantages.
Social practice can offer students a chance to contact society and meet different kinds of people.
In this way student can gain some valuable social experience, which will be useful to their future career.
Practice is an important method to obtain knowledge.
If you want to make new advances, it must be put into action.
Innovation alone reading is not enough to practice we can skills and insights gained through the study to practical experience, making an already meaningful experience more meaningful.
Practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
Innvation is not enough to rely on the reading practice we can not only get knowledge from books, we need to be verified by the practice of knowledge and the most memorable new knowledge Practice is not just to do things, and practice is the combination of knowledge and reality.
Everyone has his own hero.
Their own hero can encourage them to become successful.
I also have a hero.
She is my mother,but she gave me a lot and I thought she will help me until I become successful.
When I was young,I don't like English at all.
So,the teacher worried about me.
Nevertheless,my mother never gave up on me.
She helped with my English,checked my homework,and bought me a lot of English story books.
Now I think my English is really good,I'm very happy.
I know she helped me and made me successful.
She not only helped with my study,but also helped with my life.
I often do something wrong,my teachers and my friends will be angry with me.
So,she will help me to solve these problems.
When I solve these problems,she will be happy.
She often encourages me.
She is very kind and friendly too.
If you help others a lot,you will have many friends.
I think my mother is really good.
She can help with my study and help with my life.
I think she is not only my mother but also my hero and my friend.
Many students has taken part in lots of colourful after-school activities.
Now let me show you some adventage of these activities.
It's really helpful for me to join some club activities because I have made many new friends when I work with others.
At the same time, I also exercise my ablity in the activities.What's more, doing some sports not only make me healthy but also be a good way for me to relax.Besides, I often watch English movies with my classmates.
All of us has had a good time watching films and we improve our English as well.
Take part in after-school activities is a good choice for you if you want to make your school life more colourful.But you need keep balance between your study and after-school activities so choose carefully.
As more and more people are entering a college,the security of the campus becomes very important.
Now,let me tell you about this.
We study together and play games together in the school every day,everyone is happy.
First,warm up before you do sport,if you don't do that,it's easy to get hurt.
Second,don't run in the corridor,because it's easy to hurt yourself or others.
I think campus security is very important.
Dear Mr.Smith,I'm L,a student of our university.I'm writing to you to apply your spoken English course.
To let you know something about me,here I introduce some personal information to you.Lucky to be admitted into this collage,I have to say I'm poor in English,this is why I want to join your course.As a student who is willing to study abroad,I must make sure that I can communicate with foreigners so that I can live there alone.
I'd be glad if I am permitted,so hope you consider carefully.
My dog name is Ben.It is a big dog,it has a big eyes and has a small noise and mouth.
It is a interesting dog,it like watch TV and see me play computer games.And it likes sports too.
I usually run with Ben at the park every weekend,it often faster for me.It not only like run,but also play ball games too.It often plays it ball in the ground for me,it is very excited,It so cute.
Why I like dogs?Because dogs is our friend,They are very friendly.And they can help blind peoples,for example,help blind peoples go for a walk.We must protect dogs too,because they are our friends.
I like dogs,my favourite friends.
Newspaper and internet, which one being a better source of news has been a hot argument for a long time.
Some people take it for ganted that newspaper is a better source of news, while others in favor of the internet.
For my part, I agree with the latter.
Some reasons are as following.
In the first place, we can acquire much latest news by sufing internet, and even, we can watch the incidents on the internet television at the time they being held.
Besides, internet provides a stage on which we can write down our commons, so we can share our opinions with other people who also comment it.
Although we can get news from newspaper, it was slower than internet and we can not share our opinions with so many people.
In the second place, living in the informational world, the fast pace of life made people have no spare time to read newspaper, so as a convenient tool, internet plays an important role in our life.
we read news from all over the world only by hitting the mouse, and save a lot of time to do other things.
This convenience can not be made by newspaper.
From the foregoing, I definitely say that the internet is a better source of news than newspaper.
As can be seen from the line graph,Dubai gold sales in 2002 have experienced several periods,each period takes on different tendency or character.
During the first period from January to March,the gold sales kept on increasing rapidly,right from 200 to about 350 millions of durhams .Specially,in February the sales situation was still unsatisfactory.
Yet from the next period ,the situation changed dramatically.
From the end of March to July,the amount of sales declined considerably,from 350 to 120 millions of durhams,the change was relatively big.
And as we all know,things were not always bad,when it came to the next period from July to August,the quantity of gold sales went up significantly, and it rised to about 210 at the end of August.
Nevertheless,during August to September,the sales dropped again and remained almost the same level like the former period.
Up to now we can see that the situation of gold sales really fluctuated steeply.
In the rest months of 2002,during September to December,everything might went well,and the amount of gold sales went up steadily,though slowly and moderately.
From 120 millions of durhams in September to about 190 in December,the sales of gold in Dubai finally return to a normal rising level.
In conclusion,the main sales period is in the early part of the year,slumping in the summer,except for a sudden increase in August.
It seems to have been twenty years since I appeared in my father's life, which takes really a very long time in one's destiny.
During the past time, he tried his best to give me happiness and enjoy a beatific childhood without caring any thing, which he never said but I sensed.
He want to educate me successfully, but he gave me enough freedom to touch, understand, and judge anything by myself.
He is a good teacher, not only for others, but also for one of the most important women in his life.
It's me, of course.
Lying to others can hurts others and finally will pay back to yourself.
I still remember the time when I first lied to my math teacher for not finishing the math work.
The reason for not doing that work maybe the difficulty of it, but more like to be my laziness.
I prayed for getting away from the checking, but it's always determined by your fortune.
It's evident that my fortune was very bad that day, because the math teacher is very angry that day, for unknowing reasons.
Some classmates were found unfinished and ordered to stand on the platform waiting for beating the palm(corporal punishment is still existed that time in my school).
To avoid being punished and lose my face, I lied to my teacher for leaving it home when it was my turn to hand in the homework, the first time in my life.
I still remember the expression in my teacher's eyes when he heard my reason.
There was disappointment, distrust, and contempt blended in it.
I was not punished, but I felt extremely uncomfortable every time I met him after class.
The lie hurt both my teacher and myself.
It's really be not worth the candle.
Lying broke the bridge which links the trust between people, my father said.
Once you lied to others for the first time, there will be the second, third, or even more times.
And the belief between you will come into fragments.
It's of great difficulty to mix the wound you hurt on others.
Even when the wound is healed, there will be scars on it, still painful when touching.
Never risk lying, as the consequence is unbearable.
My father is an honest man.
He often make jokes with others but seldom lied.
Yes, it's seldom, not never.
He said, anyone will have a time when he had to lie to others.
It must came from kindness.
Once upon a time, my mother felt ill and stayed in the hospital for a long time.
While I was taking part in a competition in another province.
When I called home, my father told ma that everything was ok, not mentioning anything about my mother.
Feeling strange for not hearing her voice, I didn't care more on it.
It's not until I came back home that I found the pale face on my mother.
She had just finished an operation and was very weak.
It's fortunate that she recovered after that and is very healthy nowadays.
My father lied to me, but it came from parents' kindness for not influencing their child.
My father is my hero, and nobody will replace him in my heart.
Wealth and health is a topic that have been discussed for a long time.
In my opinion ,wealth is not as important as health.
Firstly ,as we all know,health is the first thing in our life.If only you are health you can enjoy your life ,your work, your wealth and lots of beautiful things in your life.
.They are crazy about making money ,working day after day ,hour and hours only leave little time to enjoy their lives.They pay a little attention to their health.So they make a crucial mistake.Lots of them get little time to enjoy their wealth.
The last but not the least,keep a good life style.
All above are trying to explain the importance of health .So pay more attention to your health,please.
With the accelerated development of our country's economy, people's consumption concept has changed.
Many young people would rather use future's income to pay something they are unable to pay off now by using credit cards.
Our university students are mainly young consumers in the market.
Thus, some banks extend their business to university campus and offer credit cards to students.
This topic becomes more and more popular.
A lot of people worry that credit cards may do harm to students, while others don't think so.
As far as I am concerned, university students using credit cards may do more harm than good.
First of all.
University students are still consumers and they have no regular income.
Using credit cards maybe able to meet the desire of their current consumption but it is absolutely not a wisdom choice for students.
Our university students have not formed rational consumption concepts yet.
They may use credit cards to buy something they don't really need now.
It will add their economic burden.
Meanwhile, if the students use credit cards for a long time, it will cause their blindly excessive consumption attitudes and pursue the high quality life.
If things go on like this, many university students will become "Cards slavery".
Last but not least, university students are too young to control thier economy properly.
Thus it is likely to raise the credit problem.
Once the credit problem occurred, it will affect you in financial industries.
According to the above.
The contradiction between well-considered physiology and uncompleted psychology ; incorrect comparison of overconsume and living conditions.
Thus our students should not use credit card meanwhile we need to learn to consume reasonably.
Good afternoon.
It's really a great honor to have this opportunity to speak in this time.
In each people's minds, enter the wedding hall of that day, is the most solemn day.
In the life, the significance of the wedding is that a pair of men and women love each other with open the prelude of marriage time from now on.
Have a perfect, divine, festival, personality characteristics of the wedding are the common wish of the people going into marriage.
A wedding like drama, the bride and groom are leading role, the screenwriter, director and producer are wedding staff of the company.
How to deduce a classic perfect wedding, choosing the right wedding company is extremely important.
 brand: have a certain brand recognition and the size of the wedding company have perfect service system and personnel configuration, high professional quality.
 inspection: on-the-spot investigation to the wedding company, according to the business license, corporate environment, personnel quality, service awareness, etc to judge.
 features: wedding company has big and small, different positioning.
To determine whether the different features and style of the company can meet the personalized needs.
 price: don't blindly price guidance.
The cost is also high quality service, cheap prices tend to have a deeper trap behind his back.
 service:not only is the service attitude, focus on service ability, professional quality and creative ability.
Recently, I took a project.
The couple is preparing for their wedding, they want an unforgettable and belonging to the two persons world wedding.
It's an exaggeration, not waste.
Hope can experience together through the day bit by bit.
I am very interested in this project, on the one hand can improve my ability to work, on the other hand can witness this pair of lovers of happiness.
So I started to get to know them.
The effective communication is the foundation of the perfect wedding.
Every couple have their own vision and desire for your wed ding.
I want to start by people with new communication, understand their love story, on the wedding of expectations, want to show the wedding of focus and so on, these are acquired in the effective communication and the new, and then according to their story, with creative ideas for their design.
There are a lot of a perfect and international factors, not only with the wedding host and new performance related, even with the wedding scene layout, music is closely related, these details are to be repeated early consideration.
But the emphasis the couple wants to show, new vision is the key to perfect wedding, and communicate with the couple is the foundation of the wedding.
A good wedding is a soul, being able to make all of the guests friends participation, invest together, happy together, shock and moved together, common blessing, unforgettable.
First: to respect their ideas, find suitable for their wedding style.
Each couple's wedding demand more or less differences, a lot of not understanding of wedding culture, but is hopeful of the wedding, have vision and the idea.
As a professional wedding planner, I want to find out new ideas, combined with the wedding culture, custom belongs to the individual style of the wedding ceremony.
Second: mining the couple's story, to do their own wedding often with new people planning a wedding, I can chat with them a lot.
Every love seems to be the same, the sweet and romantic couple they know only.
Third: wedding planning work, we need to continue to learn.
The industry is changing every day, whether it is the scene design; item updates; filming machine upgrade; shots updates; or the changing of frontier wedding culture, it is changing all the time, only as a wedding planner, I sat in the progress, I can serve the couple's wedding more perfect.
Fourth: keep a heart young jumping, happy work.
The couple in the wedding is very strange, need a teacher professional wedding planning services for them, I need to help them to comb the dribs and drabs in wedding, let them enjoy the process of the wedding.
 we need to respect their parents.
 don't be too superstitious.
 try to set an early day.
Considering both sides of the work plan.
The sweet cake.
The candlelight foil atmosphere.
Unique champagne tower.
Ornamental design of fashion modeling 6.
For married couples, can make into your own wedding wedding video store, is a very happy thing.
At the same time to share with their relatives and friends.
So I collected about their photos made into a video before, also deserve to their favorite music in the background.
I detailed description on video, expressing their happiness.
Time and it looks very comfortable, and then set up a dynamic photo effects, many wedding photos, digital master numerous photos transitions on collocation, make more creative video.
Master digital photos have N a variety of transitions, a lot of special effects are very good choices when photos show, there will be a dream feeling, etc.
In order to be able to let them feel the happiness, every detail is full of romantic color, creating a romantic and perfect personality wedding.
I love my job, because it let me happy and let the couple enjoy the wedding more enjoyable.
For me, this job's advantage is feeling every couple's happiness and joy, this industry is really sweet industry, at the same time, every moment is also a challenging industry, happy marriage, beginning in our hands, through our from then on, people are more than one key but it is the same door open.
Good luck to your promising future.
Thank for your attention.
Thank you.
Nowadays,more and more people prefer to keep pets.
On the one hand,keeping pets has some benefits.First,it can bring happiness to the old and let the young learn how to become more responsible people.Second,it can help people know more about animals and take good care of animals.
On the other hand,there are also some troubles when we are keeping pets.Firstly,pets like dogs are always noisy and bark at strangers.If some pets are so naughty that make your things dirty and messy,you will be angry with them but you ca do nothing to them.Secondly,it will take additional cost to keep pets.What's more,it's possible to destroy the ecological balance.
In my opinion,pets can help people a lot.For example,guide dogs are the blind's eyes that lead to anywhere.However,I don't thing that it's a good idea to raise pets.When you go for a trip with your family,the pets won't be fed or looked after.
With the popularity of the Internet, there seems to be a trend that the traditional reading is being replaced by online reading among people, especially among students.
I think that online Reading is better than traditional Reading.
you can read books by computer mobile.
itis very convenient.
A computer or a mobile can store up thousands of books.
But it harmful to us eyes.
traditional Reading have also many advances.
they all are almost correct.
in my opinion, online Reading replace traditional Reading in the future.
On Sunday morning after getting up, I found it had been snowing.
The whole world seemed to be so pure.
It was so beautiful.
I thought I should go outside to take some pictures to retain memories.
After a while, the snow stopped.
I put on my coat and admitted the camera out.
The snow was so thick.The world became a white world.
Suddenly, I saw a man felt down, I helped him right away.
Watched this sort of condition, I thought I should do something.
I returned home right away and took a broom.
I thought I must brush the snow in the street.
On the streets, I started to sweep carefully.
After a while, the street became clean.
Passing the uncle and aunt, saw I do, the thumbs-up sign.
I felt very warm.
In the future, I would do more.
Remembering English words are important to learn English.Nonetheless it's natural to forget new words.I have some advice for you.
First,you should always pay attention to English new words everywhere and write four or five new words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.Read the words when you see them,and try to use them.Second,you can try to learn some spelling rules.It's a good idea to pronounce new words aloud every day.Third,learning some English songs,it's very useful.
At lastly,why not try to speak English as much as possible and learn English with your friends?You can help each other.
Here are that many suggestions.I hope you can do it and improve your English.
Hongxing Farm provides major supplies of fruits and vegetables to our school's restaurant.Hongxin Farm, located in the place of about 50 km from my school, covers an area of 130 acres.It is not far from our school.So, it can be more convenient for us to fetch the food from Hongxing to our school.In this way, we can taste fresher food.It produces many kinds of organic vegetables as well as organic fruits.Such as cucumbers, Chinese cabbages, carrots, pears and watermelons.Especially, apples are provided all through the year.It tastes extra sweet.
Some of you may ask why they are so good.It is using organic farming, technology and no fertilizer that makes it possible to produce better products.
Thanks to the supply of Hongxing Farm, we enjoy the food and grow healthy.Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
College life is very wonderful and is full of challenges.
After the college entrance examination, we entered the university that we always yearn for.
With our growing up, we know more and more about the life and the world .College broaden our horizons and strengthen our ability of social intercourse, management, self-study and so on.
I think it has two points.
For one thing, I think university teaches us how to deal with people and how to socialize .
We gather together from different regions, different cultures, different backgrounds and we have different characters.
All we need to do is to observe others with heart.
It's vary important for us to learn listening to others and talking to others.
The more communication we have , the less gaps we can across.
We can't change others but to change ourselves.
In college, we should find the advantages of others and hide the disadvantages of ourselves.
Keeping a smile on your face and to socialize bravely.
So all about those are what the college teaches us in the interpersonal aspect , we really grown up .
For another thing, the college tells us to be independent.because a lot of time is available than the senior high school ,so we must do something by ourselves, such as ,self-study , summarize the knowledge, have a part-time job and so on.
Sometimes we should eat or take class alone.
Without parents, without acquaintances we always chat , without help sometimes, we must adapt this kind of life in college and do our utmost to let ourselves happy and independent.
So the college expand our independence .
In a world, the pain in the process of growth of us must be with the happiness.
College is a time of growth and expansion for us.
