And the last, the old gives him a big hug.
He thought he would do anything for nothing but he receives the most beautiful thing in the world on the contrary.
We should get inspirations from his behaviour.
Also we are all ordinary people but we can do our best to give others assistance.
This is what I study from this advertising.
Feng Xiaogang's suggestion makes an argument throughout the society.
Some people, such as Lu Bo, agree with this wonderful idea.
He thinks learning traditional Chinese would not only help promote Chinese traditional culture, but also help people better understand Chinese historical records and classic works.
This is very important.
However, some people have another thought about it.
Because they think it is not necessary to do since simplified characters are easier to learn and write, and many people have already gotten used to them.
As far as I am concerned, Feng's advice may be a good idea for us.
Traditional Chinese characters are cultural conventions.
Every character has a meaning on it.
Through the learning of it, we can have a deep understanding on this word.
It seems necessary for us now.
Today, human always have many physical or mental problems and the society is also not safe and beautiful as we think.
I think it is because we are under pressure and it makes us anxious and pressured.
In this day and age, the society has a high rate of crime, tense personal relationship or many other social problems.
Meanwhile, insomnia and headache become normal for us.
Illness and suicides is easy to take away your life as well.Stress is just the reason for most of these phenomena.
First, competition is one of the most important causes.
While the population of people become larger and larger, not everyone can get a good chance to do something or get something.
So we must devote ourselves to proving who is the best.
The person who can't get anything will fail.
These competitions make people more and more hard-working and always under pressure that they would be eliminated after some time.
In this condition, people just work without doing other things so they become unhealthy and moody.
Some of them lose sleep and look dazed.
The worst one can't bear it and then kill themselves.
Secondly, in this cruel world,human nature of greedy and hypocritical is exposed with nothing left.
Almost everyone is greed and selfish so they can't stop trying to get things they want.
If other people have something you like, you will want the better one even though you maybe don't need it.
It is very normal.
Therefore, people can't stop working because their desires become excessive.
But the truth is that only a few people can get the things they want.
Others are just losers.
Some people work hard for competition, some other people work hard for their desires.
But most of people just work for their living.
Maybe you can't imagine that in many cities if you can't work hard and carefully, you must leave the city.
This kind of people just has no choice but to live tiredly.
They are the people who are under the highest pressure because they can't stop and have a rest.
Most of you had heard that Foxconn stood in the opinion of the vortex center because one of their employees complained about dry work and killed himself.
It can be seen every year or month.
All of them don't want to work so hard but they have to do it if they want to live.
Perhaps you think it is not worth killing themselves, but the stress has made them can't think sanely.
At that time, they just consider that death is a good way to relax.
But everything has double folds.
Sometimes, stress is also not a bad thing.
It can make people diligent and make society develop faster.
We can't deny that stress is one of the most important factors that lead to success.
Our government is often talking about happiness quotient.
In my opinion, if the stress can be just used to gain success, people will get their real happiness.
In this field, we still have a long way to go.
Start: The story is about Miss Emily 's life with full sadness .Miss Emily undergos her father's death and is bothered by tax .Most seriously ,she is abandoned by her lover ,Homer Barron ,which causes Homer's death.
Setting, Main Characters: Miss Emily Grierson, a descendant of big rich family, a small and fat woman in black.
Her personality is indifferent, not approachable.
Homer Barron, Miss Emily 's fiance and lover ,a big, dark and ready man.
His personality is heartless and peacockish .
Negro , a servant of Miss Emily.
His personality is hardworking.
Conflict: 1.Miss Emily has prepared a complete outfit of men's clothing, jeweler's and a man's toilet set in silver and so on, but Homer is killed by Miss Emily.
The residents are glad at the expectation of Miss Emily 's and Homer 's wedding.
At last , Homer departs Miss Emily .
Plot: Miss Emily gets tax notice frequently, and buys some poison to kill Home, for Homer don't want to marry Miss Emily.
Resolution: Homer is killed by Miss Emily with poison.
Ending: Miss Emily dies at her seventy-four .
In the summer hoilday,my parents took me to Beijing.We stayed at Beijing Hotel.On the first day,we went to Great Wall.The Great Wall is very long and old.It has long history.Lots of people from different coutries like climbing the Great Wall.We felt very tired when we climb to the top of the Great Wall.
We also went to Palace Museum.Ming Emperor and Qing Emperor used to live here.The Palace Museum is large and amazing.I can not forget it.
We ate Beijing Kaoya,it tastes good.We all like it.The following days,we went to Bird's nest,Tian Tan,Summer Palace.I know more about the history of China now.
Later,I went back with my parents by train,I really enjoy the trip.
With the development of the society, people pay more and more attention to education.
As a result, thousands of students take part in various examinations.
However, some students have been found cheating on their exams.
And the solution is becoming badly.
As students, we often take examinations at school, some of us are lazy and don't work hard at our lessons.
So when taking examinations, some students sometimes cheat in order to get better results to please their parents and teachers.In my opinion, it is wrong to cheat in examinations because it break the rules of schools.Cheating is an ethical problem.We should be honest.
in examinations.
What's more, we should improve our study methods and get well prepared for examinations .
In my side, there's a lot I beloved person, parents, teachers, relatives and friends.But my most love is my grandmother.
My grandmother is a kind old woman.
She treats people generous, and the child all like my grandmother.
From my grandmother, I learned generous.
When we have some difficults, she always try her best to help us.
When I go to school from home, she always let me bring a lot of food for my friends and me.
Now, whatever I buy I will share with my friends.
My life is also very happy.
Thanks for my grandmother let me learn to treat people generous, and at the same time I also notice the joy of living.
My holiday is very wonderful.
Now let me show you my good life.
Form October 1st to 9th is The National Day holiday.
It's a long time for me to do all kinds of things.
First,I visited some places of interest,and I like travelling by train.
It takes me too much time,but it saves money.
I went to Erdos,and the Erods was very beautiful.
I love it,Erods has many shops,but the goods in there are very expensive,and Erdos has much food,but the food was cheap and delicious,I like Erdos food.
I visited my uncle,my uncle cooked food for me,after diner my uncle and I watched sitcom.
I like sitcom very much.
Then,I went to the countryside to see my brother.
I liked green plants,clear rivers lovely animals there.
I liked not the scene of the countryside,and like the people there.
I helped them to do farmwork.
I also helped the children in the neighbourhood with their lessons.
The children were interested in English.
They were good at reading writing,not do well in listening speaking.
I helped them with their listening and speaking ability.
Their parents thought highly of me.
I realized that knowledge is greatly needed in the countryside.
It was a sunny day today,when I got up in the morning,I decided to see my grandparents.
So I took the bus got there at noon,they were happy to see me,and I was very happy,too.
In the afternoon,my farther asked me to help him water the plant,and I was happy to see the flowers smiling in the wind.
In a word,today is an unforgettable day, because I saw my relatives helped people.
Nowadays,a increasing number of museums opened freely.Many people fell curiousness about this situation.I think the reason is they want to get more people to go to the museum to look, and known more about the history or chinese's old culture.In the museum,there are many historical relics, they are the symbol of chinese culture.
In the frist,open the museums freely is a good thing,it can help us know more about our country.But on the other hand to consider,open museums freely will bring out some questions.Frist,beacuase we can look the relics freely,so ,there will be many people go to the museum .then,it would be make relics injury.
In my opinion,i think we should collect few money as gate receipts.Like this, people can afford the low price and the will also protect the relics initiatively.so that we can sure everybody who want to museums can go,and the relics will be protecting well as well.
In modern University schools,there are various students.Some of these have success in doing ever-thing,while most of these always have problems,in their daily life.Leading to these phenomena is that they lack confidence.So being confident is very necessary to succeed.
When we are faced with difficulties,we should wrestle with it,rather than escaping.First of all,not only must we be ourselves,but also we should bravely undertake our duties.Then as we all know.The failure always couldn't be avoided,if we fail,we shouldn't be pessimistic.Also we should be self-conscious to absorb in experience.
Meanwhile,it is important that we elvish ourselves by knowledge.As long as we have abundant knowledge,we will have abilities to solve the problems.Certainly,it can help us creat our confidence.
College student's have mush spare time,we should make full use of the time.If we are addicted to sleeping,playing computer games during the spare time,we will lose ourselves.
When all the above-mentioned factors are about how to be confident on canpus:believe ourselves,try our best to do everything.If we do like this,we will be confident and successful.
As is known to all,books are the source of knowledge.Nonetheless what the way to read is the better?Ideas are various.
Some people hold the opinion that reading selectively will more suitable.In that,it not only obtain more effective,but also can save more time to read another book.Thirdly,reading selectively will help readers to develop the interest in some subject and get the further knowledge.
On the contrary of the idea above.Others tend to read extensively.
They think they can get more different sense from it.And also they may find the more chances to adapt to the society.For example,a doctor should read ethics to deal with the connection between patient and them.
In my eyes,I prefer to read selectively.That will make me learn the book's essence,but also I will skim the other book.
I have studied in High school for one months.When I first went into the school gate and saw my new classroom and teachers I thought I would have a new start.Our teachers have taught us a lot.They not only teach us how to study but also teach us how to be a useful person in society.
Many teachers all have different personality.Among all the teachers,I have a very specially teacher,who is my English teacher.She is young and qualified.She is always patient,and never tired of helping her students.Whenever students ask her questions,she is certain to help them.
She is good at teaching and organized her class well.Her method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.She corrected our exercises promptly and carefully.At the same time,we can also learn from our mistakes clearly.
With her help,all of us make rapid progress in the learning of English.How lucky we are to be her students!
On one hand, some students choose to find a job immediately after they graduate from school.
They argue that finding a job can provide them the economic independence as soon as possible.
In other words, with the salary they earn from their job, they can have their own car, house and anything they want.
And the most important thing is finding a job can help to reduce the burden of their parents, or even more, support their parents in return and give a better life to their parents.
In addition, they also say that starting career in this very age, full of energy, ambition and passion, will lay a solid foundation of one's life-long promotion.
They think that the knowledge of books in university is sufficient for none-research jobs and real-world business experience is more important for a practicer.
If they choose to spend this valueless time within the campus, it is more or less like a waste of time.
On the other hand, some students choose to pursue a PhD.
The great interest in a specific field is the greatest motivation for them to go on a further study.
They can always learn something new rather than do the boring stuff in job again and again.
Furthermore, psychologists suggest that it is the golden period to learn knowledge in one's 20s, if one misses it now, he will lose it lifelong.
And they also insist that the pressure of competition within the campus is much less than that in workplace.
For example, in campus, your social circle consist of your classmates and your professors, who will help you to achieve a common objective and give advices patiently when you do something wrong.
However, in workplace, you live with your colleagues and your bosses, who are either compete with you for a single position or will fire you when you make mistakes.
As is known to all,the majority of people regard that women are not as smart as men.However,nowadays,more and more women appear to be outstanding.Many girls perform better than boys in school.
In my point of view,I think that men and women are equally smart.
impression on me is that boys are always look down on girls.However,more than one person opposes this idea,For instance,Madame Curie is great grand and she made great achievements.She is so smart that we all admire her so much.So I think men and women are equally smart.
We are used to hearing the words that teacher teaches students like gardener cultivates flowers.
It describes the good relationship between teacher and students.
As I known, the relationship between teacher and student is becoming more and more bad in nowadays.
Recently, the problem of teacher punished students with crab stick has been brought into focus.
Because student made some mistakes in the class and they don't want to consecrated excuse, teacher educating students in this way is also not forgave by most of us.
In addition, there are some teachers teaching students without responsibility.
They put through the optionally when they are giving a lesson to students.
It is uncomfortable for student to see it.
Bad relationship is contributed by teachers as well as students.
Students are too young to do everything correct.
For example, they ofen sleep when teacher is teaching.
After being waked up, they argue and even fight with teacher.
It is obvious that we need to take measures to improve the relationship between teacher and student.
Only in this way can our country have more and more talents.
Everyone has some unforgettable experiences.
I had a very unforgettable experience when I was 11 years old.
I had some training with my classmates.
We went to Fengxian and we needed to live in a small dormitory for two days.
We did everything ourselves.
Our parents couldn't help us, because they didn't stay with us.
We got up very early in the morning.
We had to clean ourselves quickly.
And then we stood in a line.
We leant a lot of things there, such as cooking, washing and even making beds.
Every day, we had to practice more than five hours.
Now I think it was very hard for everyone but it was very good for us.
Because we are looked after by our parents, but in fact should learn how to look after ourselves.
In my opinion in our school there are a lot of places, such as the insufficient infrastructure, students of extracurricular life worthwhile sex, teaching diversity.
Our school is the beginning stage, many facilities are further purchase, so now we many of the experiment could not should be made, While students' extracurricular life is who can become more proficient in one's profession club, can't let students in learning aspect have greater progress.
I think the school should organize we participate in social activities, however us very much understand social process, also can better experience life.
I believe that our school will be very good solve the above problem and better and better.
Almost every country in the world has well-known representative of the country.
For example, when people talk about Korea, they would agree that Kimchi would be the best thing to represent the country.
If I were invited to an international meeting, I would bring Taiwanese tea to present my country-Taiwan.
Firstly, Taiwanese tea has rich history.
From the Qing Dynasty, people brought some tea trees from China.
In the beginning, tea trees didn't get use with the climate and soil in Taiwan and all died.
Due to the effort of tea farmers, they improved breed of tea trees and finally found a tee trees that are suitable for planting in Taiwan.
From then on, Taiwanese tea has become peoples' favorite in China and other western countries during the Qing Dynasty.
Secondly, Taiwanese tea has various teas from the green tea to black tea.
There are about 15 main kinds of teas in Taiwan.
And government keeps cooperating with tea farmers to develop new kinds of tea.They even develop some teas that having fruit smell or milk taste.
Finally, Taiwanese tea has good quality.
Recently, there are lots of fake teas in China which add some drugs or chemistry thing to enrich the smell and taste of tea.From the local to the government, they will hold many competitions for tea.
They put score on the color, smell and taste of tea and elect the annual champion tea.So Taiwanese tea would not add some chemistry or poisonous stuff in it.
Nowadays,more and more college students have difficult in hunting job.For this phonomenont,we have a heated discussion.And different people have different idears.
First,college graduates lack of experience and proffessional skill.Secondly,some of them does not satisfy with the treatment which the business offer.And then,many of them think the job is tedious and lack of challenge.Finally,they just spend a little time to prepare the job hunting.
To change this situation,I think we should take the following measures.First,as a student,we not only study our proffessional knowledge at school,but also take part in some job trainings.For example,we can take a part-time job when time is available.Secondly,as the people of new type,we should not require too hight.Besides,we should believe ourselves and the busness.Finally,we must prepare job hunting in advance.Only in this way can weput an end to this trend.
nowadays, many students spends their birthday by sending presents or holding parties.
The way like this became popular.
Some believe that spending birthday by doing this can get the chance to chat with others, it's good for your friendship between you and your classmates.
It also can have a rest in your spare time.
But many people disagree with this idea, their opinion is that the students would waste lots of time and money on it and make them keep up with the Joneses.
It's bad for their study and their mind, and I'll agree with these ideas.
Learning and growth is always accompaniment of books.
Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth, a right book can light an emotional spart within us that can increase our view.
However, others believe we learn by doing, and learn best by first-hand and concrete experiences.
As for me, I hold that learn from reading is more weight than by doing, I have some reasons on my side.
To beginning with, we can get more information from books than first-hand and concrete experiences.
For instance, we can see the history from the book, know what happened in that years, sum up their experiences to reduce the risks of bad and unaffordable results.
However, we are not able to undergo what happened in the history, only if we have time machine.
Put it another way, learning from book use less time and money than by doing.
For example, just at home, we can know what happened in the world from the book.
Absoultly, if we want to know what happened in the world by doing, it needs a lot of time and money, also it not means everyone has time or money to get information from the world, in contrast, only a book can solve this problem whatever they have no time or money.
Finally, a right book can light an emotional spark within us that everything became possible, moreover, we can image a world from the book.
As an illustration, we will conceive the splendid imagery when we saw a poem, however, by doing, using our senses, we would not find the wonderful place to suit the imagery cultivated by the poet in every time, but we get the imagination and emotional sparks from book can do it.
Last but not least, reading are much important, learn by doing, learn from first-hand and experiences are also necessary in our learning and life.
We should try to use both ways in our learning and life.
I have a gond room.It's very big.I'm tidy.My keys in my schoolbag ahd my schoolbag under the bed.My computer on the desk.I have a big bed.I have a clock.it's on the desk.I love it.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.Our questions were about studying watching playing helping and exercise.Here are the results.
We find that forty percent of our students studying by themselves at home.And twenty-five percent students watching TV or listening to music on weekends.We all know that many students often go online,they always playing games and talking on the QQ or E-mail,but most of them are playing gams on computer.And only ten percent helping their parents to do housework.The other five percent exercise on the weekend.
It is good to relax by watching TV or playing computer games,but we think the best way to relax is through exercise,it is healthy for the mind and the body.
After several hours' driving,we arrived at our destination,Northeast Normal University.I begun to realize that this is the very place where I will spend the most valuable 4 years of my life the moment I saw her.In my eyes,the whole university with a long history is beautiful and peaceful,soon I fell in love with her.
How time flies!Three months ago,I finally completed my 12 years' study.I had just said goodbye to the stressful years in my high school and then I came to the university which is famous for its reputation in the educational world.I'm already a student of the Northeast Normal University.
I've been here for a month and I find there're many differences between high school and university.Firstly,when I was in high school,my teachers and parents always guided me to do so many things that I needn't worry about anything.But in the university,there's nobody telling me what to do and how to do.I must handle everything on my own and learn how to arrange my time properly to make my life more meaningful.Secondly,when I was at home,my parents always prepared everything well for me,but now I should learn how to take care of myself.I must be independent in my daily life without my parents'care and help.
I suppose the university is a wonderful place which offers me the opportunities to improve myself and gives me the chances to change my whole life.
Now,here I am.Here are my dreams!
On my last holiday,I went to England with my parents.We arrived by plane.It was very late when we got there.So we relaxed at the hotel and then we began our tour of the city.
We stayed there for three days.On the first day, we went to the National Gallery, a fomous museum with lots of famous paintings.
In the evening we had a dinner in a Inglish restaurant.
The food was delicious.On the second day,we got the boat near Big Ben.
The London Eye was on our right when we went along the river.
Then we went to the Tower of London, it was over 900 years old and it was very beautiful.
On the third day, we took the England underground to Buckinghom Palace, the Queen lives there.
After that, we went to the Houses of Parliamernt.
It was really beautiful.So we finished our tour.
It is obvious that parents play an important role in educating their children.
There is a debate about kid's success.
This phenomenon is having drawn greater attention.
Some parents show that children's success is related to pressure.
They are strict with their children to study harder.
Besides, they are sure that their children must succeed easier under pressure.
However, other parents don't think so.
They expect their kids to relax themselves in their free time.
What are more, Children are much more likely to fail under pressure.
As far as I can see, our parents should not give us too much pressure.
They could encourage us to learn harder what we are interested in.
We'd better try to do our best.
Then it will be more successful for us in the future.
Now,there is always someone fainting in the street but most of the people will only see but doing nothing.And last February,our school happened a touching thing which let us see the warmth of the world.
During a break of February a student fainted.As soon as some other students saw this,they called for help and sent her to the hospital at the first time so she got treatment just on time.After hearing about this,her parents hurried to the hospital to see her and show their appreciation to the students who sent their child to the hospital.
This could not only let us but also other people learn the importance of helping others,the people who always help others could also be helped when they are in trouble.Please remember this whenever you see other people that need help,helping others is helping yourself.
College study is a great different from high school study in many ways.
First of all,college study focuses more attention on students' own decisions,which offers students with more freedom.
They can choose majors on their own,which means many of books can be read with their own interests.College teachers' methods of teaching is very different from high school teathers,so is the study goals ,college study pay a lot attention to develop students' critical thinking ability .High school develop students' memorizes instead.
Secondly,it really took a long time to adapt my college study ,We have lots free time,I hesitate to study.At that time,time passed flies.Fortunately,my sister gave me a lot of advises.She told me:you'd better set a schedule and try your best to complete it.At last I rebuild my self-confident and find a right way to treat my college life.
I'm the Grade Three student, Li Hua.
I'm writing to you to apply to you for an admission, which make me take part in the class you set up.
For me, I'm able to speak a fluent English, while I'm not good at writing an English passage, which troubles me a lot.
In order to improve my writing skill, I'd love to join in the class named 'Writen English', whose influence on me may have a lot to do with my essays.
I'll appreciate it if you pass my application.
My father is so patient with me all the time.When I was yong ,he showed so much patience to me.Every time I did something wrong,he always told me what I should do and what I should not do.
I became depending on him.
I was so clumsy ,and always did things carelessly.He did not show any angry.On the contrary,he would teach me the correct ways again and again.
I can remember clearly that he help me with riding bicycle.
I always fell down the bike ,he did not let me stop it.Instead he looked at me with smile on his face.Up till now, I know what does he his smile mean.
He wanted to tell me that I should become brave and strong.
I cannot forget it.
As the age increased,my father seem showed less patience to me.But I know,he wanted me to become independent.And he would help me if I really need help.
Now I enter college,I know I am an adult and I should make my own decisions.
However,my father is still concerned with me,and I still depend on him.Although,he did not say that.But I can feel it clearly.
I will depend on my father forever,because I love him and I believe him.
I will do my best in my college,and try my best to learn knowledge.
leaders should be good clearness,frankly convey information.
I got the most lecture from my parents.
Modern take their phone everywhere.
Rainforest provides us with a lot of oxygen.
Take advantage of the dictionary is very important when learning a foreign language.
Universities require students to maintain good grades.
today technology enables us face to face with other countries.
Nature can teach us knowledge can't learned in school.
Today,English is an important course in school, and it became a required subject for students.
However many students not care about the spelling in English learning.
As far me, I think it occurs to have many reasons.On the one hand, some students have no interest in learning English.
On the other hand ,some students not looking back after completing the words for remember make the student forgot the spelling of words.
In order to change this situation,first of all,I think that the teachers can make English words test, for forcing students to remember.
Secondly,because some students have no interest in remember English words,and teachers can give students many homeworks that make students according to student's interest in articles or song lyrics, and let them to translation.
This not only improve the student's ability to memory words, but also accumulated for students writing in sentences.
With the gloomy prospect of returning to school, many students could suffer from post-holiday syndrome, which refers to a general feeling of depression before returning to campus life, which is caused by irregular lifestyles during the holiday.
Symptoms include fatigue, lack of appetite and concentration, irritability and a feeling of helplessness.
Various reasons can account for it.
But most important of all, a large number of students tend to overindulge themselves in eating, merrymaking and playing around during the holidays, which makes it difficult to adjust to their routine study schedule and life pace on the campus.
My suggestions to deal with this syndrome are as follows.
First, exercising and sticking to a normal schedule over the holidays will make a difference and nip post-holiday syndrome in the bud.
Besides, it pays to return a few days earlier before the semester starts.
My name is H. I want to join and become a member of your team.
I want to go to the children's hospital to do some voluntary action.
I like reading books and telling stories.
The children in the hospital all suffer from serious illnesses.
I want to help them.
I hope they can feel better with my help.
I will teach them to tell stories.
This helps them express their feelings.
And I will teach them to sing because music can bring them joy and peace.
I will try my best to help them and make them happy.
I think voluntary work is very meaningful and helpful.
My favorite place is reading-room.
It is very big and bright.
There are a lot of useful books,newspapers and magazines here.
It often takes me 2 hours to read books.
One day,my friends and I read books in the reading-room,there are a lot of interesting books,such as the romance of the Three Kingdoms and Helen Keller.
Helen Keller has a very strong spirit,though she is disabled and through her own efforts to succeed through his will Liu Bei is a kind person, so many persons use for him.
There are very good books.
I can also relax myself in the peaceful environment there.
When I feel tired and unhappy, the reading-room is the best place to go.
Reading helps me forget all my troubles.
In my opinion, reading room is my favorite place.
We have all kinds of experiences in everyday life.
Some are enjoyable, exciting, some are unusual, unforgettable.
Anyway, we gain something valuable from them , and we know how to get succeed.
So life is the greatest teacher.
When you make something failed in life, you have to be able to gained the experience and succeed in next time.
For example,Edison was the greatest inventor when he tried to invente the osram.He failed many times,although many people suggested him to gave up,he gained the experience in life and succeed in the end.
I firmly stand behind the belief that "life is the greatest teacher".All aspects of life can be taught, but to fully understand a situation that I feel you need to experienced it.
Examples where life is the greatest teacher are: sky diving, playing a musical instrument, driving a car and even becoming a parent.
While someone can teach you how to do these things, you still need to learn from the first hand experience to understand the concept.
From elementary school to now , we have learnt so much knowledge, but actually we can just make a little of them into practice.
Perhaps we know something about one thing , but we don't know how to do it, or how to do it well.
Life without learning is better than learning without experience.So I think life is the greatest teacher.
Maybe either east or west is the best, but not home.
This is most people's attitude today.
As a result of globalization, a growing number of people start to go abroad for further study or living.
Though this has caused a heated debate, while I myself firmly support it for the following reasons.
First of all, study abroad has an obvious and big advantage.
We know that education develops fast and is in a high level in almost every aspect.
Western countries like the US have more advanced equipment, more professional teachers, more perfect regulations and more suitable atmosphere to study.
These factors enable students to get much more than those at home.
Another thing is, to get a master or doctor's degree, studying in foreign countries usually takes less years, which will save you time for future career.
Social benefits, in the other hand, should also be considered within.
A person who has experienced a long period of living abroad may find they are in certain ways influenced by the local society, meeting different people, communicating with different minds and getting into different situations would lead you to a totally different and new life.
You'll feel the attractive and strong power of Individual freedom, democratic political system, mixed culture and considerate social security.
Besides, for English major students, staying abroad is a rare opportunity to improve our language skills.
There we can use English not only as a tool of greeting each other, but also a tool of mental contract and cultural understanding.
Of course going abroad for study could be expensive and we may have other problems, but still I believe it is worthwhile.
Yesterday I watched a firm,Journey to the Centre of the Earth,is a comedy but also adventure and fantasy.
The firm is about journey to the centre of the earth.
Three people,a man,a boy and a woman went into a hole by accident,and they were trapped in the hole in order to escape from the hole.
Unfortunately,they dropped until getting to the centre of the earth.
The sights there are very beautiful and fascinating.
There are a lot of birds which can give out blue lights,which makes up starry sky there.
There is a fall which is colorful.
The sights leave a deep impression on me.
Meanwhile,there are a lot of dangers such as dragons,fishes and plants which can eat people.
Finally,they overcame the difficulties to escape there,and take many diamonds away.
I think the firm is very great,which creates a very great sight and writes an exciting and funny story.
I think it is helping others that the most excellent quality among them is.
They can escape there and overcome many difficulties as a result of helping others and holding together.
They would be killed unless help others and hold together.
So,if you want to go faster,you should go alone,but if you want to go farther,you would better go with others.
Nowadays, an increasing number of people think that shopping online is the most necessary in our daily life,regardless of the old,the young,the male and the female.
As we all know,everything has two sides,shopping online could be good or bad idea depends on a couple of things.There are many advantages.Firstly,shopping online is very convenient and advantageous,you can buy anything that you need without going out.The result is that you can save a ton of time do anything you want to.Secondly,It provides that you a wide range of choices,you also can choose anything that you like.
There are too many disadvantages.Firstly,shopping online is that you have to wait.Secondly,the consumer cannot see the goods,even though they do not know the quality of the goods.Maybe this is the biggest problem.What is more,some evil people use internet to deceive people.
In my opinion,if you have enough time,you can go shopping and buy something in store,or you can find something and then buy it online.
It's a common phenomenon in our daily life to use body language.
We use it when we want to express something but we can't speak it out sometime, as well as when the wold can't meet what we want to express.
So that body language is improtent for us.
Not only body language is importent for us, but also it is essential for those who can't speak.
Everyone is anxiety to communicate with others, and they need more concern from us.
We also want to know more about them.
Body language paiy the role between these two categories of people.
Above all body language is a good method for our communication.
We can shrug to tell other that you are in no cent or nonchalance for something.
From this we will understand the body language is not simple and an action can express diffent meanings.
Sign language is a kind of body language, and it is used in the universal, whose popularity is Over all languages.
As we all know,there is much love around us.
So do I.I get love from my parents.My breakfast is prepared by my mother.When I eat delicious food, I feel I'm so lucky that I have love from my mother.And my father sends me to school every morning.When I walk with him,I'm proud because of my father's love.My parents always give love to me in the silence.Now,I'm going to prepare a thanking letter to show my love to them.Love fills with our daily life.Let's take action to accept other people's love and show our love to them ,too.
Everybody is to much happiness.I have many happiness to my life.I play sport with my good friend and do housework make me very happiness.My mother give my life I was very heel happiness.Hereon I thank to my mother give my life.
In twenty years, I will be thirty five years old.
I will be a successful and happy person.
I will be a writer then and write many interesting stories for children because I will love to see the smile on children's face when they are reading wonderful stories which are written by me.
Besides, I would like to work from home rather than work in an office because it's more comfortable.
I will live in Beijing with my family.
Because Beijing is the capital of China and it has the most convenient traffic and the highest technology.
On the other hand, Beijing is my hometown so I feel freely and relaxed there.
In my spare time, I will still go to school to develop skills and travel around.
I will often do sports to keep healthy.
I will enjoy my life because life will be exciting in the future.
The switzerland has an area of about four point one square kilometres that located in the middle of Europe with a population of seventy-five million.As we know Swiss capital is Berne and there is also Genera,a widely known city in the world.
Parents are the child' abecedarian, so they affect their child consistently and what they do and how they think which can turn the normal one into a great personage.
There is a figure came from a research called Parents' Influence on Child's Character.
Obviously, children model themselves largely on their mother, rather than father, especially in Japan, that more than 80% influence from mother.
However, the influence on child from American, English and Russian father is far much, which only occupies one fourth.
As far as I am concerned, the influence on children may decide by the time and the way that parents stay with their children.
It is reported that all children are not influenced even by toys and games, reading matter, and television programs.
So parents should modify their action continuously to have a good character and do a good model for child's future.
As a collage, many students like to discuss the teacher between himself.
It was make of a lot of fun for them.
Actuaaly,the majority of people think it is not so good for students to do this .Reflecting in another way ,if teachers evaluate their students .The behavior contradicts teacher' propessional ethic.
It sounds a foul dead.Moreover, we should respect the faculty at all times.
Some people think it does not matter to them.
If he is a good teacher.
Painstaking with his work and responsibed for his students.
That's nothing to worry about.
My opinion on this question is adiaphorous .
On the one hand ,students have free speech.
On the other hand, teacher should be respected .this question is beyond cuspicion.
I believe that the world cinsists with dreams all the time, and the world would be disappointing if it hadn't dreams.
I have a great dream, which it isn't like many peoples who want to be a teacher or a businessman and so on.
To be a anventurer is my dream, because I love adventure, and I want to enjoy the world's most spectacular and beautiful scenery.It's realyy attract to me, I hope I can conquer the highest mountains and the vast ocean in the world one day.
My dream sounds very difficult to achieve, but if it were easy to do, it is not a dream.
Nowadays, the problem of employment is still troublesome.
As we can see in the picture, the unemployment rate and the weekly earning are mostly related to the degree you get.
Definitely, the higher education degree you get, the more likely you are to enjoy a competitive edge in the employment market.
As many students think that study is a boring and bothering thing, they step into social without considering what they will face.
To my way of thinking, we should make every effert to accumulate knowledge and experience at present.
Only in this way, can we enjoy a more comfortable and stable life in the future.
With the rapid growth of the Internet, online shopping is increasingly fashionable.
Owing to its benefits, more and more people tend to get accustomed to shop on the Internet.
However, each coin has two sides, so it is with going shopping online.
As for the advantages of online shopping, convenience is the most significant benefit above all.
Instead of going from one shop to another, people can select and purchase a great variety of commodities easily with a gentle click.
There's no need for us to waste our precious time and energy on going out and looking into each and every window attentively to find the commodities, but waiting at home and receiving packages.Furthermore, the commodities selling on the Internet are much less expensive than the ones in the stores.
On the contrary, undeniably, online shopping has some shortcomings indeed.
For one thing,we are not capable of seeing the actual production which we'd like to buy on the online shop.
That means, we won't recognize the size, color, or the quality of the real items with several photos of them until we pay and get the items.It is terrible that the pictures, which are claimed to be the live photos, may be fake.For instance, it is entirely probable for us to receive a piece of ugly dress with odd colors which has awesome pictures in the online shop.
In addition, some shop keepers on the Internet are not honest and it is feasible for them to cheat you out of your money.
Consecuently, we should pay more attention when we do online shopping.
The world is big,but we couldn't always walk.Sometime we need stop walk.We need a book to enrich themselves.
I like reading.Because I always think books are human's ascensive a ladder.For thousands of years,we rely on the books to obtain knowledge.The book of human progress has a great coutribution.So,reading books is very important.
I like reading novel.I like many stories in the novels.Everyone is different.You just read what you need.
Sometimes our daily life can start to feel dull,dry or depressig--I know it,you know it,we all know it.At times like this,I like to drive into a good fiction book for a much--needed escape into another world,where I can fofget about whatever problems are stressing me out.Whether you want to travel to the land of the Hobbits,a galaxy far away of a tropical destination in a steamy romance novel is up to you.You'll come back refreshed afthe your mini--vacation to a fresh and exciting place in the world of words.
If you don't read,you could be missing out on intriguing ideas that would like wise re-define your personal purpose or business philosophy.
The more books you read,the more knowledge you will have,the more strategies and resources your brain will store ,the more likely you will success.
For young people, getting up early become more and more hardly because of the lazy attitude in modern society.
But for me, I think get up early is very benefit for us, especially for young people.
Firstly, getting up early is the first step of getting success.
We all know that success is not easy to come true,and we need to use 99 percent of perspiration.
Getting up early is the most important item.
Moreover, we can find a lot of examples from our real life.
Secondly, getting up early can built good personal habits, and good habit can make us more healthier and more happy.
We could build a happy mood from the early morning.
And if we let isthis action become a habit.
We would find it's very easy to get up early.
Thirdly, as the proverb goes, early birds get feeds.
We could get education from ancestor.
Compared with some one who get up lately, we have more chance to achieve our goals.
All in all,, we should get up early instead of get up lately.we should use more time to create value in our life.
my paraphrasing:Rebellion of children at their twenties flourished in daily life.They tent to break the normal rules,and some even against the law.Having their approaches to buy liquor secretly is a good example.
However,this anti-traditional trend was not all negative.Some new styles of music were popular among young people such as jazz.Women changed their hairstyle and dress style so as to rebel against custom.It is this trend that pushed our way of life to go ahead.
Listening means paying attention to others' words but not only hearing.
If we don't listen to others' words, they may feel unhappy and have an unfavorable impression on you, the reason is that you don't show respect to them.
Being a good listener can help people understand each other better and set up a good relationship.
For parents, listening is a way that can bridge the gap between children and adults by understanding them better.
For teachers, listening can help them know students' need better, make them meet up student's more easily.
For students themselves, friendship involves much careful and active listening.
They can help each other by listening.
When we are listening to others, we should look at them and show a great interest in it.
Giving them a supportive smile is also necessary.
It is not a good idea to glance at a watch or stop others.
Success depends on many factors, both physical and spiritual.
In my opinion, mental factors like a strong will are far more decisive in enabling us to achieve success.
For example, despite our repeated efforts to quit smoking, our lack of a strong will would still cause us to end up in failure.
In any of our undertakings, we should first set a goal.
Some goals are highly challenging.
Without a strong will, people would give up in the middle and they fail to achieve their goals.
For those people who do succeed, they succeed simply because they have that mental stamina which enables them to challenge even the most insurmountable difficulties.
There is a saying that 'Impossible is nothing'.
To make the impossible possible, we must exercise our perseverance and strong willpower.
Our world is becoming increasingly competitive and only by making strong-willed efforts can we maximize our potential and gain competitive edges, and prevail over all obstacles that lie in our way to success.
Since China opened to the outside world, many foreign businessmen have come here to exchange their merchandises as well as their thoughts and cultures.
It should have been a good thing.
However, when too many western customs come into our minds, even more than our own customs, our Chinese people can't help meet the challenges to traditional culture in an era of globalization.
Talking about the culture challenge, the biggest problem we meet, at least I think, is that the traditional festivals are gradually melt away from people's mind.
That might seem we are keener on the western festivals, such as the Halloween and the Christmas, while neglecting the traditional ones.
Though the government had made people a one-day off at three festivals, Qing Ming Festival, Dragon Boat Festival and Mid-Autumn Festival, we are more likely to remember the holiday, not the festival itself.
In my opinion, the solution made by the government only cures the symptoms, not the disease.
We study history in high schools, but it cares more about politics and not has many specifics in each part.
I don't think we can learn something extremely meaningful in such kind of lesson.
If I were the leader, I will add a traditional culture lesson in primary schools and junior high schools.
The aim of it will be to let the students know about our Chinese customs, from books and thoughts to food and cloths, rather than pass the exam.
The class should be vivid and memorable and may include some performance played by students themselves in that we will never eager to know something if we are not interested in it at all.
Moreover, to have more people know our culture, we can run some TV or online programs on traditional cultures, especially the minor things and the minutiae.
In this way, the Chinese cultures will not only known by Chinese people, but also some foreign friends all over the world.
Although there may be some other solutions, I think these are the basic ones.
I hope that no matter what method the government use, as long as it's useful, China will control its traditional culture and keep it in every Chinese's mind.
Compared to the previous two days of the misty rain,today weather is very sunny.
The temperatures are moderate and the blooming and flowers make the city bright with colors.
At the first class, the teacher with her gentle voice explained HellenKeller ---THE MOST IMPORTANT DAY IN MY LIFE TO US .After the teacher explained, from her bag and took out the two eyeshade and a picture of a pig .She put the picture pasting on the blackboard .Tell us now to do a game.
First of all, we should be divided into two groups.
Each member in accordance with the order came of labor to draw a pig to.
See which group is the fastest best look.
The game started.
Everyone excited.
Our group first up and then draw two ears, next to the students help command: left, right, up, and down--And finally my turn, I picked up the eyeshade, suddenly some confused, not knowing from the direction of painting, the students under the command of draw a pair of eyes.
The game is over.
We draw the pig into a rabbit.
We all laughed.
Eyes are the windows to the soul.
The experience of the blind life, you know how important the eyes.
The issue on whether travel by plane has aroused a great deal of attention in society currently.
Some would deem that cheap air travel give ordinary people more freedom to travel by air, nonetheless others do not think so.
They claim that air travel should be more expensive to reduce environmental problem.
As far as I am concerned, I believe both views have their own merits and coexist.
It is reasonable for some people to suppose that travel by cheap plane not only bring them freedom to choose the flights bur also save money.
Since these individuals can not afford the original cost and some aviation companies issue inexpensive flight during vacations or specific time.
For instance, the price of night flight is cheaper than day flight.
The cheaper air tickets are, the more choices they would gain.
On the other hand, snapping up cheap air tickets may cause the number of flight increased so the environmental problem would be increased.
The way we can reduce the pollution is travel by other public transport when meeting a short distance flight.
But I would say that airplane has been the most important travel tool in the world, especially travel to far away areas, which means we can not live without the plane or even increase the plane tickets price.
To some extent, travel by plane would reduce time effectively.
Having considered the respective merits and coexist of both views, my own view is that we would do our best to travel by public transport such as high-speed rail and bullet train.
Also I would argue that it seems highly advisable for increase the air tickets to the public.
One should never be a giant in language and a dwarf in action.
My maths teacher in junior high school was an extremely talkative person;on the contrary,my English teacher was a quiet person.It was the last year that they began to take care of our class.
The first time our maths teacher met us, she said that she had made lots of students succeed,and was going to make us get high score in the subject.Never had I saw such a confident teacher who could promise the good mark.Compared with her,the English teacher didn't say anything about her achievement,but we all knew that she was a senior teacher.They taught us in the bottom second term.What mattered were our scores.To our disappointment, maths teacher didn't live up to her promise.So unfavorable our scores were that we almost felt discomfortable.Without a word,the English teacher gave us a real shock.Our English scores were out of expectation!
A teacher who always talk about her success failed to make us triumphant,nevertheless a teacher who didn't tell anything about her past succeed.
What we can learn is actions speak louder than words.
I think I cannot afford to lose love, goal and confidence for life.
Love means helping each other without considering what you will get in return.
It is shocked all Chinese what the strong earthquake hit sichuan province in 5.12.2008.
However, we are not scared because there is love all around us.
Many people donated a large sum of money to help them recover from the quake.
They also showed their love as volunteers to join in the earthquake relief.
Therefore, we need love and cannot lose love.
Where there is a goal, there is motivation.
When a man lose his goals, he will be hard to go ahead.
We may be lazy when we have not goal.
In weekend, we do not want get up in morning because we do not have a goal and do not know what to do.
However, when we have a goal, we will get up on time in morning and hard work.
We plan something to do and do better.
If a person wants to succeed, he must have his goal.
If without a aim, our life can be empty and lost.
If you want to succeed in doing anything, you must have self-confidence.
Otherwise, you may hardly achieve anything.
Some people always complain about how difficult their tasks would be and they often refuse to have a try.
Obviously, this show their lack of self-confidence.
It is important for young people to build up self-confidence.
We should get fully prepared and encourage ourselves before setting about doing anything.
We should have a right attitude toward our abilities and should never look down upon ourselves.
We can't lose our confidence if we want to succeed.
Remember to encourage ourselves when we lose confidence .We can also write down some confident words in order to remind us to be confident.
Keep moving forward confidently with your love for life and you'll be on the road to your happiness.
Conclusively speaking, what we cannot afford to lose are our love, goal and self-confidence for life.
If we lose money, we can work hard and make money; if we lose our young beautiful face, we can get inner beauty by wisdom.
However, lose them we will absent for meaning of life.
Here is a difference between science and technology.Science is a method of answering theoretical questions; technology is a method of solving practical problems.
Science has to do with discovering the facts and relationships between observable phenomena in nature and with establishing theories that serve to organize these facts and relationships; technology has to do with tools,techniques, and procedures for implementing the findings of science.
Another distinction between science and technology has to do with the progress in each.
Progress in science excludes the human factor.
Scientists, who seek to comprehend the universe and know the truth with the highest degree of accuracy and certainty, cannot pay heed to their own or other people's likes or dislikes, or to popular ideas about the fitness of things.
What scientists discover may shock or anger people--as did darwin's theory of evolution.
but hardly so with technology;we do not have the option of refusing to hear the sonic boom produced by a supersonic aircraft-flying overhead; we do not have the option of refusing to breathe polluted air.
Unlike science, progress in technology must be our slave and not the reverse.
The legitimate purpose of technology is to serve peopie--people in general, not merely some people; and future generations, not merely those who presently wish to gain advantage for themselves.
We are all familiar with the abuses of technology.
Many people blame technology itself for widespread pollution, resource depletion and even social decay in general--so much so that the promise of technology is obscured.
That promise is a cleaner and healthier world.
We're delighted to hear that you are coming to our school as an exchange student.Welcome to our class.Now I would like to give you some imformation related to your invitation.
In comparison to America's humid,China's fall is dry but gorgeous.With a crowd of slight wind blowing over,you'll get lost in the golden leaves rain.If you have watched "A Bite Of China",you'll be acquainted to the wonderful taste of Chinese food.As far as I'm concerned,Beijing coast duck is my favourate.And I can take you around Tianjin if you like.
Indeed,it's difficult to addapt to the new invironment.But I'm sure you'll get a warm feeling as if you are being with your family in our class.
If it is convenient to you,we hope you can have a speech on America culture to promote the friendship between us.
"The Unhealthy Habits of College Students Recently, the unhealthy habits of college students have aroused wide concern.
A great many of the college students have unhealthy habits.
For example, sleeping too late, consuming too much, wallowing in playing computer games and so on.
These bad habits not only do harm to their health, but also affect their normal life.
Due to these unhealthy habits, college students lose their desire of study slowly.
They couldn't learn knowledge well.They have forgotten the original reason of going to college.
As the old saying goes: An idle young, a needy age.
If we take this phenomenon as granted, more and more students will fall into these bad habits.
If so, the college will not be a place training high quality students, but the root of evil.
Therefore, we must take effective measure to help these students.
Teachers should lift them up and lay an emphasis on study.
objectively speaking, the implementation of real-name system advantages and disadvantages: it is conducive to the network, especially the ultimate e-commerce establishment of credit system, it is beneficial to public safety, national defense significance of maintenance; but at the same time, it is not conducive to ensuring degree of freedom of expression in general, the maintenance of personal privacy, emerging network of anti-corruption, civil affairs, and so the network will also be fundamental impact.Real-name system, in the end should or should not be implemented or that the implementation of how?
spring when the new year came, we saw, it seems that with the arrival of spring, railway ticket system, mobile phone real name system are beginning to bud in spring the same as the Local pilot or around the corner.The real name system will be bound for the spring is a kind of social contract?
This issue we will discuss with you.
National Day arrived, many students have their own plan, some will go home reunited with their parents, to see their parents.
Also some National Day go out to travel, to expand their horizons, appreciate the great motherland under scenery.
And is in nanjing, appreciate to tourism under the beautiful scenery, but nanjing also has the alternative, they stay in school to work (part-time) exercise oneself.
To be adapted to the society.
For me, I still like the alternative, jobs, and can exercise myself, sharpening.
What time can go back home, don't care a sort of a, only to exercise good, is the real worthy parents.
Of course I don't object to the choice of others, everyone has everyone's idea, original intention is good, so I think that National Day students want to do, as long as their think is good.
When I come in university I fell it is different and very interesting.
However, I fell university life is have many time and I am very lost hope.
Some times ago, I decided to make a goal.
I began to reach and find other classmate how to study and work.
Ideal is the began without ideal there is the beacon without ideal there is no secure direction without direction there is no life .When I reach it I fell am right.
As a student ,we will face the social and to learn how to live .I need to set a confident.
Suddenly, we should have a good mind and to reach other classmate in our school do my best to make our more strong and useful.
When our have a idea .we can use our hard work to make it come ture.
The author comments on the American venture capital investment in European market, suggesting it is promising in spite of some challenges due to the cultural differences.
He demonstrates the changing business environment of Europe, the mixed experience of the American firms, their investment focus as well as the niche markets in which they enjoy advantages, and finally puts forward his expectation in the long run.
A growing number of American venture capitalists have set up shop locally, entering into the European market with either a dedicated or a global fund.
Their active investments cover various interests and styles.
Since their arrival in Europe, they've experienced difficulties beyond expectation on the way to implementing the Silicon Valley model, and irrationally rushed into deals when in highly-valued stock market.
However, entrepreneurs should be patient and place emphasis on building companies rather than looking for quick money.
Besides, lucrative opportunities lie in the niche markets where they are able to make full use of their advantages, such as more experience in young companies and their reputation.
In the long run, the lower tolerance for risks and a lack of a big domestic market in Europe remain part of the obstacles for American VCs.
Fortunately, the forthcoming deregulation is likely to facilitate their investment.
The European market is attractive as long as they deal properly with the local culture.
I'm a student in Yangzhou University.
First,the air pollution is serious.Looking at the factory in front of our school.Black smoke out of chimney all the time and with a terrible taste.It's really bad for people's health.Second,noise pollution is also terrible.When we having lessons,we always hear the noise,and the classroom is so noisy that we can't listen to the teacher carefully.Last but not list,the river pollution is also bad.Water in the river is black,sometimes with bad smell.
We should take some measures to save the environment.Such as we should plant more trees and grasses.If we do this,the air can be purified and the noise can be stopped.Of course,education plays an important role in the measures.This can improve people's awareness of protecting the environment.Those are all my own opinion about the environment.Looking forward for your letter.
Dear friend, l'm very glad to hear that you will come to visit my campus W University Of Information Engineering which is located in the west of hefei in N province.
My school is very big.
Our school life is very colourfu.Back in our school there is a reservoir, to have a lot of people go fishing every Sunday.
But the most interesting places I want to take you to see is The National AAAA Level Traveling Scenic Area Z Mountains which is near our school,some people get there on weekend day.
Scenic area within the natural ecology to maintain good.
Many places of interest,Mainly include X Temple,the tomb of L and some places.
The Mountain covered 96% by the trees and the air is fresh, it's a good place to relaxed yourself,I think it must be very suitable for you.I'm looking forward to your arrival.
In nowadays society, single -child family, the so-called nuclear family is very popular, all parents love their kids.
In such sort of family, the single child is the apple of parents' eyes.
Nearly each requirement of the child can be satisfied.
All parents' love, time and energy are devoted to their beloved daughter or son.
All parents want to give the best thing to their children, so they meet a great variety of children's needs and do everything for him or her.
But they do not notice that to spoil their children is a matter of giving them the drug which will make greatly evil effect on them.
So, the answer to the above question is definitely yes.
Firstly, parents should bravely say "no" to their children.
Do not afraid to be a nuisance after saying "no" to them.
No one claims the person to be a bad father or mother just because he or she does it.
Parents reserve their love and do not spoil their children means not to help children do everything and it does good to develop their self-reliant ability.
Success in some little issues can also lead to a sense of accomplishment for children.
Even if children failed, they can also learn how to confront failure.
In addition, parents should not regard their children as their entire content of life and sacrifice themselves to their children.
They must let the children know that they must devote before they acquire.
Parents' love is unconditional, but giving all the time will spoil their children.
Parents who have certain reservation in giving their love to children do not mean to lower the quality of taking care of their children but to put spoiling away in a hidden way and ensure the love between parents and children more deep as well as sane.
Nowadays, many peoples had been study aboard since they were child also the age tends to more young.
Population raising, quality of education and those of the child expected to be someone so on- there a plenty of reason to let their children study aboard.
Frist, population problem is very serious it makes people lose their job because there're exist competition between human; therefore, some of them thought study overseas can learn more knowledge such as relationship of people, being more independent and some kind of speaking skill, it's not only study the book.
Most of the parent wants their children to be profession and have a wonderful future but do they have consider to their children feeling seriously.
Study overseas is indeed have more opportunity than local student to learn and nothing can replace those of experience; besides, I suggest parent need to consider about their feeling and think about it is suitable to them before the advantage of study overseas.
If the children is forced to do, it just waste the time and money finally it's nothing helpful for the children.
Let the children chose their life.
Nowadays, the economy of our society more and more quickly in development.More and more women have different standard,and many people want to make a survey to know what opinions girl students hold in university.
In 2005,some people make a survey from Chongqing University of Technology and Business and East China Normal University .They make a diagram and it is so convenient for us to look.
From the first diagram,we can see about 31% girls look for first in a boyfriend is personality.Around 27% girls look for first in a boyfriend is abilities.And then,17% girls look for common interest and goals,14% girls look for appearance,11% girls look for economic status.From this data,we can know that the most of girl students think the boy friend's self personality are more important.After all, all girls want own boyfriend is an appealing man.
From the next diagram,we can see 68.2% girls think marriage and family is the most important for a happy life.About19.7% girls suppose that career is the most important thing and 9.1% girls agree that money is the most essential.Also 3% think others.As far as I am concerned,the most of girl students hold this view that have an effect on our traditional culture.We always think the family is the basic factor and the basic factor always is the most crucial factor.
From these on,we can know that not everyone think money is the most important in our life.I also think personality and family in the most important.
It is true that more and more persons feel like becoming civil service by taking exam.All the time , in our traditional mind, as a goverment employee is the best choose.Because it stand for power and social position.If you become a civil service, your family, your relative, your friends will be pround of you.Besides, it's more stable than any other work.you even don't need to find other work until you retired.Last, civil service has more relax, meanwhile you can get good pay.
As far as I'm concerned, every coin has two sides.First of all, not everyone can achieve their dream to be a civil service.According to survey , the rate of passing the exam is quite low.Then, all roads to Rome, we could have much more choice besides it.Every work has its own feature.we can do all work as soon as we want to .Next, civil need to undertake heary pressure from all directions.Finally, their work are too boring ,it result they lack of creative.
In a word, we must know enough ourself.Such as our personality, strength, weakness.Don't follow others without thinking but finding a job suit for ourself.In other occupations,we also can be best.
From the picture we can draw a conclusion that nowadays,so many old people are left by their children in China, which has become ordinary.
However, that is unethical for Chinese to abandon our parents because it is our duty to support and accompany them.
I do believe that accompanying can be the best present for them.
And the reasons can be listed as follows.
For one thing, if we just give them money but we seldom go back home to visit them,they will be sad because money can buy what they need but it can't bring true happiness; money can pay for the medical charges but it can't comfort them.
For another, sometimes old people are too old to do something difficult such as holding heavy box, reaching something on the top of the wardrobe and so on.
In my opinion, it's extremely necessary for us to be responsible for our parents' life.
Not only should we provide them with enough money to live a comfortable life, but also we should give them psychological.
recent years.Therefore the crazy in civil servant test has attracted widespread attention.
after graduations.So it is a good choice for them to take civil service exams.
calm down to view the phenomenon anyway.
Nowadays,water shortage is becoming an urgent problem,Shortly before,It was dry in south China,and farmers had suffered huge losses.This shows the importance of water.
Although nearly three-quarters of the earth's surface is covered with water,but it is sea water and undrinkable.Also,a lot of water is polluted and make it more serious.However, the demand for water is increasing, while water resources are scarce.
Agricultural production needs enormous amounts of water, so does industry.
Besides,the rapid growth of population is also one of the reasons of the water shortage.
Fortunately, people have realized this pressing problem and are trying to find ways to salve it.
The solutions are as follow:Firstly, we should call on people to save water.
Secondly,we are likely to take measures to reduce pollution and protect water resources.
Thirdly, circulating water should be used for industrial purposes over and over in factories and treated sewage water can be used for irrigation in farming land.Finaly,Let us make a contribution to the earth.
Nowadays, during the national day holiday, more and more people choose to travel.
Meantime, there is no denying the fact that people's living conditions are being improved on the whole.
In addition, the seven-day holiday benefits to both society and the individual.
However, we cannot ignore the fact that the seven-days holiday have been some problems.
No one could have failed to notice the fact that traffic problems are becoming more and mora serious.
Specially traffic that is during the national day are worse and worse.
Apart from, no one can deny the fact that the environment is getting polluted more and more seriously in national day holiday.
The reason to this problem involves many factors.
Anyhow, we should find proper ways to deal with this holidays problem.
On the one hand, governments should ensure the facilities, such as transportation facilities.
On the other hand, government should take effective measures to adapt the holidays activities.
Recently, online shopping has become more and more popular.
Different people react differently to the phenomenon.
A few people are worried about the problems resulting from online shopping, such as the security of accounts's passwords , the problem related to identity confirmation and the quality gaurantee.
However, the others suggest that the advantage of online shopping is much more than its disadvantage.
First, there are more choices for consumers to make, because online goods may be in larger variety.
Second, consumers tend to buy goods in lower price online , since no sales man and high rent are needed.
Last but not least, in comparison with the traditional way of consuming, it's of great convenience to buy what you want on the Internet, in which way, just click your mouse and the goods will be delivered to your house.
In addition, it's relevant regulations that we are ought to give priority to, instead of fussing too much about the negative sides of online shopping.
As the saying goes, each coin has its two sides.
In recent years, more and more college student only have learning rather than technology when they graduate.
Because many college students are short of taking part in social practice.
In order to reduce this negative phenomenon, the college student should participate in social practice.
On the one hand, they will gain many social experiences.
On the other hand, it can assist them to adapt to society.
Above all, social practice can assistance broaden student's vision.
In my opinion, there is no doubt that college students should participate in social practice.
And we should spare no effort to apply the knowledge what we learn into the social practice.
To sum up, only through social practice can we know ourselves.
There is no doubt that volunteering brings plenty of benefits into our life, for example, it can offset the lack of Social Security System, and aid people struggle together with the social problems.
As far as I am concerned, volunteering not only benefit the people who are aided, but also can prolong life span of volunteers.
As we know, volunteering makes our bodies stronger and minds creative, therefore, a majority of volunteers, they usually have a strong body and a strong mind.
Moreover, volunteering can improve the quality of sleep in the evening, and it really works on me.
I registered as a volunteer in September at freshman year, and I took part in the first volunteering of my college life before long.
The theme of our volunteering is "Oblige a bowl of porridge, make the road of people returning to hometown warmer", which was held in the railway station of Wenzhou.
Although the weather was genuinely chilly and we were exhausted at the end of the volunteering,our hearts were all filled with happiness and we left with satisfied smiles.
What's more, I had the deepest sleep and dreamed a sweet dream that night.
In conclusion, there are lots of benefits of volunteering that some are familiar to us, however, some are still unknown.
But one thing is certain that if we keep on volunteering, then we will achieve our values of life.
Hello,Everyone.My name is H.In my opinion.Nowadays more and more middle school students take their mobile phone to school.It disturb the teachers very much,But should middle school students take their their mobile phone to school?
Some people agree to it, they think mobile phone is very useful,they can use it to call their friends and parents .Sometimes they listen music from their mobile phone and sometimes they play games .
But there are also many people disagree with it .
they don't agree beacuse the mobile phone usually disturb the teachers and other students who like study.
It may make the students being lazy ,they may do bad in their study.
In my opinion ,we shouldn't take mobile phone to school,beacause it may make us play more and study .that's my opinion.
Today I will say something about myself.
I impressed almost everyone as a quiet girl.
I may not say anything when I stay at strange place.
I will be very carefully when I am working.
But I also have a little careless.
I am quiet and I like do everything by my own.
I don't know what can I say when I stay with many unfamiliar people and I'm afraid to bring up some ideas.
Just like the meeting arranged every week, I don't know how to join in them, I can't make up any useful ideas.
So sometimes I'd rather stay alone.
There is no one but longs to be far from the lonely.
But I need to take questions into consideration on my own so that I can complete the task perfectly.
But when I stay with my friends I'll be more active.
I always be carefully but I also be very careless.
Almost after each test, I'll found I made more or less some mistakes because of careless.
I hate it and want to change it, but it seems a little bit difficult.
On the whole, I'm extremely quiet and carefully but also careless.
What should I do is to correct my shortcomings and working hard.
Most of western countries obey to the democracy police of a society.
It means the government will make decisions same as the large amount of people.
The government also regard the majority or the widely conception as the correct decision.
Throughout history, the unexpected invention are all invented or discovered by few people.
The successful and meaningful policy are published by the people that the public against.
This universal notion that the widely held views often correct is not a right idea is exemplified throughout literature and history.
One compelling illustration that the majority may lead to poor decision is the Hawthorne's novel THE GREAT GATSBY.
One may argue that the ''roaring 2s"in America, the American dream of wealth and happiness, is most certainly attainable.
The movies and some people experiences published and known at that time make the masses thought it is simple to succeed if you work hard.
But while the generation of Hawthorne's growth, this group of writer and artist faced the problem of depression, they felt disappointed and then they moved to Europe together.
This group also includes Hemingway.
In the Gatsby's story, after he working for money and acceptance in the community to achieve the love of his life, Daisy, ended up not living his dream.
So the viewpoints that widely support, the American Dream is attainable may not be correct to everyone, even with determination and love.
Another example which are demonstrates the theme the idea accepted by majority may also be a poor guide is the Spanish American War.
During a long period of time, people always thought that USA is a heroic, admirable deed in this battle.
But the truth concealed long times after.
The journalist Pulitzer invited Hearst to publish a famous newspaper together.
The Hearst saw the true condition that actually USA is selfish and imperialistic in Cuba.
Nevertheless, they furnished war without the truth and correct picture together.
By contrast, the truth is USA control the location and freedom of Cuba and their own civil.
A final example that the truth a not depending on the majority is the Roosevelt's New Deal, at that time, American citizen are fell into panic, they are worried about the depression condition, they have no job or even no food.
The Roosevelt published New Deal at that time against by all the people.
Because during the period of that time, Americans thought the free market is the best market and method to manage the market toward the normal pace.
But the Roosevelt said it is essential to take step to control the marketing.
Then the New Deal helped USA survived from the depression.
So it is not necessary to listen to the majority all the time.
As we have seen from those literary and historical examples, the widely viewpoints can be deceptive.
This is especially important in society today.
Because in order to grown and prosper.
We must look at all the angles and believe in the things that we own believe after thought instead of followed the majority.
Chinese Spring Festival occupies an important position in Chinese traditional civilization.
It starts with the New Moon on the first day of the New Year and ends on the full moon 15 days later.
It is celebrated as a family affair, a time of reunion and thanksgiving.
Several days before the Lunar New Year, people are absorbed in cleaning and decorating their home.
Couplets are attached to the sides of the front door frame, adding joyousness and auspiciousness to the festive atmosphere.
On the New Year's Eve, all family members gather together to enjoy an enormous reunion dinner.
Cheering and laughing, we reminisce our old year's memories and make New Year's wishes.
People of all ages stay up late and watch the gala till midnight.
No sooner had the clock struck twelve than everyone couldn't wait to go out and set off long strings of firecrackers to welcome the Lunar New Year.
On the first day of the New Year, everyone dresses themselves in their best.
We call on our relatives and children are given lucky money in red envelopes.
Now, I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
There are all kinds of books in the world.Do you like to be learned in books?
I think a lot of people like selective reanding.Especially in modern chinese students.Of course,so do i.We are a variety of test pressure suffocative,We in order to test and read a book .In fact,I want to see a book you want to see.Each of the books existence has its existence value.this is the thing to have understaning,Not eliminated by the times!And friend chatting nor should not know what,but in an embarrassing situation.
The National Day Holidays is coming and we had have a 7 days holiday.
Most of my classmates are ready to leave school.Some of them want to go travel and some of them are going to back home.They want to enjoy the holiday and do something worthwhile.Backing home is a good thing, however, it will take you a lot of time.
However,maybe home and school has a long distance, Some people decide to stay .They want to stay to work or study .And someone want to have a tourism in nanjing nearby.They are not willing to waste time on the journey from school to home.I think this is a good choice.
My plan is that I will back home and enjoy the holiday,because I think the National Day is a very important holiday in our Country.So I want to enjoy the holiday with my family.I will eat some delicious food and buy some books.If I have enough time,I think maybe I will have a short tour.
You can imagine your life as a game in which you are juggling two balls in the air.You can name them:the ability to study and the development on qualities.As far as we know,it is very important to develop school education for all students.But it only develop students' abilities on learning.So a large amount of people realise schools also should pay more attention to cultivating students' Character Education.Because it can make students know about the importance of piety and honesty so that students can solve some troubles that they will meet by themselves in the society.
Character Education can influence students' development in their future.Meanwhile it can also teach students how to live happily,how to learn efficiently,how to do something seriously for their own future and so on.So schools need let students realise the importance of their qualities and their Character Education besides the ability to study,because both are important for students.Only if students can make it,students are not selfish,indifferent and impolite.
My collage school is Ahhui Wonder University of Information Engineering.It is located in HeFei of FeiXi.The school establish in 2006.If foreign friend visit my school.I will follow him arround some place.
Frist,The school has a big library and all kind of books.For example scientific ,engineer,computer-it is a good place for student to study and relaxing.Second,I will take him to student apartment because the equipment is beautiful,it is suitable for student.Then,we are go to visit the big playground .It can play soccer ball,basketball-All in all,That can involve our healthy.I think it is very important.In addition,the school has a beautiful stadium .If the weather is bad ,we also can esercise.And it have many P.E equipment.
Finlly, I will take him to visit our school artificial lake.The view is fantastic,We can take for a walk and relaxing.
I go to college because I am hard working.When I enter college,I am excited.I finally became a college student.I made a college plan with a feeling of excitement.Here is my plan.
First and foremost,I can continually hard working.study is a college student's arm.second I want to take activly part in many outdoor activities,It is colorful my college lives.Thired I want to learn to play chess in the part time.last but not least,I want to join in student union for improve my skill.
In my opinion,Shy to say I want to find a girlfriend.I want to have a romantic school love.Happy over college life.
One of my favorite books is The Lost World by Aurthur Conan Doyle.
The story was set on an amazing plateau in South America, where a professor called Challenger found the lost world there.
It tells a fantastic adventure in the lost world.
Two professors, Challenger and Summerlee, a reporter Malone, and Lord John are the heroes of the story.
They explore the world and discover a lot of ancient creatures there, such as all kinds of dinosaurs.
They also face many dangerous situations and meet lots of difficulties.
Finally, they managed to solve all the problems and leave the dangerous and wonderful lost world.
My favorite part of the book is when Malone found an empty camp when he came back from exploring.
All his friends are missing.
He must be very terrified and hopeless.
Although their friendship is quite short, although Challenger always argue with Summerlee, they really rely on each other.
Lord John and Malone saved the two professors' life.
They are friends, of course.
I think we should value our friendship, just like the group of explorers.
The Lost World ia a great book.
Conan Doyle was well-known for a wonderful man he's created---Holmes.
His lost world is magnificent as well.
The characters in his book all have their own personality.
It is more than an adventure story.
It tells us how explorers work, and it also shows a valuable friendship.
It is still read and loved by many people today.
It is really a great story.
In Chinese.
When a baby given a birth.
Their parents all hope lay in him.
Want give their baby the best things of the world.
When their child a little.
some parents start early education to their baby.
i think this way is good way early education may have big influence on child's future.
In Chinese, as a saying goes'three years old can see eigty years old'.
when the child three years ago.
his brain growth very fast.
he can receive a large of konwledge from the outside.
if the parents to do early education in this time .
the chlid can acquire knowledge very quickly .
the early education can help the chlid growth to certain degree.
when the child go to school, he maybe smart than other students.
he can remember things very fast and have a good memory.
In general.
whatever the early education have benefit to child.
but the parents love their child, so their hope their child can be outstanding when he growth, and can live a good life.
National Day ended, We all know that the National Day is a major holiday, is also the country celebrate this day.
I like this kind of atmosphere, like the happiness hangs over the grandpa and all of us.
Mother fell ill for a period of time before the National Day, after to grandpa birthday I accompany my mother in the hospital treatment, now also recovered about.
In my life,there should be at least 2 times of impulses.One time forget my own for love.And the other time take leave without delay for a journey.after my boyfriend and I went to the ningxia, It is my first time to go to ningxia.I'm very excited,but i stay there feel days,and i just ate some local food, this thing is memories.
For a long time, dieting has been a mortal issue around us.
Both men and women are longer for an ideal figure of themselves.
Men are eager.
For being masculine and women dying for slenderness.
Dieting, a hot topic, just likes a green tree which can last foever in the forest.
As far as i am concerned, dieting makes a person fat.
It seems that nowadays, very few young people pursue diet, but their effects are very little.
In my opinion, the reason that makes a person fat can be generally divided into three parts.
Firstly, young people always like something new, and the pursuit of dieting may be their pleasure in their leisure time.
There is no doubt that someone really desires for lossing his weigh, but itis known to all, that is not a piece of cake for us.
Dieting needs plenty of energy, time or money, therefore, it is difficult to have a wonderful achievement.
Secondly , a long mixture of your body can be made.
According to a new search of Austrilia in 2011, it shows that dieting will disturb hormone in human's body.
Rearchers investigated a group of 31 young people, who have been in a diet for a long time, most of whose weigh got increased a lot.
Because hormone in human's body has been out of the order.
According to the statistics, a kind of hormone called Leptin, which can make people's appetites reduced.
On the contrary, the other kind of hormone, called Ghrelin, it will be increased a lot, which can stimulate people's appetites.
Consequently, because of the huge change between the two hormone, people start to eat more and more, and become fatter and fatter.
Lastly, most people make a mistake for dieting.
And improper methods of dieting also make people fat.
EXercise is the true way to lose your weigh.
It is reported people become fatter and fatter because the protein in their body reduced suddenly, rather their fat.
During the period of people's diet, protein is the first to lose.
But in fact, it is not protein make people fatter.
The result of lowering the capacity of resolving fat, and people become fatter and fatter.
From what we have discussed, we can safely get a conclusion that dieting makes a person fat.
Dieting is a good habit, it will bring you a sound body and healthy mental, but it is necessary for us to use a proper method.
Nowadays, with the dramatic improvement of living standards, people are increasingly concerned about their healthy condition.
However, when it comes to a healthy lifestyle, we pursue the healthy lifestyle not only physically but also mentally.
As far as I'm concerned, only by having a balanced diet, a good sleeping habit and regular exercise and moderate recreation, can we lead a healthy life.
First of all, a healthy lifestyle requires a balanced diet.
Fruits and vegetables, which are green food with low calories and contain abundant vitamin, mineral, water, are definitely wholesome to us.
Therefore, before or during meals, we can eat a certain amount of fruits and vegetables.
Besides, in day time, drink more water to offer some water our bodies need to take in, which meanwhile will speed up the blood circulation.
Most of all, even though we are impartial to certain food, we are not supposed to overeat at a time, especially greasy food, meat, and sweeties with high calories.
Otherwise, it may overburden our digest system.
Secondly, a good sleeping habit and regular exercise are also instrumental in keeping a healthy lifestyle.
As a saying goes, early to bed, early to rise, healthy, wealthy and wise.
Therefore, it is sensible of us to rise early in the morning and go to bed early instead of staying up at night because enough sleep enables us to be vigorous and energetic all day along while staying up upsets all the activities inside our bodies.
Furthermore, everyday we'd better spare some time to do some exercise, such as jogging, playing ball games, swimming and so forth, which can indisputably build up our bodies and keep us fit.
Finally, adequate recreation is also integral to a healthy lifestyle.
Just as a bow, life is also tense and loose.
Everyday, after work, we can choose to listen to music, dance, sing to remove the fatigue and pressure stemming from hard work, from which we can gain moments of inner peace and pleasure.
Moreover, reading is another good choice to relax ourselves, during which we can immerse ourselves in another world created by the author.
On the whole, a healthy lifestyle can not materialize once and for all.
Rather, we are supposed to keep a balanced diet, a good sleeping habit and regular exercise and moderate recreation on a daily basis.
If we do that accordingly, our healthy lifestyle is just around the corner.
There is no doubt that reading has a profound impact on daily life.
It is high time for us to increase the awareness of the importance of reading.
Reading, like other activities, brings unique pleasure to the readers.
We can benefit a lot from reading.
First, we have more chances to get easy access to the wisdom of the ages and delighting stories, which can make our life more and more colorful and meaningful.
Second, the more you read, the more knowledge you will get and thorough reading, we can have pleasure of the mind.
Last but not least, not only can we enhancing the understanding of the world, the people and ourselves, but also set a goal for ourselves to achieve.
With the fast development of modern society, reading has become a must for people and there is a lot of pleasure we can enjoy.
Gap year is year usually betwen finishing school and starting university or college.Gap year is very popular in developed countries.The reasons of this phenomenon ,I think ,including two aspects.
First,students take a gap year can become more independent.Second,in the gap year,students can travel some places or get some work.Through this,they can know what they really need and study more specific in their college.
There is no gap year in China.As I know,when students graduate from their schools,there is only three monthes for them to relax or know themslves.From my point of view ,the time is so short that when students get into college ,they always feel upset and confused.So ,gap year should be introduced in China.Helpping more students know themselves better.
In my opinion,teenagers should help their parents do housework.
For example I always help my parents do housework.
Such as sawp the floor,tidy up the kitchen and so on.
Every family have lots of housework and our parents always do them.
On the one hand,the teenagers finally to learn to do housework.
On the other hand help parents do housework can not only help parents reduce stress,but also make students healthier.
In short I can't all talk,I will help parents do housework as much as passible.
Our teacher presents an interesting game the students were divided into two groups for the game.
the teacher give a picture, students can remember the thing of the picture.
And then a classmate cover his eyes drew a pictures of something, other students can prompt, one after another to finish the this picture.
The beginning of the game, the teacher took a picture with pig pictures to us, We and another team started a heated discussion.
We think that according to the number of order and draw up.
The first very good students draw a pig nose.
From second students in our painting became more and more strange.
Finally my turn I was nervous, listening to the student 's command I completed the pig's tail.
Finally, we lost the game.
As we all know ,the chinese learning style is different from American learning style .
At the first of all, the chinese teachers like to be strict with students, the teacher only care students" achievement and ignore their ability that they learn some things by theirselves .
on the one hand ,the parents care for their children too much , so their children can not indepedence .
on the other hand ,everyone are not interested in study .
The chinese learniing style have their advancement and shortcoming .
the style can make children learn more things ,however , but it let children have no confidence for study .
In my view , the chinese learning style is not right , it should let students fell very relax , if so ,the student will have enough confidence and their achievement will grow quickly .
So ,we should learn good learning style for American and the other countries.
Hello ,everybody.My name's jacky,I'm from p shcool.It's really a fantacy place,people there are very friendly and helpful.There're also some places of interests in my hometown,I love it and hope that you can visite it someday.I was graduated from X School,it's also a nice school.There're 3 people in my family,you know,my parents and I.We love each other and live a happy life.I usually play ballgames in my spare time,and I think I'm good at basketball.My dream is to play a basketball game with my idol--Kobe one day.
:) So,you see,I'm really an easygoing guy.That's all,thank you.
It's indicated from the report that this year there are hundreds of million cases of malaria, of which at least one million people die, but in fact the figures are likely to be greater than that has been estimated because most malaria deaths are not formally registered.
From this perspective, the report aims to tell us that malaria is still less regarded as a public health priority on the international scene.
It serves as an evidence that a comparison has been made between malaria research and AIDS research in terms of international funding.
However,it turns out that low funding for malaria research would be a threat for the wilder prevalence of the disease, which will inevitably result in a higher risk of boosting death rates.
Especially for those poor countries and cities which lack basic infrastructures, the situation could be even worse.
Fortunately, a feasible policy that tends to focus on killing the mosquitoes has been offered to face these threats.
In conclusion, with malaria gathering strength, it's high time that international community put malaria into high priority so that the death rates can be lowered effectively.
It's of great importance for people to lead a well-being life.
As is we known to us,books are the common approach to knowledge.but what's the perfect way to read?
Some people think reading selectively is very important.Because reading selectively can save much time to read more.And selecting books will make us to find our interests and improve our disadvantages on our sick subjects.
But some people disagree this point,they say that they should reading widely.Because every book collects a lot of knowledge.Everyone should develop himself widely,they need to many kinds of books,you can know more and more.
As far as I'm concerned,we should read books as many as possible,but we should learn the benefit valuce of those books.
As the Chinese, I never celebrate Christmas Day before.
Nevertheless the local of my city they like to celebrate this festival by a funny way.
People parade on the main street of the city.
The parade also caused many accidents.
So it was forbidden.
Nevertheless my memory of christmas day was changed by two parties.
When I was 10 years olds, my English teacher invited me to take part in a Christmas party in a hotel.
I can only vaguely remember there was much food I never ate before and the music that I never listened to before.
Nowadays, I am a high school's student.
We hold a special party for Christmas.
I spent a wonderful Christmas with my classmates and teachers in Happy Valley.
In the morning, our headmaster invited a family from America.
They were friendly.
They told us the origin of Christmas Candy Cane and shared the gingerbread with us.
It was the first time I am so near with the real Christmas.
I am very happy that I will celebrate Christmas Day with my friends in the future.
In recent days, domestic some university libraries have become gradually open to tourist, thus causing numerous arguments.
People come up with different attitudes.
Some people think it is a good thing for the tourist to get more knowledge, at the same time; they can have enough time and opportunity to improve themselves quality and change their own life.
Meanwhile, the school can promote fame.
Others think libraries creates fine environment for students.
If lots of tourist are allowed to read and enter, it can be noisy, thus students can't devote to study.
Second, many books may be lost, because of tourist carelessness.
In addition, by doing this can increase the difficulty of the school's management.
In my opinion, about the problem of university libraries open, the university should limit the quality of tourist and opening time.
Tourist and university both have a responsibility to make our libraries play a bigger role.
I am writing to response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a sales staff.
Usually,I like reading books and browsing imformations from Internet.I have a lively and cheerful character.
I can care about people and other things around me.And I can get along with friends and relatives.Especially,I can understand and respect other people.I have full confudince foe life.I was able to overcome the difficults and positive in my work.I love the work.I think sales staff is a right choose.I believe I can do it well.
I am look forward to hear from you.
Yours sincerely.
Hello,Tim!I want to tell you a message about you wish teach Enlish in china.The job of the english teacher is needed in Q school.But it is a hard work because you should work one term and ten lesson a week as well as you should teach spoken English with two classes.Therefore you should take charge of the school English extra activity which will be hold once a week.Apart from you can earn 4000yuan a month when you work in this school,you also will get the other services such as the trip tickets and the free accommodation and so on.
I wish you will work happy with this job.
For the advantages and disadvantages of study abroad,different people have different thoughts.
Some think the better environment of language is the better way for study.
Study abroad is good for broaden the horizons,and learn foreign advanced science and technology.
It also good for improve cultural communication.
But there have some disadvantages of study abroad.
First,some students are too young to provide themselves,and they have less experience of living.
Second,their parents are not live with them,and they may feel lonely and miss home.
Third,the cost of study is very high.
Nowdays many people think a good appearance is more important than capability,especially girls .Many girls are wild about making up.And do their best to make them more pretty,rather than improving their capability.But at the back of my mind capability is more important than appearance.
I suppose that beauty is only temporary,capability is the most important thing which can make ourselves more successful.Besides, maybe sometimes a beautiful face can help a girl acquire a good position, but in the long run it is her talent not her look that really works in her career development.
As the motto gose "Don't judge a person by his appearance".Therefore, those without good appearance needn't feel depressed because one's success depends on his capability; those with good appearance have to work hard since good appearance cannot bring a person final success.Everyone should study hard to make ourself more capability.
"Many people have best friends.Me too.My best friend is Tom.
He is a easy-going boy.He is tall and clever.He likes swimming so he always goes swimming in the swimming pool.He is good at math.But I am good at art.We often help and look after each other like brothers.He likes not only swimming but also basketball.He often plays basketball with me.I think he plays sports well.So I often study with him.
There are many interesting things between me and him.But I think that I have very good birthday party is the most interesting .
Tom's birthday is on march the sixth.In the morning,I go to Tom's house.And then,I buy a big cake for him.His parents aren't at home.SO we can do many things by ourselves.He has two computers.I play computer games with him.We are very happy.At night,we clean his room.At last,I go home.
I am eighteen years old this year, in my high school life, I have many friends, they are very good, very good to me, and our teacher is very friendly, just like our friends.In the high school life, I achieved good results, and admitted to the university, I am very happy, I will continue learning in high school, discipline, consult the teacher with an open mind.Now I am learning state is very good, excellent results in all aspects.I like to play badminton, to participate in the badminton match, so there is a lot of good to our health.In the end, I think I will happy through my college life.
But how can we acquire knowledge?A lot of people think reading and activity are important roads to get knowledge,perhaps more ways.
Secondly.Reading give us a positive motivation to life.Such as perseverance.brave.honest.struggle .All those good values.Whats more.
reading can widen our horizens and make our life more enrich .enjoyment and make yourself wisdom and intelligent.
However.Others believe that we learn by dong.knowledge comes from ptactise ,this truth has been countless facts more.If we want to get new knowledge.we need to practice and turn to it in study.One day your maybe face many difficult problems.Eventhough nobody help you.As long as you countinue to fight .Try try again .You will solve those problems sooner or later.Last but not least.In practise we use our sence to explore environment, comprehend people and things.
Every street has two sides.The shady side and the sunny.There are two sides to every question.No exception is things.It has advantages and disadvantages.Reading is a good way to get knowledge.But no practical and flexibility.It is easy to make people like wood.Activity also is a good way to acquire knowledge.Through practise you will get many experiences.This way is very diffficulty and trouble.
When it comes to how to acquire knowledge.We need to combine reading and practice.Using this method Leaning will more efficiency.Not only it will make us obtian new minds but also enjoy leaning interesting.
God gave people the ability to talk with each other.
Thus people exist.
People have built many great civilizations on the earth because they could communicate with others and work together.
But still today, we're talking with people.
If people can talk with animals, the world might bacome different.
Few days ago, a Canadian scientist invented a technology which can help people to talk with animals.
This technology is very useful for people to understand animals and communicate with them.
In this day and age,as is well-known to all English is extremely fundamental.It's significant for us to learn English.Spelling is a crucial part of English learning.Nevertheless,an increasing number of students don't pour attention into the spelling of words in English learning.We cannot emphasize the importance of the spelling of words unduly much.We should manage to come up to the solution to the problem.
There are three reasons for the problem that have taken place in our life.First and foremost,a multitude of students don't capture their attention to the spelling of words .They are excessively lazy to remember words.What's more,spelling is challenging.They suppose that they have trouble in remembering words because they can look up the dictionary.Besides,a slice of teachers don't manage to make students realize the great importance of the spelling of words.An army of teachers are not strict with their students.Nevertheless,an ocean of students have no consciousness.Last but not least,society does not make much of the spelling of words.We can see an army of wrong English words in the street.Such as a lot of advertisements .Especially,we also can see a sea of wrong English words when watching TV.It's unfavorable for our English learning.
As far as I am concerned,much attention should be paid to improving the spelling of word.We need to cope with the problem.For one thing,we are supposed to realize the importance of the spelling of words.Then,teachers should require students to be careful.For another,more should be done to strengthen our English.Students can use English as far as possible.As the saying goes,practice makes perfect.There is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of the spelling of words.Only do like this can we cope with the problem.
Competition is a common phenomenon in our social life.Competition is playing an important role for people,especially for working persons.When you enter into a company,you must have defeated thousands of competitors.Therefore,in the dog-eat-dog sociaty,we must be armed with the sense of competition,in order to survive.
And we often find competition and cooperation at the same time.The competition is important to us,the same is true of cooperation.A great assignment can not be done by a single person.Thus we have to cooperat with our colleages.For exampel ,there is a assignment with which need two people to deal.Obviously,the two people must coooperate with each other,olny in this way can they manage the assignment.In addition,there must be competition between the two works.during the cooperation,the two persons are competing all time.They are different two persons,the have vrious abilities.If they want to make thenselves prominent,they must compete.
While advocating competition,we musn't forget cooperation.It is said that the fire burns high when everybody adds wood to it.cooperation is as important as competiion.Compete in the cooperation and cooperate in the competition.
Last weekend, I went to the great wall with my family.When we go to town gate , we met a foreign boy.
He wear a sunglasses , a shorts and a T-shirt.With short fiar hair.
He is coming towards us and asked us where he can buy tickets , he came to China alone.We introduce each other, and invited him to wlks with us and use English introduce him to the Great wal.
We became good friends,and we make the future more contact by e-mail.
Everyone has a beauteous dream, and everyone in the future has a great deal of hope.
As for me, I was a young girl.
I'd prefer a life which allows me to enjoy a blue sky every moment.
I hope the air will be fresh.
So, I hope there will be less environmental pollution.
There is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of development.
It's critical for us to protect our environment.
For example, we can plant more trees, flowers, green grass and so on.
It is nice for me to have more parks and gardens.
I'm looking forward to seeing these changes.
I hope we will be living in a peaceful environment.
The earth's environment is very good, no contamination, there is few disaster of war.
