I was born in 1993 this year i am 22 years old.I work for a few years after graduating from high school.Than i want to continue to learn professional konwledge,so i come back to university.In my freetime,i usually play basketball with my friend .I want to be a professional basketball player when i was still in high school,but i am not high enough.so it is a dream only.
now in order to work i want to study well knowledge and hope to have a happy life at university.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff,because our company has won a large export order,some people whose foreign language is bad.The course will start at 9:00am in the conference room.I hope that members staff can attend on time.
My new classmate,Jake,comes from America.
He is very easygoing and humorous.
And because of his easygoing and humorous,he becomes popular among us.
What's more,he is always ready to help others ,so that all of us like to make friends with him or tell him the history of China.
Although he is an American,his chinese is excellent and he knows many idioms.
Finally,he is good at playing basketball either.
He often plays basketball with other boys after class or in P.E.
class.
Kahlil Cirbran.
Who give you console, who give you know, when you feel sad.Who will accompany you tears, and who will accompany you face, when you lose hope.Who are you thinking of at the moment?
She is always insignificant, no look behind, no one care about her out does not appear.Yes, this is our mother.
There are many kinds of love, Romantic love, beautiful love, painful love, no matter what kinds of love, they brings us are happiness.
But often there is a love the most easily we ignored, it is not little or ordinary, because selfless, so pure, always and we were like peas and carrots that we too used to it and don't take it seriously.Parents give us love is like this, selfless, purity, easy to be we overlook.
In our age, believe that anyone experience puberty that rebellious period.
Our parents to a hue and cry.
We laugh at them the old ideas and the old practices.We always complain, discontent, think we are right.
But they are tolerant, kind, appreciating for us.They give us good--to excellent care, pay attention to us bit by bit.When we grew order, we gradually to know we were childish and fault.Parents never for our mistakes and not forgive us.
From our parents we learn love and laughter and how to put one foot before the other.
So we should go to gratitude,not disrespect.
If later I see no make allowance for parents, disgust parents' children,I'll tell them a word: Please cherish everything that you have already possessed.
Maybe you don't care about it now.
But when you lose it, you will find that how important it is.
As the rapid development of economy,more and more private cars are occurred in many family.Finally,a serous problem emerges on the surface:should we implement a limitation policy for private cars?I am absolutely on the supportive side.
Firstly,many private cars may produce a lot of carbon dioxide, which is harmful to our environment.Secondly,traffic grams can be increased due to the number of private cars.
In a short conclusion,a policy is very emergent.
In the summer vacation,I found a job as a sales-woman.Sales is the common work but it also difficult to do.At the first day,I have known some rules about sales.As a good sales-woman,the first is learn to smiling service.
"You don't angry with your customers,"my manager said,"You need introduce our products in a initiative.
"Secondly,you need to learn new skills for our products to sell well.From the job,I know that I should do everything to use my initiative.If you don't know how to sell,you can ask for your manager.Don't worry about the answer that you can't understand.They are friendly!The much you learn,you do better!
The experience is exciting.When I graduate,I am going through more work to learning.
Learning tolerance is one of the most difference between human and animal.We can bear with others when talked with someone over something .
With the remarkable growth of the population, we have to get in touch with these people.Everyone is exclusive .
If we want to get along well with someone,wo would learn to tolerance the shortcomings of other.In spite of one may have controversy with others in some aspects,he thought of the thing standing the point of others' view ,finally ,he was compatible with others .He is merry and reckons with problems positively all the time .
Otherwise , one is committed his all energy to the trifles of life and do not bear with the weakness of the others ,,it results in who lives with low mood.
Three passions,from the past to the future,have never leaved my mind:the search for knowledge,the ambition for career,the enjoyment of my own family.This passions push me constantly to seek,learnand struggle.
As a member of human being,actually,kowledge is the rarest treasure for me.The process of learning knowledge is toilsome but enjoyable.What's more,the mastery of knowledge gives me confidence and ability in daily life.With equal passion I have sought ambition.To be honest,personaly speaking,having an ambition in my career is more than set a goal,but bring more passion.The last but not the least,Familial affection have occupied a large place in my mind.because families are my nearest people for ever and no thing can chang this fact.
all above all let me find it worth living,and enjoy the great life.only by having these passions,can I make sure that I am living meanfully.
Kindness is as warm as the sun,it warms us deeply in the heart.
This Friday,after waiting for nearly two hours to have my MP4 repaired,I was told that there are still some mistakes in it and I have to go and wait .
It was nearly 7:00pm when I got to the bus station.Buffeted by the wind,I felt the wind was bone chilling .Standing in the wind for about half an hour,the bus finally came.
To my surprise,the bus was nearly full,when I was pushed into the bus ,I couldn't even move my fingers.In the situation of crowding,thinking of my annoying MP4,it has been only 5 months since I bought it,however,it was the third time it got broken,I can't stand it!It take time to get to the repair centre,what's more,the process is a hard trail...
In my time of sadness,the bus stopped suddenly.As I was thrown forward,a woman quickly grasped my hand,"stand with me ,girl!Take my arms.
''Said the woman softly.Suddenly,I felt a warm spring running in my heart...
Words can't express my thanks to her,sometimes,a little help will bring much warmth to other people.Do not save our love ,do something good for others and make it a habit.
My favorite place in school is the reading room, because it is very big and very bright.
More quiet, can help me to read better there are also a lot of useful books, newspapers and magazine there.
It's very quiet.
Knowledge, but also to help me understand a lot of things that are happening around the world Sometimes I even feel I can have a talk with the people in the books.
I can also relax myself in the reading room.
When I feel tired and unhappy,the reading room is the best place to go to.
Reading helps me forget all my troubles.
In a word, reading room is the place I like best.
There are many interesting places,I would say.
And,I'm more like a school teacher.
Always fantasy when I graduated from high school and what si a university.The university life is what king of.how to put a meaningful college life.
And now.I have already stepped into the college life.began to plan my college life.I want to a meaning college students deseve what is different for everyone.A meaningful college life and should be listening to lectures,class every day seriously complete the teacher the assignment.and then is very serious and crazy to play with my friends.enrich their social experience and learning how to do an adult.
This is my university life.a meaningful college life.
Thank you very much for your letter and the inclosure literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
For AIDS, I still know less, just know that it is a deadly virus and it is through the blood and sex to spread.But I see a video which the teacher shows,I feel sad.
I know its harm is so major.In video,Those children are so thin and so sympathetic.Because in Africa, they never get treatment even can not ensure nutrition,then many people dead.In our country,AIDS can get treatment but them are group that are discrimination.So we should care about this group that suffer great misfortune.
This is Jim.He's thirty-five.He is a teacher.He's tall.This is Jim's daughter.She is a student.She's a clever girl and she is good beautiful.This is her mother.She's thirty-seven.She's a doctor.She's a beautiful woman.
Nowadays,we can have access to various learning resources.
It is tempting for us to acquire knowledge through various channels.
Thus,some people think that we can obtain more knowledge from the internet than class.
However,I don't agree with them.
As far as I am concerned,first and foremost we are able to acquire systematic and deep knowledge which is useful from class,instead of disorder and superficial knowledge from the internet.
What's more,there are so much wrong knowledge and pseudoscience that we can't tell apart on the internet.
What's worse,if we believe them,we will be vulnerable to the knowledge,too some extent.
Finally,our classes are well equipped with various facilities which can assist us in comprehension what teachers have told in class.
To sum up,college students can choose optional courses which they eager to learn.
As a result,they can acquire deep and abundant knowledge with the guidance of teachers.
When Miss Emily Grierson died, people made a lot of discussions.
Miss Emily had been a tradition, a duty, and a care.
She has a tough character.
When others asked her to pay the taxes, she said no.
After her father's dead and her sweetheart went away, she didn't ger out any more.
Later, a smell developed, a lot of people asked her to buried her father's body quickly, at last she did.
In a summer, a man named Homer Barron began go out with Miss Emily by the yellow-wheeled.
One day, Miss Emily bought some poison.
When people thought that she would killed herself, Homer Barron got into her house, and never come out again.
At last, Miss Emily died, people got in her house and open the room door, a dead body lay on the bed, and the man had died for a long time.
As a tool of communication and a carrier of culture, language plays an important role in our life.
Different countries have different languages, but they can both be defined into that two kinds of categories: body language and spoken language.
Body language is the gesture you show to others when you are communicating.
People from different regions usually speak different languages, so when we are communicating with someone who comes from other country we sometimes use finger alphabet to let the other know what we mean.
Natural objects often look the same even thought they may come from different places, so people make full use of that.
For example, the gesture of thumb-up means victory in some countries.
But we also should be careful of using it because sometimes things may go on in different way.
Spoken language can also be described as conversational language.
I mean that it is the word you speak out using your mouth.
This is also a sign to differ us human beings from other beings.
different countries speak different languages.
Chinese speak Chinese, America speak English, and so on.
But people from one country sometimes also don't speak the same language.
It's usual because people live on different life styles and different surroundings.
So even if we are from different countries or different regions, we can also well understand what others mean to express.
We human beings can take this unique to make us superior.
It is language that makes us to communicate with others well and live well.
At the school,my favourite place is reading room.
I like reading room because I think it is bright,enough quiet and very large.
First of all, in the reading room,I can read more and more useful books.
What's more,as a student,reading books are very important for our students.
Reading books can let me know many interesting things,and learned more and more important things.
Least but not lest,reading many books can improve your writing skills It can also learn many new skills too.
I like reading room.
It's my favourite place at the school.
Recent years, tourism has been a booming industry in china.
With many travelers flocking to the sites of historical interest during famous peak travel seasons.
Some famous Chinese sites of historical interest has been destroyed severely.
As far as I am concerned, we should charge higher fees in famous sites of historical interest during peak travel seasons.
For one thing, thousands of people visiting an area can cause more pollution.
With so many visitors crowding there, there is an increasing demand for transportation which will emit more waste gases.
As we all know, there will be more people on holiday.
That will surely result in more pollution.
For another, many people who visit an area are sometimes careless in their behaviors.
They leave food, plastic bags and bottles behind.
That would destroy the environment.
Furthermore, many people who visit the sites of historical interest can cause the traffic jams.
This would not only affect your mood of traveling but also waste your time.
In conclusion, we should charge higher fees in famous sites of historical interest.
Therefore, by charging higher fees, people will realize the importance of protecting the famous sites of historical interest.
Yesterday night, a quarrel occurred in my family.
When I was surfing on the Internet,my father came in and said"go to bed early"to me.But I didn't care about it.The second time when my father looked me again,I still stayed up and stared at the screen.He became a bit angry so I promised to sleep soon.However,the situation didn't change after my father's third visiting.
As a result something broke out.Father thought that I was too willful and I complained that parents couldn't appreciate the young's world.
In conclusion,the generation gap is extremely universal.
Recently, With the development of the music.More and more people are interested in music.The music has become one of the important part of our daily life.There some reson why people like listening to muisc.
Firstly,Some pepole listen to music in the moring because it can help them get up.
Secondly, They also enioy the music when they are go for a walk in the park at night.Thirdly,People like to listen to music when they are sad.Because some happy songs can cheer them up.At last, When the are tired ,Listening to music can make them feel relaxed.
Whenever you are sad or happy,The music not only bring us happness, but also bring us satisfaction.
Nowadays,with the economic development, many college encourage college students to join in all kinds social practice in holidays,which is very popular.
As college students,who have much time in their free time,so we should make full use of our time.To take participate in social practice activities is a good choice.,which can broaden our horizons and enrich our knowledge.In addition to it,it also can make our college more meaningful.
But it is important that we should be carefully in the social practice.The society is very complicated,every things may happened.We must learn how to protect ourselves.It is responsible for ourselves.
It's true that most of us value honesty highly.However,nowadays we often confront confidence crisis such as cheating,overcharging,fake commodities and so on .
Firstly,only honest people can be truly respected by others and can make more friends over a long period of time.Secondly,honesty,which is the traditional virture of the Chinese people,can make our life easier and more harmonious.Thirdly,honesty can make our society more stable.A case in point is that Singapore,a society featuring trust worthness and integrity,has a comparatively low criminal rate.
So,for us,the honesty is the most important part of being a human.
With the rapid development of society,more and more technical training schools are being established,and the technical training schools pay more attention to the students'professional skills and fewer ideas of mankind than university.
Some professors think students go to college not only to study some skills of their specialization in their subject,but also to be exposed to some of the ideas of mankind.At the end of their course they meant to reach for a scroll that would read Bachelor of Science or Arts.It would not read:Qualified Technician.They think speciality is extremely essential in university,but the education of mankind's spirit is more essential.
In my opinion,I'm sure, the mankind's spirit is more important than professional skills,because mankind's spirit could improve the quality of our own culture.We know as a civilized person,individual accomplishment is very important.If you lack mankind's spirit,you are neither a well-educated human nor a useful citizen of modern society.What's more,if a person doesn't have best human minds,they won't have good professional skills.
So a better college education is not only to train you,but also to put you in touch with what the best human minds have thought.Although you are in a technical training school.
Long .
long .
ago .
,i .
had .
a .
dream .
,which .
is .
to .
be .
a .
super .
police .
womam .
,when .
i .
grow .
up .
,i .
kown .
it's .
just .
my .
imagination, because .
it's .
out .
of .
my .
life .
,somtimes, realistic .
is .
a .
very .
important .
thing .
Now, my .
career .
planning .
is .
to .
be .
a .
good .
reporter .
the .
reason .
why .
i .
would .
like .
to .
be .
a .
reporter .
is .
that .
i .
think .
i .
can .
do .
It .
well .
as .
you .
kown .
,i .
am .
studying .
the .
media .
subject .
i .
like .
it .
.if .
i .
were .
a .
reporter .
i .
would .
meet .
many .
interesting .
things .
and .
people .
and .
i .
can .
make .
friends .
with .
them .
.not .
at .
all .
,i .
can .
help .
poor .
people .
according .
to .
my .
report .
.of .
course .
the .
trip .
of .
a .
reporter .
is .
full .
of .
dangerous .
but .
it's .
nothing .
,i .
like .
challenges .
In .
order .
to .
achieve .
my .
dream .
,i .
must .
study .
hard .
and .
wide .
my .
horizons .
by .
reading .
more .
books .
news .
leave .
behind .
,experience .
in .
society .
is .
very .
important .
which .
can .
improve .
my .
courage .
maybe .
future .
is .
full .
of .
hardship .
,but .
i .
do .
think .
i .
can .
do .
it .
well .
,i .
am .
still .
in .
confidence .
Yes .
,i .
Will .
try .
my .
best .
to .
translate .
my .
career .
planning .
to .
be .
reality.
oh .
go .
for .
it .
The aim of making this report is to analyse the visitors to the website of 1010 and make a suitable strategy for marketing.
Over the last three months, the number of the visitors to the website has increased on a large scale.
When the research began we only had 3,400 visitors while by the time we had finished there were 4,500 new visitors starting to use the website to find a part time job.
There are two reasons for the increasing numbers.
First of all , I think, we classified different positions so that visitors can find their jobs quickly and the jobs they find suit them well at the same time.Second we made some advertisements to attract people's attention.
With regard to the cost ,banners cost too much but it dose no work very few visitors came to the website due to this .
On the other hand the newsletter emailed to subscribers works well meanwhile it has no cost at all.
In order to increase the number to visiting the website , I think we should classify the positions more detailly .At the same time we should give up the thought to launch newsletters because it costs much but works little.
To handle this problem I think we should email more newsletters to subscribers to attract visitors'attention.
The sun is laying in the solar system which seems calm from the surface, but inside... Hydroyen turns into Helium and produces radiant light.
It takes the light fifty million years to travel from the core to the surface, but only needs eight minutes from the sun to the Earth.
The light is entering Earth's atmosphere now and ozonosphere will stop harmful light going into.
It finally reaches the ground where some ancient people use it to make fire or dry clothes.
Thouands of years past, people now have developed a new technology called "Solar Pannel".
It captures the radiant light from the sun and turns it into electricity.
In the space, a racket is charging with itself by using its solar panels.
The light thinks.
There is a family which put solar panels on the roof of their house in order to give energy for their water heater and other electrical equipment.
In the evening, they can use hybrid power system which is more convenient.
It's nearly five in the morning and the light will start a new day's work...
Contact with my parents and friend and add to the fun with take a mobile phone.
have the other question ,for example when the school play mobile phone hinder teaching, the impact of other students learning.
Chat with the phone, texting, that is a waste of time and money and using mobile phones to play games, exams cheating, great harm.
playing games and cheat, finally the mobile phone is valuables, should be properly kept.
I feel very happy because I can enjoy college life.
To do this, my college life will be meaningful.
Firstly,I want to work hard to receive more and more knowledge.
When I enter the company I can work easier.
Secondly,I want to know many people and make friends with them.
Thirdly,I would like to take part in more activities,such as playing basketball,travel,community activities.
I will take lost of times to learning.
I think I can get a lot of knowledge at College.
This knowledge can make I enjoy life.
In the future,I will work hard to achieve my plan.
Nowadays,with the development of the social,with the development of the technology,shopping on the Inerenet has become more and more popular,many people like shopping on the Internet,Especially is younger.
Shopping on the Internet have a lot of advantages,most of the people think it is very convenient,For the students,the busy men,the old men,They needn't to spent a lot of time in shopping,they can buy some goods that haven't on the local place,Order is not limited to the time and the place.
Everthing has two sides,shopping on the lnternet also have a lot of disadvantages,lt can't insure that goods have a good quality,lt can't try clothes on them,lt is inconvenient for person to return of goods that they don't like .
As far as l am concerned,we may shop on the Internet when we are busy,but we shouldn't shop on the internet frequently,After all,we can't touch and try the goods of the internet,we don't know if it has a good quality.
As we all know,after-school activities play an impoetant role in the growth of the students.
ourselves.What's more,i have made a lot of new friends through it.
Here i have some suggestion.You'd better choose the activities which you are interested in and which are good for you .For example,if you are not good in English,you can improve your English skills by watching English films.
In a word,please take part in some activities after class.And it will make your school life more coloueful.
One afternoon, Madam C. J. Walker combed her hair.
Once again, her hair came off just like the hair was fake.
She sighed deeply.
She had been tried many medicines which can let her hair grow faster, but those medicines didn't work.
When she was sleeping, she thought of a man who showed her a special plant which could let her hair grow faster.
At that time she thought he was lying.
Now she was so tortured by her hair problem that she decided to believe the man.
She went to forest and picked some plants she needed.
Then she kept using them until she found her hair grew faster.
At last, she made the plants into liquid form and sold it as the product.
Soon this product became popular.
I was in Hainan two weeks ago.There was a kind of virus called 'Nuoru virus',It was so horrible!
If someone gets the virus,he will have a fever and a terrible stomachache.There was 29 people in our coach.
In order to be far away from the virus or even kill it, I have to eat some garlic.
At the same time, I have to drink much more water than I used to.
Luckily, I have no problem and returned safely.
There was a reason that why I didn'tget the virus.
That is I got it right in Tianjin a minth ago.
I knew why I often had a fever then.It is not a way to protect myself from getting the virus, but a reason.The right way is to eat something spicy to kill it or drink more water.
Normally school education aims to cultivate students' abilities to learn and think.But mor and more people realize that without the cultivation of moral norms and ethics,we can hardly expect a society to be nice enough for leading a harmonious life.As a result,school should attach more attention to develop students' character education,such as qualities of honesty and filial piety.
Character education plays an important role in the development of future society.It meets the need of emamphemf sizing and developing the students' all-round qualities.In the long run,it protects students from being selfish,indifferent,conceited as well as important in their daily lives.What more,it teaches students how to learn efficiently,how to live colourfully,how to do things seriously,for their own future,and also for the future of their motherland.
With the development of economy and technology,Nowdays,everyone has a rich life that related to the advanced equipments.
The college students hardly go out dormitories.Insteadly,they are absorbed in the network,we can see a bunch of guys holding the telephone or compute tightly every time,chatting on the Internet, going surfing,watching the shows and so on.they are short of social practice.
College students should take part in social practice actively.it not only give us exercise.at the same time,teach us some daily regulars,make ours commuicate fluently with various persons.
In my point of view,college is a turning point,it is a small society,we can make preparations abundantly.As step into big society lay the foundation,it is important for us to experience life,get up the courage,we are ready go.
our lives are changing many great changs.in the past 10 years,through the reform and opening up,economic rapid development.The car replaced the bicycle;mobile phone can be seen everywhere;people wearing clothes more individuation;modern mind more and more progress.
But in these changes,i think the internet is widely used in the life the biggest change.With the development of economy,the computer has enter many family,people use computers more and more younger.They through the network chat,meet friends,entertainment,pay attention to the change of the world with news.The net,do not go out to choose goods for themselves.Government was aware of the power of the web.Through the internet this platform and net friends exchange.
It's well known that Details determine success or failure.Therefore,it's very importance for us to pay attention to the details such as some small things.
As shown in the picture,although the dustbin fulling of rubbish has not been disposed,the boy is worried about disposing of nuclear waste.
It's really ridiculous that we ignore the smallest things instead of worrying the things unrealistic and far away from us.If we can't deal with the small things,how can we manage the big thing well?
Only we pay attention to the small thing and dispose it positively, can we complete some big things.
Therefore,never think yourself above business,pay more attention to some not eye-catching things, dealing with them positively.
spring festival is the most distinctive traditional festival in china,Different methods to every place of the Spring Festiva.
they will watch tv however will play computer games and my friends.Any they sing kara ok.crazy to play.
Day three,we will go to grandparent's home.Will have a family dinner.Have very many delicious food.And family together to celebrate the Spring Festival is my greatest happiness.I will treasure at this very moment.
Nowadays extreme sports like rock climbing and parkour have attracted considerable public attention and had a large growth in popularity among young people.
However, a heated debate will arise on whether extreme sports should be encouraged.
The opponents of the extreme sports are more concerned about the hidden risks and the possible injury even death from such sports.
A convincing case is that even the professional skateboarders are likely to get injured when losing balance on a handrail, despite the improvements in protective equipment.
Thus, extreme sports require a high standard of skill-training and a good practice ground with proper supervision, which are quite demanding for common people.
In contrast, proponents believe that extreme sports are an antidote to youth's daily pressure.
For energetic young men, extreme sports are always challenging, exciting, and fancy.
Besides, they also can build up one's body as well as one's confidence.
Most importantly, extreme sports provide the opportunity to dig out one's potential and to find out where one's extremes lie.
Personally, I support extreme sports, but I still have a strong advice for those players that sufficient training before any extreme sport is absolutely necessary.
Nowadays,for the family economic reasons or the personal reasons, some student apply for a bank loan, as the cost to finish their college life or graduate student's life.
These students have benefited from national policies.
There are some view of mine on students' taking bank loans.
this is a good new to the student who was born in a poor family.
They can aomplete their studies successfully, and return to society when after grduation.
But some students don't take advantage of this opportunity ,they dawdle away their time.
In the way ,the bank loans loses its meaning.
In my opinion, if you take the bank loans, you should study hard to repay the society.,and both the country and personal take the benefit.
When i first got in touch with the instructional medium,.i have doubted how effective the teaching method is.I have no idea whether the student who send me the homework is the one registered for the course.
the instructional medium also required me to rethinking how I deliver the subject matter.Without the communication which is face to face,but only though the PC,can i still let students feel the same passion and sense of humor.
My shy dought gave me very big inspiration.She never speak on the class,but she put herself into the discussion and tell her own opinion after she sign up two online courses.
The online class begun which is better than my expect.The students followed directions well and the discussion version was very lively.Although i have never seen any students,i can understand them though their homework,I saw the students' attitudes develop before my eyes.
I noticed it seemed to work better with students who were very comfortable with the computer and willing to become part of a community built around the subject matter.The teacher is willing to help build the sense of community and keep up with e-mail.
An old man tumbled on the road accidentally, but passerby was hesitating about giving the old man hand.,even pretend not to see and go away.
At a glance, this seems to be a simple question.
In fact, due to various incidents that have occurred recently, this issue has become an embarrassed question.
Imagine if your own grandfather or grandmother fell.
Would you consider, even just for a second, the answer is obviously no.
Maybe you are worried that they will accuse you of pushing them over and then make you give them money.
But really, we can't stop help them for this.
Before help them up, we could record a video to proven innocent.
If you really doubt them, you can call police for help.
We can't leave them alone.
I think whether should help old people up when they fall over is not a big problem for young people who has kind heart and I believe everyone is a high-quality man who willing to give a helping hand.
Before I went to HUST to learn English, English, for me, is just as a language tool, which may be contributed to our communication with the foreigner or go abroad.
However, in term of the English learning at HUST these days, English is no longer a tool, but an interesting thing.
First of all, I find more content in class at HZAU, not only include the specific in books ,but cover a variety kinds of field,such as music,movies,economy and so on .
In addition,enhancing the relationship between English and life adds pleasure in class.
In brief, learning Double Degree for English in HUST broaden my horizons on the field about English and the world outside school.
We are pleased to inform you that we have packed the captioned goods referring the Sales Confirmation No.J-29.Your goods will be shipped by S.S."Pearl" and they will be transhipped by S.S."Mayflower".This agreement is about cost and ocean freight to come to a deal.We have faxed you the related files in 15th Mar.2013 ,so you can insure promptly.
Thanks again for your order,we sincerely hope we can cooperate with you again.
The internet play a very important role in our daylife .Everyday thousands people play it wity the help of the net you can get many useful imformations.you can make friends with differents people ,you can ask the help or questions the answer and so on.Every coin has two side,on the other hand, most people and teachers think it is a bad things to play computer.They think it is a waster of times and money.play too many computer is also badly for students eye and healthy-so we should take the advantage of the internet,make our life more beautiful.
Today, some teachers divided into groups to let students study English.
For this, some person don't think it is good for students.
Every student's level of groups is different, and the contents to study are also different.
It will conduct their level stand still.
Others think it is extremly good to study.
The one with the aid of the others in of group can take in English very earnest and efficient.
I think, this way to study English isn't better.
Most students of group not follow the teacher and always talk jokes, much less study English seriously.
It could waste some one time that have ability to study English well by themselves.
As a result, I'm opposed to studying English by groups.
This book is more than a book on creative thinking.It is designed to help you become a practical way of creative thinkers.
As a matter of fact,most impressive to me is the 13th chapter of"Better of your subconscious mind".Creative thinking is not only painstaking and meticulous metal but also built on the basis of accumulated knowledge,we need to consciously developed over a long period of training and gradually have good thinking skills and thinking.
After reading this book,I became more confident as creative person.In addition,Subconscious can determine to a large extent,our life,our life choices and control of life events.What's more,we should be sure to change,positive subconscious control you become the backbone of your life,so as to fundamentally change your life of happiness in life.
In a word,creative thinking is not difficult,everyone is able to try their best to do it,to try new methods,and consider things from a different perspective.
Nowadays,with the reform of the college student often goes to travel,it selects self-help Travelling.
It is common occurrence in our campus,many factors lead to self-help Traveling of college student.
On the hand,it can relieve their financial burden,because they don't earn money why the reason they use they parent's income.On the other hand ,it is able to make more friends get along objection to share their have a good time .
As for as I am concerned,I think it is a good idea .What's more,it can spend more time together and communication with each other.There is still a long way for us to promoted in college, but as a student myself, I find it rewarding and interesting.My personal experience certainly drives me to choose the method.
I was shot by Blackbeard's pistol.
My blood gushed from my wound and I felt swimmy.
Then I saw Blackbeard grin cruelly.
He raised his pistol again.
he shouted.
I shouted in my mind.
I tried my best to raise my pistol and shot him.
He wanted to dodge.
However he couldn't do it.
He clasped his hands over his chest.
My behavior enraged him.
So he howled and rushed at me.
We started to tussle with our sword.
After ten minutes, when my first mate came into the cabin with my crews, Blackbeard and I lay on the ground.
Now we couldn't kill the other because we were all so tired that we couldn't tussle and use our swords to hurt the other.
There were no bullets on our pistols, too.
I said weakly.
My first mate nodded and shot Blackbeard.
I knew Blackbeard couldn't be alive again.
I was relaxed.
But now I felt so cold.
Consciousness fell in the dark gradually.
I knew I would dead today.
But I didn't regret because it was my duty to get rid of Blackbeard.
I knew my sacrifice was meaningful.
I am a 19-year-old girl.
My Chinese name is X and Sunny is my English name because I like the sunshine very much.
I was born on Jan 6 th 1992 in Y. T in Y is my hometown.
Although it is not a well-known town, to me, it is a beautiful and peaceful place where I grow up.
It is the prettiest place in my heart.
My family is not very big and it is made up my parents, my brother and I.
We live happily with each other.
My mother is gentle and soft and my father is serious.
In study, they are strict with us, but in life, they give us more freedom to do something that we like.
They never force us to do what we don't like.
My parents always tell us to try our best to go for our dreams and never give them up whatever problems we meet.
They can help us and support us if necessary.
My father is brave and hardworking and he is my hero and I hold him up as a modle and I follow in his footprints.
My brother and I are lucky to have fresh and wonderful childhood and wise parents.
To be honest, I am not an active student.
At least, I don't like taking part in some activities about study and sports.
I am not interested in asking and answering questions.
In fact, I know it is not a good habit.
Maybe you think I am a shy and quiet girl, but it is not true.
That is just because you don't understand me very well, some friends say that they are tricked by my appearance at first sight.
They touch me more time and they find me outgoing and I have a good sense of humour.
I have my own ideas and principle which others hardly change them.
Maybe someone feel that I am a stubborn girl.
However, I think I have a good temper and patience.
I often stand by the windows and look at the sky.
Sometimes I just lost myself in thinking.
I wish I were something unreal and do what can not be come true in the world.
I am keen on comics because they have perfect roles and exciting plots and wonderful endings and so on.
I often watch them with my good friends.
In my study, there are so many good teachers who have rich knowledge and teaching experience.
I miss them very much.
They are so kind and hard-working who support me and encourage me to get over problems.
Of course, my dear friends, I miss you too.
I am lucky to meet you and you make me have sense of well-being.
I value the happy time with you.
I know I have a long way to go in future, so I must get more knowledge and improve myself a lot to be ready for the challenge.
I am lucky to have your accompany and care.
You give me power to go ahead to achieve my goals.
I am looking forward to the beautiful future.
When I was young, I am cant of words.
Don't always communicate with people, and my sister is a lively and cheerful girl, very popular with everyone.
My parents also love her best, my heart is not balanced.
Until the junior high school, I lived in a boarding school and far away from home, I was more lonely.
Once time my classmates and I went to Internet cafes to play, i feel it is a mysterious world, my heart is very curious, then through the QQ know a lot of friends, I can talk with them without fear.
However, on the other hand, it comes with my achievement drops, I didn't know I have Internet addiction, began in play truant, even cross the wall out.
Often in the river walk, which have not wet shoe, I have skipped school go to Internet cafes.
Until the teacher looked me up and told my dad.
The next day my dad pick me up from school to go home to reflect, my mom was very angry and hit me, at that time I feel this world is really black.
I was shocked to hear the cries of my mother, I suddenly understand, parents still love me, I just not good at expression, do not take the initiative to communicate with them.
China's parents are conservative, not deliberately to show love.
But from then on, I began to learned understand others, brave to release.
Dr. Seley from the American Academy of International Pressure said.
From our intuitionistic senses, headache, tachycardia, insomnia and dreaminess are all signs that the body is stressed.
Moderate stress is beneficial to growth and development, but once the stress exceeds the capability, it destroys our health both physically and mentally.
Under the pressure, the body will spontaneously enter into stress mechanism that the supply of the digestion and immune system will be reduced, while the supply of the muscle, heart, and respiratory system will be increased, which successfully explains why we feel inappetent and short of breath in overstrain.
If this circumstance lasts for a long time, it will lead to more serious diseases, such as high blood pressure, heart disease, and diabetes even cancer.
Scientific research shows, the main culprit is a chemical composition in the body called skin glands ketone, which can productively inhibit activities of immune cells, the function of which is fighting against harmful bacteria and eliminating all mutants or cancer cells.
Thanks to the stress, our physiological balance is lost.
Its effect is more obvious in terms of psychology.
Because of the excessive tension, our ability of self-control will be gradually weakened, followed by a negative attitude towards life.
Therefore, with such pessimism, not only they cannot tolerate sensory stimulation any more, but also will their personality become extreme and pessimistic, which performs in suddenly yelling, and bursting into tears or laughter.
In this crowd, the morbidity of melancholia goes up year by year, as well as the schizophrenia.
What's worse, slackness can also appear in the quality of both work and family life.
He will perform in the job with a low efficiency and show indifference to colleagues.
Once the negative feelings are taken home, the tragedy of family violence is likely to take place.
In addition, impulse, procrastination, interpersonal conflicts and lack of perseverance are all strategies used to mask negative emotions.
After knowing consequences the stress will bring, we are more concerned with a question, how it forms.
Actually, the cause of the pressure can be divided into two stages.
First, there should be a sticky situation possibly threatening our goals which we strive to accomplish.
Next, we think subjectively that we may not strong enough to eliminate this threat.
Since it is impossible to avoid stress, the only thing we can do is to correctly understand and alleviate it.
It is by easing the pressure that we can continually prove our abilities and reveal the value of our existence.
I have a lot of good habits.
I always exercise.Because doctors say exercising is good for our health.
And I always study hard.
I always eat fruit and vegetables,too.
And I usually read books.
I often use the Internet,but I use it for homework and not for fun.
I hardly ever eat fast food and I never drink coffee.
However,I have some bad habits,too.
I usually watch TV every day.
And I hardly ever help with housework.
So my parents don't very happy.
And I often eat junk food.
So I decide to be a healthy boy.
Nowadays, more and more people died of traffic accident.
Car accident as one of the important social problems, has always been paid great concern.
Every day, there happen quite a few car accidents, many people suffer great property losses and some of them even lose their lives.
The needless slaughter on street and highways can be attituded to three general causes.
The first reason is Mechanical failure.
One of part from this reason is car dealer become more and more careless of making car.
Another part is car users lack knowledge to take care of their car, they did not follow the advice of keeping maintenance of machinery.
The parts of car became older and older.
It is give chance of cre accident.
Another important reason is enviromental conditions.
Weather, Greening of road, Geographical environment and so on are potenital dangerous of accidents.
The last but not least, more and more vehicles on road increase the chance of accidents.
In addition, many drives lack safety awareness and even do not comply with the traffic regulations.
For example, drive after being drunk.
Besides, the weak supervision and management of traffic control sectors is a noticeable reason.
When studying at school, students are always forced to understand arduous theories, which make them so perplexed that people gradually hold the view that it is enough for students to learn facts rather than understand ideas and concepts.
However, from my perspective, ideas and concepts make the base for facts, that's why ideas and concepts are equally significant to facts.
Firstly, only when students know the ideas and concepts can they be able to understand the facts.
If they only learn the facts, what they remember is just what happened not why it happened.
For example, when I was in primary school, one day I found the rainbow was colorful with various kinds of colors, and I thought it was painted by someone flying in the sky.
Fortunately, in a physics class, my teacher told us that the formation of a rainbow depends on water and sunlight, then I realized that what I originally thought was totally wrong.
After figuring out the concept, I could even make up a rainbow by myself.
From the former experience, it is obvious that learning ideas and concepts help students understand facts instead of letting them believe in wrong thoughts.
Truancy has become more and more common in our school life.
Most of students often late for class or absent from class.
They also slip out of the classroom before the class is over.
This leads to reduced efficiency of students study.
It's a serious problem for our learning.
We most solve it.
It is important to attend class on time for university education.
If a student was late for class five minutes, he will lose the knowledge that teacher told to us.
That content could be very important.
But teacher won't say it again because of him.
He learned less than others.
To attend class on time, we must develop some good habits.
For example, going to bed early and having a rise early are good habits to attend class on time.
It's a duty for not only students but also teachers.
So teachers need to speak more interesting.
It is good for students to solve that problem.
College is a good place to study rather than to have a rest.
I hope my suggestion can solve the problem.
With the popularity and development of the Internet,more and more people do shopping online.Shopping on the Internet has been a fashion especially among the young people.
Compared to buying in the stores,shopping on the Internet has a lot of advantages.On the one hand, it is convenient and comfortable for us.People can buy everything they want on the Internet.All they need to do is to sit in front of their computers and click the mouse.
Shopping on the Internet is doubled-edgedsword.It also has its disadvantages.The first disadvantage is that the consumers can't see the goods.Sometimes,the real goods may not be the same as what they have seen on the computer.The second is that some shops on the Internet are not registered.They will never deliver anything to you after they get the money from you.Once cheated,you will find that you have nowhere to complain.
So I think we should pay more attention shopping on the Internet .We can buy some low-price things and we must give the money to the owner until receive the thing what we buy.Shopping on the Internet we must be careful.
The winter holiday is coming.
Daming makes a plan of it.Let me tell you.
First,he gets up and gargles at half past eight.Fifteen minutes passed,it's time to have a healthy breakfastand then do his homework carefully from nine o'clock to half past ten.And do some exercise inthe garden until eleven thirty.At twelve o'clock,he has decilious lunch.In the afternoon,he has a computer lessons or English lessons in two hours.He read many kinds of books from four PM to six PM.At six thirty,he has a little dinner and then searches for information or wacth his favourite in one hour.He puts away things until nine o'clock.He goes to bed at nine thirty.What a rich holiday!
In our campus, the phenomenon what students cheating in exams is more and more.
However, cheating in exams results in our attitude isn't correct and students study not hard.
Students cheating in exams not only explain they don't hard working but also explain their dishonesty.
Students cheating in exams is a symbol what the student's dishonesty.
And illustrate college student's quality lower.
Student's primary mission is study, so we should take measures to this phenomenon.
We should prevent students from cheating in the exams.
Firstly, we should organize students to host activity of examination with honesty, talking about the abuse of the cheating in exams.
Leting the students sees the damage and refuses to cheat in exams.
Secondly, we should do hard study, in this way we don't worry about the exam and cheat in the exam.
Many people might experience the same thing with me that you get a strange call to introduce some goods to you such as furniture, household appliances, electronic products and so on.
You might be extremely annoyed at this.
As far as I am concerned, fingerprint verification is the most way that we can use to protect our information effectively.
First of all, the fingerprint of everyone are different.
If we regard our fingerprint as the password of anything that can get our information like our telephone, the phenomenon that we are harassed will be less.
Secondly, most people like recording life of themselves by taking photos.
Nevertheless they may have lost their mobile phone, so their photos may be leaked by the one who gets the phone.
As we know, many famous stars have experienced this, and they received a lot of damages.The appearance of fingerprint verification will prevent them from the case which can bring them loss like this.
In a word, the appearance of fingerprint verification can bring more advantages than disadvantages.
It can not only prevent us from being harassed, but also protect our personal photos from being leaked.
To make our personal information safe, I suggest that we everyone should adopt the fingerprint verification.
Zhu ying tai disguised as men go to hangzhou Wan Song academy study,road in Liang shan bo,and hit,become sworn brothers.
Learning together for three years.Liang shan bo don't know Zhu is a girl,Zhu ying tai for receiving a letter from home.Let her hurry back,but her inconvenient the reasons why.Let the teacher give white jade ShanZhui to Liang,as a token of love.
Liang shan bo after informed,and hurriedly go.But Zhu ying tai was betrothed to the Ma wen cai,she would rather die don't want to,finally Liang died urgently.
Ma wen cai to wed,but Zhu ying tai was white mourning dress,when after Liang shan bo tomb,the tomb burst suddenly,so she jumped in the grave,then tomb is closed again.In the end,they turned into a butterfly.
It is said that the reason why a great man is great is that he resolves to be a great man.No wonder that everyone in the world wants to be successful,but not everybody realizes that what personal qualities we should acquire.
I'm also eager for success when I was a little girl.knowledged from my experience of life,I think that there are seven personal qualities I should have before I become a successful woman.
To begin with,I must keep a conscious mind.not only should I realize what's my strength,but also my weakness.after having an exact evaluation on myself, I know where my position is ,so I understand how to improve myself.
Second,I should acquire the A higher cultural quality.whether one person is successful or not,related tightly to the standard of education.The well-education is vital to the whole life of someone.If someone is a illiteracy, how could he has the power to be qualified to his chasing position.
Third, imagination and creation are immense important tome.if I want to be successful ,I should set a goal to myself.Before I have my ideal goal,I should have many reasonable imaginations.For instance,there are two people would like to clamber mountain,one person's aime is to reach the peak of Mount Everest,the other person wants to get the top of 4000 high mountain.During their endeavor,the two people live up to their faith.No doubt that the first one person does better than the latter one,because the latter one must be regret not to choose the higher mountain, and he doesn't take advantage of his potential.once he decides to have a change,there is no opportunity waiting for him.As for us mankind,we can't change our decisions in our half of a lifetime.There is a famous words,chance is ready for the preparation.now,let's make an aime before the action.
Forth,the active attitude is necessary.Your appearance is the illustration of your expression,while your expression will betray your feelings.the proverb said, Attitude decides everything!Self-confidence,optimism,persistence are the main attitude qualities of success.
The last but not least,interpersonal relationship that we should not ignore.
A friend indeed is known by sharing hardships.Especially when you are depressed,your friend may encourage you,give you power to step to your goal.A life without a friend is a life without a sun.Friendship is a treasure resource.
These qualities are the Necessary conditions of success,but not the Sufficient conditions.I'll do my best to achieve my success.
National Day is a very important day in China because National Day is the birthday of our great motherland .
It's on the first day of October.
Everyone is happy and busy.We celebrate this occasion in different ways.National Day was a fine day for going out.The air was clean.The sun was bright.The grass was green.We all had a long hoilday.I'm looking forward to going someplace.
Neverthless I am the exception ,most of my time is spent in the laboratory .It sounds so disappointing .Yes ,I do think so .But the fact always be controlled by oneself ,isn't it In addition ,like someone I treat my National Day as the rest time for my previous days and the following .During these days in my laboratory I do a lot of things to my interest not as that on my commom days .In the daytime I would like to read some books in my favorite having nothing with our project .I also would like to go to the internet to explore much information such as about football or basketball and so on .I have watch lots of movies that I desire to for a long time on my computer in the evening .Additionally I have do some exercises for I have played football games with my calssmates and I feel that doing sports is great .
In this three days, we were not only happy in this entertainments but also my family could have a choice to play with each other.
We could forgot the trouble in the work or study, we felt the daily life became more beautiful.
Nowadays,more and more people are beginning to be aware of the seriousness of "fast track".
According to the agreements' promoter, the promise of new jobs was the principal justification for NAFTA and the WTO.
But there are a good deal of evidence that the current trade policies have resulted in massive trade deficits and job losses.
Therefore, the NAFTA and the WTO have been hurting U.S. workers and industries.
Because of the flaw, the NAFTA and the WTO have failed what they promised.
In my opinion, a system of both free and fair trade can offer the benefits for most countries.
So the NAFTA and the WTO should repair and rebuilt their trade deals.
First of all, please allow me, on behalf of all organizers, to make an announcement about this competition.
I'm firmly convinced that this activity will improve your oral English, help you develop the habit of reading, as well as inspire your life-long love of English.
When it comes to the notes, every participant has five minutes to present us a vivid introduction of your favorite novel.
What's more, fluency in English and accurate pronunciation will give you priority to other applicants.
I think this one-of-a-kind chance will give you a both rewarding and challenging experience.
Get actively involved in it and enjoy yourself, I hope you'll have a nice time here.
That's all, thanks for your time.
I Will choose the second one.
After graduation, everyone is faced with looking for a job, lots of confused students do not know how to make choices about jobs, but they will make their.
Different choices, whether a high salary or a promising job.
First of all, what graduates need not money return, what is more important, a good development opportunity can make our career more smoothly, get more progress.
However money can not bring these for me.
Like my cousin, she close a profession that is unpopular, the major in tourism, what her parents are strongly against, but with the development of tourist attractions tourism industry is booming, offering my cousin had a good job and also realizing her dream.
Secondly the good jobs not only in order to gain more social experience to enrich ourselves, but also can improve our ability to work, these are worth more and more significant.
Third a lot of high salary job although looks very enviable but the content is too simple, it is difficult to learn what we want, from the long view, is not conducive to the development of our cause.
It is a organazation that composed of many warm heart volunteers,called the Dream House.Because the parentes of student were so busy that cant take good care of their chilren,but the volunteers can give them help.Gradually,the dream house bacoming more and more popular in our community.In here,the volunteers will offer the delicious meal and solve the difficult problem of the student's homework.The most impotant is that the dream house often organizes the meaningful activities to make the kid happy.
Nowdays computer play an important role in our normal life.most of people could use computer to do something they need to do,and more and more people rely too much on computers.
Reliance on computer may give rise to some problems.First,people is lazy to think about something themselves once they do it without computer if they rely too much on computers before.Second,people used to use computer in entertainment could not be interested in something else.In their hearts,computer is only tool to make them be happy.
In my opinion,we should pay more attentions on this problem.It is worth making more and more people realize that reliance on computer is bad for us.
As we all recognize,it has become a trend to shop online.Therefore,how we should regard this thing?I suppose that we shouldn't be blind when shopping online.Because each coin has two sides.So it is with shopping online.
On the one hand,people for the most part prefer online shopping at home.Firstly,because they think it's more convenient for the sick and the busy people who can't go to the shops in person to make the purchase of goods.Secodly, they can only use credit cards while shopping on the Internet.Aparting from this,they think online shopping is cheaper than stores.Thirdly,it also can compare prices.Therefore,they can let up their expenditures.What's more,they can also find many things what they can't find in the real store.Moreover,we devoted ourselves to studying and working, it makes us have less time to go out for shopping,online shopping provide us variety of goods to satisfy our endless needs.
On the other hand,not all the goods have good quality in the Internet.Firstly,it results in some people who dislike shopping online,because the real goods may not be the same as what have seen on the computer.Then,they would rather pay cash instead of letting out their personal information.So they think it's unsafe for them to shop online.Thirdly,not only it's unsafe,but also they buy some things are different from what the shop assistant describes.The last but not least,some things in the Internet are much more expensive and sometimes the shop is much less faithful.For example,there are many swindlers who cheat us out of money by opening the online store.
As far as I'm concerned,I believe that shopping online will be more popular in the future.But at the same time we should harness the benefits while avoiding the drawbacks.In a word,we needn't be blind when shopping online.
Nowadays many debates around a topic is that Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.Therefore cause it a issue.
One hand ,people is support that experience without learning more important.There is a reason that more works are need a rich experience to suit it.While learning also a key point,but nowadays more and more work enviroment is needs a person with experience,to solve the special problem.And another hand,the opinion turn more care to about the learning,what's more,they think when a person put himself into a learning atomersphere,he will gather more haevest than ever before.A person shuold keep learning forever.
method of solve problems.When you do something with your body not your mind.Just find more difficult than in imagine.Finally,everyonre inisit a thing at last.
I have been a college student for one years.
It's hard to express my feeling about my university life.
As if everything is different from high school.
Especially my study has a huge changes than before.
In high school, teachers will ask you to study harder and harder because you need a good mark to face college entrance examination.
However we going to college, it needs more self-awareness and self-control than high school.
And high school students are expected to focus on what teachers give, whereas college study requires the ability to research and learn by oneself.
And in college, we goals improve skills rather than going to college.
Everything is changed.
When you are going to college, you may not be able to adapt to the change.
So I want to share my experience with you.
During the college, you will have many free time to do as you like.
But I want to tell you, don't forget you are a student.
You should study hard and it can help you look for a job easily.
So I think you should choose your major what you are interested in.
You should focus on your major.
Then you should make a goal and to complish it.
In high school, you can only study all the time.
But it is not a good attitude to a college student.
You should take part in more activities to improve your abilities.
It can let you grow up quickly.
In the end, I wish you a success.
In fact, in the country people have a difficult time, name and if people can walk in front of the person, as much as we can to make some pay does not suffer.
Because if they can pay some more, the nation can alleviate some of the difficulties, in the end, the biggest beneficiaries or celebrities themselves.
Because only people, people have more" play", which is more convenient from social to acquire more wealth, or broken, the people are destitute.
Therefore, people for the community to do more contribution, on their own, do not lose out but can cultivate their financial resources, because of, let a country, nation out of trouble, let more people to survive and live better, ultimately the people can obtain more interests.
Education affects a very important actor in our society.
Accordding to the effects of education, it could be divided into two: family education and school education.
Both kinds make people more and more excellent.
Let's share about them together.
First, every one of us connects closely with our parents---they give us lives, adopt us up, plenty of food for us, enough closes to us and so on.
We like eaglet living under the protection of parents.
So we can say that parents are our first teacher.
And children will be benefited from the good education given by their parents.
On the contrary, one who grew up without love from mother or father is much easier to become a criminal.
So to sum up in conclusion, family education is very good for children, especially the education from parents.
Second, school education is also very important to children.
Children educated from their parents, but they can not accept all things of the world from their parents.
So it is necessary that children educated from several teachers who have professional knowledge.
And school becomes the bes choice for children.
And school is a platform for students to communicate with others and know themselves' merits and shortages.
Moreover, the rules of schools can help students to fully understand the statutes and laws of our country's.
Above the benefits, school education is so important to help children to be full men.
In conclusion, education, not only the family education and school education but also some other kinds of education, is very important to help children become people with ability and knowledge.
In the long history of human education, testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability.
In recent years, a growing number of people have begun to challenge the reliability and feasibility of examinations.
They believe that formal examination is out of date.However,others thought it is a misconception.
Today,some people hold the belief that people should take many different way to test a person,because they think,in 21 century,everyone should learn more knowledge,formal examination is a single way while others argue that thought.They thought formal examination is still a good way.
A growing number of people think formal examination is only a way to test the books of knowledge,it is a cramming method of teaching,it could not show student's real ability.
In my opinion, in the Information Age,we need to remember that the books of knowledge is dead,we should develop our comprehensive abilities,and we could not study for exams.
Reading always influences a person very much.
On the right time, reading a book can broaden our view, long our knowledge, and even makes everything become possible.
However, others believe we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using our senses, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.
I think we need to combine reading and doing together, nothing can stay alone in the modern society.
We learn in school and we practice in the society.
Empty talk can not make any progress, practice is the only way to check the truth.
So, we need to make reading and doing together, that is what is really a critical part of learning and growth.
Peer pressure is pressure from your peers to behave in a manner similar or acceptable to them.
You feel social pressure to conform to the group of peers with whom you socialize.
This peer pressure can influence how you dress, what kind of music you listen to, and what types of behavior you engage in, including risky behaviors such as gambling, cigarettes and alcohol.The intensity of peer pressure differs from the situation to the situation.
As you grow older,you'll be faced with some difficult decisions.Some things don't have a clear right or wrong answer.Making decisions by yourself is hard enough,but when other people get involved and try to pressure you one way or another,it can be even harder,so it's called peer pressure.It's something everyone has to deal with even adults.
In my opinion,when you face peer pressure you should hold on your better judgment and common sense.I know it is tough to be the only one who says "no" to peer pressure,but you can do it.Inner strength and self-confidence can help you stand firm and walk away.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
As students, after-school activities are an important part in our school life.
There are a number of various clubs that we can join.
And we are free to choose the clubs that they are particularly interested in.
Taking part in these after-school activities makes a positive effect on ourselves.
For example, I feel more energetic when I am in school after I joined the school volleyball team.When I feel anxious about something , I will also play volleyball to relax myself.
It becomes a way of mine that helps me to release pressure.
Another activity I fond of is watching English movies, which makes me feel easy and enjoyable to learn English.
As a result, my English does have a improvement.
Besides, I also made a lot of friends by this way.
Many of you find it difficult to choose the one that fit you among so many clubs.
Don't worry, here are some tips for you.
Firstly, find out the one that you really interested in.
Secondly, choose the clubs that can improve you.
For example, think about the literature club if you are not so good at Chinese essay.
Anyway, a suitable club can really make a difference.
So please enjoy yourselves by taking part in after-school activities.
Food Satefy became an important problem.In our daily life,we have bad food and healthy food.On the one hand,bad food is bad for our health.On the other hand,healthy food will make us become stronger and stronger.But bad food will make many problems.First,it is h,armful to our bodies.For example, people eating it,they will get ill.Seriously,it will make people have food poisoning and lead people to die.Second,it will cause people's distrust of the supervision of the state and enterprises.So that people don't buy anything is made in China instead of buying something is made in foreign countries.So it will bring about outflow of capital.Third,it will make enterprisers lose their consciences and it will affect social harmony.We should do something to solve this problem.First,concerning departments should strengthen the quality spervision of food sources strict markert access system.Second,building the quality management system,and insure them effectually operated and maintained.I believe we will solve this problem fast ande we will have a happy life.
When author was a child, a real pretty woman comes into his view, standing at the stove and selling the candy.
To my surprise, the woman is author's mother and she was different.She not only could not the company of children, leaving their alone, but also lacked education when author and his sisters were babies.
They felt so happy to touch mother again instead of hating mother.
The mother told the author that it is as factual if one would say on Friday that "tomorrow is Saturday".
Because of his mother, he thought no matter how money he earns, the important thing is what he did for today.
What's more, I find it is the mother that makes it possible for the author to believe what he really should step up a goal and achieve step by step which will motivate him to move forward even he was in trouble.
I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to make a speech about the subject "The English Novel I like best".
There is no denying that, it is easy to leave a deep impression on others when you speak fluent and idiomatic English.
And the competition aiming at improving spoken-English will realize your dream.
As is known to all, not only will reading English novels contribute to developing a reading habit, but also it will lay a solid foundation for mastering vocabularies.
If you intend to participate in our competition, above all, your time will be limited to 5 minutes.
On condition that make sure the standard pronunciation, fluency in English will give you an advantage over other competitors.
You are supposed to be dedicated to polishing your drafts and persisting in practice.
In the end, cherish this opportunity and live up to expectations.
Different people have different opinions about teachers.
Some persons think teacher is a bad job, so they don't want to be a teacher.
Some persons think teacher is a good job, they want to become a teacher.
Teachers like candles, they light others and sacrifice themselves.
I like teachers.
I also want to become a teacher in the future.
There are three points to support my view.
First, teachers like candles, they light others and sacrifice themselves.
They are the engineers of the humans' soul.
In my opinion, teachers can teach students to learn something, and they can make the students become wiser.
If I were a teacher, I think teaching is a kind of enjoyment.
I will enjoy a feel of teaching students.
When the teachers teach the students they also can learn something from their students.
So I want to become a teacher in the future.
Teachers can get a stable salary and holiday.
Now I envy the teachers' stable salary, summer holidays and winter holidays very much.
If I were a teacher in the future, I can have a rest in the coldest and hottest time every year.
During that time, I can do something that I want, such as traveling, reading.
Third, teachers have a good welfare.
Third, If I were a teacher I can get a sense of achievement, especially when my students get successful in the future.
When I am walking on the street hear students call me, I will be very proud.
This is the important reason that I want to be a teacher in the future.
So I want to become a teacher.
According to above points, I want to be a teacher in the future.
I promise that I will try my best to do in my job.
I must take my job seriously in future.
Today,I will introduce Bill Gates, the CEO the Microsoft.
In 1955, he was born in Washington Seattle.
He is a genius who has talent for computer.
When 18 years old, Bill attended the Harvard University.
Horever he dropped his study in 1977.Then he devoted himself to Microsoft.
 was a big year to Bill because he created the series of windows operating system, which changed the electronic world.
After that, he had taken charge of Microsoft by the year 2008.
In his age of 40, he became the billionaire, who had the most wealth in the world.
Bill is not only a billionaire but also a charity worker.
He set up his foundation to help the people living in poor areas and helped to keep the word peaceful.
He never shows off his wealth and lives a simple life.
Let's good luck to him.
You worked from down to dusk .
You worked hard, yet without complaining.Facts have proved you are an industrious woman.
I'm proud of you.
At the senior middle school, you strictly forbid me to participate in activities even if I completed my homework, such as watch TV, play computer games and so on.
Meanwhile, you also told me how I get along with my studies and encouraged me to study hard.
When I got a low gratis, you always comforted me and told me how to do at following time.
Gradually ,I try my best to do my study.
These years, your face is wrinkled, and your hair turns grey.
Originally,I was a mischievous child.At present, I can assist you to do housework and do part-time job at holiday .Therefore, I can share responsibility for life.Last but not least, these words were hidden in my deep heart for a long time.
I love you sincerely.
One day, I was eating lunch in the canteen.
When I gone, I meet an alien.
He looked very cute.
He had small eyes, small nose and small mouth.
We talked with each other and we were friends.
But when I was talking.
He did not understand what I said.
I felt very embarrassed.
At night, he had dinner in my house and I knew something .
He ate food with tongue.
It made me feet horrible.
Next morning.
When I got up.
I did not see him any more.
It likes nothing had happened to me before.
As society becomes more and more advansed and complicated,we are anticipate that health play a more ande more important role in the life of individuel members of society and in the development of society itself.Nowdays,people in a mounting numbers choosing to adopt a sedentary life style.They spent the whole day sitting or lying when thay are working or studying.This life style cause many health problems,such as obesity and heart disease.
In order to solve the problem of sedentary lifestyle,we must choose a healthy lifestyle.Getting some activity is a very healthy thing to do.We should do more physical activity in our everyday life.In fact, it has been universally acknowledged that physical activity is the most essential qualification that anyone who wants to keep a healthy lifestyle.
Accordingly,it is imperative for us to take some measures to enhance the sense of physical activity.
I'm sorry to hear that you can't sleep well at night because you have been working too long on your study.Let me tell you some advice on how to solve the problem.
First of all,it's very important for you to develop a good learning habit.You should think about how to arrange your certain time.
If you can't have time enough to sleep you won't pay attention on study.
What's more, you spend some time in doing sports when you feel bored on learning.
As a matter of fact, doing some sports not only relax yourself but also keep your health.
No one is able to keep learning all the time so you must fall asleep on time.
From what I have said above I want to show my suggestions that you must be interested in study and have a rest on time in order to learn well.
An angry rebel, John dropped out of school and enlisted in the Army, not knowing what else to do with his life--until he meets the girl of his dreams, Savannah.
Their mutual attraction quickly grows into the kind of love that leaves Savannah waiting for John to finish his tour of duty, and John wanting to settle down with the woman who captured his heart.
But 9/11 changes everything.
John feels it is his duty to re-enlist.
And sadly, the long separation finds Savannah falling in love with someone else.
Dear John, the letter read...and with those two words, a heart was broken and two lives were changed forever.
Returning home, John must come to grips with the fact that Savannah, now married, is still his true love--and face the hardest decision of his life.
Dear John is a three part book that starts out with 23 year-old John Tyree, an army enlistee.
John Tyree watches as he relives every memory, emotion, and touch while falling in love with Savannah Lynn Curtis.
Part I John as a little kid struggled with finding the balance between himself and his father.
While on leave from the Army, he meets Savannah.
She goes to UNC Chapel Hill in North Carolina and is in Wilmington, NC to work for Habitat for Humanity.
They become quick friends after John dives into deep ocean water in order to retrieve her fallen purse.
At a bonfire, with wild college students, John meets Savannah's friend Tim Wheddon.
John quickly learns of how inviting and mature Savannah and Tim really are.
After the initial meet, John and Savannah meet again at the beach where he teaches her to surf.
They then quickly more than just friends.
At the end of John's leave, Savannah meets with him at the pier.
She mentions that she thinks John's distant father has Asperger's.
Asperger's is a developmental disorder which would explain why John's dad is distant, has the same exact schedule and conversation everyday, and is fairly only interested in his gigantic coin collection.
After having this conversation, John quickly gets mad and accidentally hits Tim right in the nose, breaking it himself.
Savannah and Tim forgive John for what he did.
Before he departs, he promises Savannah he'll marry her when he completes his deployment.
Part II, John comes home on leave and him and Savannah spend a very close night together while at one of the empty project houses for Habit for Humanity.
Savannah writes him a letter, beginning with Dear John, that promises her love to him.
John is very excited to come home to Savannah; however, due to 9/11, John feels the duty to reenlist in the Army.
After years away from each other, Savannah writes John another letter.
It starts with Dear John and ends with good-bye.
Part III John's father dies after suffering from several heart attacks.
He sees Savannah one day and finds out that she married Tim and has been living with Tim and his brother Alan, who suffers from Autism.
Tim, while in his death bed, asks John to make Savannah happy and marry her when he passes away.
John, making the decision of his life, sells his father's coin collection in order for Tim to find treatment for his Melanoma.
John decides to do this after realizing that if a man is selfless enough to let the love of his love go to another man, than he is worth living.
Tim was on his death bed but still cared for Savannah's safety and happiness.
The treatment for Tim works and he is released from the hospital.
John does not regret ever loving Savannah.
The Epilogue ends while John is watching Savannah.
He sees her staring at the full moon, proving her unending love for John.
I'll see you soon,then.I like this sentence I was very moved by the love of two people, I wash the cry, she out of pity to marry Tim may be because in him that she can feel is needed, for missing her lover has been extreme pain, and the distance he couldn't live in comfort, this is not the letter can be achieved.
But that, as he continued his enlistment, to give up their own happiness of others.
They are kind of people, this is why attract each other.
Books are the ladder of human progress, it can lead us to strive to advance further.
Read books, make us from the vulgar, from ignorance, there seemed to have a kind of went to the book belong to the fragrance with us, scholarly diffuse.
Educated people end rhyme, it will give a fresh feeling, a noble temperament.
Books, it taught us to stand on solid ground, with a clear conscience success.
Read a classic novel, a combination of artistic and ideological scene thrown in mind vitality: Luo Guanzhong's "Romance of Three Kingdoms" is a description of the East Khan Dynasty and Three Kingdoms period of complicated political and military struggle; Shinai "Water Margin" praised peasants fighting spirit; Wu cheng en of "Journey to the West," a tribute to the people of contempt of feudal rule, the courage to resist the spirit; Cao Xueqin's "Dream of Red Mansions" reveals the historical trend of the inevitable collapse of feudal society, it is interesting.
Reading a sense, longer books, to deepen our understanding, let the soul feel the conflict.
Everyone has a different definition.
As far as I'm concerned, success doesn't have to involve a large amount of money or great power, but it's a kind of lifestyle, in which one can do what he or she really enjoys while contributing to society.
For instance, Steve Jobs, who changed the concept of mobile phones, by which, of course he became way too rich.
However, what satisfied him most wasn't money but his creativity that hugely contributes to this world.
Another example, Vincent Van Gogh, a poor genius.
His life seems to be a tragedy, but his wonderful works endow the world with colors and imagination.
Nobody regards him as a loser.
First of all, in my opinion, it's to pursue what we like without hesitation.
Only when we are going for our interests can we make the best endeavors and exploit our potentialities.
Bill Gates wouldn't success if he hadn't dropped out of Harvard.
He knew exactly that his passion was computer.
Besides, perseverance counts a lot.
In the way to success, we are faced with many difficulties.
Those without perseverance are unlikely to go far.
Follow the heart with perseverance, and the success is probably just around the corner.
As is recognized to us, today's young students have a new attitude to mobile devices.
They suppose they can become special in terms of them.I do not agree with their attitude though they think they are special.
Different people hold different opinions.
For most person, mobile devices are tools to convey with others.It is convenient for us to use them.
If you have an emergency, mobile devices must be the useful tools.
No matter what situation you are in, you can reach other people immediately.
Nevertheless some students do not intend to let other people reach them.
Maybe they have other things to do, maybe they just intend to be more special among their peer group.
Maybe they do not like other people disturbing them.
Nevertheless they ignore the people that intend to convey with them.
Maybe they have extremely essential thing to tell them.
In a conclusion, mobile devices are extremely useful tools for us.
It can make us pass on easily.
We should not regard them as a tool to be a special guy.
We should make full use of them and it can bring convenience to our diurnal life.
Last week my friend and I went to the Mount Yunmen.
The day it is sunny.
The Mount Yunmen is located in Qingzhou of shandong province.
The Mount Yunmen 421 meters high.
The most famous "Shou"word.
"Shou"word is 7.5 meters high,3.7 meters wide.
I can see fresh air, many kinds of trees and lost of birds.
In Mount Yunmen I have a picnic in the Mount Yunmen.
I took many, photos here, because here the natural scenery is very beautiful.
I felt the natural wonders very beautiful.
First,I will introduce our latest situation.The population rises rapidly and bring the enormous pressure to the earth.So people excessing reclamation,cutting down more trees for needs.Besides,we have a lack of the water resources and the air is polluted seriously.Because of this,we should try every means to protect the environment.
Now I will tell you my advice about this.I think it's a good idea to find alternative energy to reduce the pollution.And we had better control the quantity of the population.Everyone of us should care about the environment and make contributions for protecting the environment.
If everyone try their best to protect the environment,we will have a better earth.
As a proverb goes, "A sense of humour, God's greatest gift to mankind".
Chaplin is One of the world's best humorist.
When he was young, his father died.
and his brother.
His childhood was not good.
performance.
He lived between two world wars, so people lived in fear at that time.
laugh, bringing his happiness to people.
People could feel satisfied.
So they could be more confidece with their future lives.
Without him, the world can't be happy at the time.
As time went by, he became more and more famous, but he was older and older.
Later, he died in Switzerland.
He made many famous films in his life.
He is a very great actor.
Because of his outstanding contribution, he was awarded the Oscar award.
Mr.smith is our English teacher.He comes from Canada.
He were glasses and is of medium height.
He is very humorous and outgoing.
When have problem in speaking he always help us.
lesson because he has many knowledge and his classes interesting.
He is strict in our studies but he is easy to get along with.
I belive make reat progess in speaking.
We all like him very much.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming popular among young people.There are many reasons that can contribute to this.Firstly,with the development of the digital industry,people have more access to the Internet.They can work at home instead of going to company.Secondly,people can enjoy the freedom and convenience while working at home .They may feel relaxed and less stress to release themselves.This is beneficial for people to make full use of their talents.In addition,SOHO lifestyle is becoming popular may attribute to that young people can have a balance between work and family,they can finish the job as well as have more time with the family.
Some people said the government shouldn't put money on building theaters and sports stadiums; they should spend more money on medical care and education.
Nowadays, the gap between the city and the countryside becomes more and more overt, which arouses colossal concerns.
To understand the solution, let's take a closer look at the causes of the gap at first.
The main reason of the gap is the unequal investment between city and rural area.
China is a typical example.
The low education level partly sharps the gap.
There is no doubt that the prime force of productivity is education.
However, because of poverty, thousands of people go to work without graduating from primary school.
The poorer, the few children go to school.
This bad cycle finally leads to the dream of rich becoming a dream that is hard to realize.
Moreover, the rural area is short of people with high quality.
