And yet we had got through the tough life.Word has it that 'If you wish to be the best man,you must be prepared to suffer the bitterest of the bitter'.All right,all we had done in High School is for our bright future.Now we are in college.What we have at present conclude abundant time,splendid life,and colorful activities.That means we won't have too many classes any more.Instead,we have a lot of time of our own.Therefore,we should make the best use of our spare time.
'Take time before time takes you'.This is said by a famous author which I saw from a piece of literature.In other words,If you do the thing that you wouldn't like to do first then you can reach your goal sooner or later.Besides,we can earn plenty of experiences from practising.
Learn to be,learn to learn and learn to live.Those are the three important things that we should keep in mind every moment and take actions to them in college.In a word,in spite of the contrasts of college and High School,we must realize one thing they have in common.That is study.
'One is never too old to learn'.No matter where we are or what situation we have to face,we need study from the books or experience.Only in this way can we gain a lot and have a brilliant life.
Nowadays,more and more people receive education.Would you want to know most of the countries the world value education.Because education is the basic of a country.
Nobody can deny the education,a person who has been educations,know much knowledge than others.If every civilian in a country can be educated,the country would be very rich and civilised and the civilian of the country must be very happy,because they not only have money they also have knowledge.
,but also can know many friends,en change your circle of friends.The most important thing is nowadays when development needs to have good education foundation.The average person all know,with the development of the society if you have no knowledge that is likely to be the society give out.So we should value our education.
I don't agree with this opinion, learn all we need on the Internet.
Because it is difficult and unusefulness It's bad for our eyes to watch computer long time.
I think It's very important to have teachers.
The teacher has much experience and they are knowledge.
We can learn much from the teachers.
If we have questions with study, but the teacher isn't.
We can ask the classmates and talk with them.
So, it's important to learn with the classmates as well.
As far I can see, school study is much better than learning on the Internet.
It is always about group learning by the two view.
Some people think that group learning is beneficial to us, they think, group learning is loose, the formation of democratic atmosphere.at the same time in order to achieve team goals to win.
each member will begin to move the brain, to actively participate in the discussion, as the team managed to make efforts, at the same time, the teacher and students in distance will be increasingly close, the teacher can understand to the students real idea, make the class become more enjoyable.
But there are different views, they think the team learning can lead to some people not to participate in the class to answer questions, and at the same time, the group have different opinions can not be unified will cause an argument, some students are lazy not to think about the problem, but by a group other people to help, it will make the students don't like learning more.
I still love because of group learning, active classroom atmosphere, can think more opportunities, so I think the research group of good, so that makes me more interested in learning english.
When you feeling tired in some day,because you work day and night, you should relaxing now.
Traveling is the best choice to relaxing.
And you can go dancing at a nightclub in Paris,France.
There are not restraint and not pressure to you.
You doesn't thinking about your work, just dancing and have some drak.
And you can wear clothing that you don't dare it in the stress.
there are many people dress wild and formal clothing from anywhere, they want to have a relax like you.
When you dance whit them and listen to light music, you will calm down and relax.
Packing for the traveling.
Hoping you have a good time.
With the high-speed of our life,competition has become a common phenomenon in our social life.People tend to perform better than others in jobs,study,wealth and so on.Even when we play games,we usually have a desire to be the winner.A sense of competition acts as a motivation when we want to achieve our goals.
Nonetheless at the most of the time,people always emphasize competition rather than cooperation.In fact,we frequently find competition and cooperation at the same time.For example,in a basketball game,while competition can help the players defeat their counterparts,their cooperation will be the only way to lead to success.
So,while advocating competition,we mustn't forget cooperation.Cooperation can build trust between each other and help to bring a long-term relationship; on the other hand, cooperation can turn a minor and weak business into a major and strong one.Believe that competition is the secret of success in sports and activities on today's world,then cooperation can be described as another essential of success.Only when we keep a balance between competition and cooperation,can we perform strong enough to achieve what we intend.
Reading is often of a person's learning and growth has an important impact, at the right time, reading a good book can ignite the ideal spark.
Books are the ladders of human progress.
We should be how to read, this is a problem.
The development of today's society, E-book has become a trend, the comparison of face paperly books and electronic books, some argue that the ebook store in electronic devices, easy to carry.
Of course, there are also people who believe that paper books more lasting appeal, let a person aftertaste endless.
First, I think we should have selective reading, can choose the interested and suitable for their own books to read.
Second, can choose related to their professional books to read, of course, can also choose other extracurricular reading.
As a student present task is to learn, of course, also include the theoretical study and practice of learning.
Use scientific knowledge to arm themselves, and actively into practice, in this way can the combination of theory and practice of the effect of learning.
Reading is a matter of mood letting a person relaxing, histories make men wise, poetry reading makes a man wise, mathematics subtle, natural philosophy deep, moral grave, logic and rhetoric able to contend.
"Anyhow, knowledge can shape a person's character.
Let's learn to read, learn to read good books.
During the Spring Festival of 2015,I came back my hometown--Chengde.We leave Tianjin at 7:30 in th e evening on 18th Feb.Unfotunetely,we lost on the way at once,so we waste lots of time on the way.As a result,we arrived here at midnight.My grandfather and grandmother were still awake at that time.Though the time was very late.We still had a delicious meals then.
My grandfather had borken his right leg bone for twice last year.So his is not able to walk without hlep.So we had to take care of him for all day.
At the New Year's Eve,the members of our big family got together and had a big meal.It lasted for two or more hours.We all enjoyed ourselves.At the midnight of New Year's Eve,the hole family ate dumplings together.
On the first day of the new year, we went to others' home and we said "happy new year"to everybody,wish everybody a good year.
After that,the Spring Festival was end.
And after several days,people will get back into busy works.
With the needs of the development of society, every university to encouraging students to participate in different kinds of social practice in holiday.
College students to participate in social practice have the following three ways of bandyman, volunteer and internship work.
The benefits of the college students to participate in social practice have the following points.
First, it can promote their understanding of society, improve their understanding of the present situation of economic and social development.
Second, it can achieve a better combination of book knowledge and practical knowledge, help students establish correct the world outlook, outlook on life, values.
In the end, it can increase their social experience, accumulate work experience.
There are many benefits to participate in social practice, but I think we should pay attention to keeping the balance in the study and practice activities.
As the same time, also pay attention to safety problems.
Coming is the summer holiday.
I am happy that I could forget school life at least for a while.So I want to make a plan for my summer holiday.
As a second-year senior student I had to study by myself.First I persuaded my father to have a trip to America to improve my study.It will be helpful for my english.I plan to stay there for half a month so that I can know some of the knowledge about the United States of America.
And then I will celebrate my birthday after coming back from America as part of my plan.So there will be held a party for my birthday in Auguest.I invited my old friends who are my classmate in middle school.I prepared some programs.It will be a successful homecoming in my birthday party.
Finally,in the rest of time,I will read some books to prepare for the study in grade three.
Although there is college entrance examination after one year,I believe that I can find a balance between studying and playing.
Good luck for myself in summer holiday.
A cigarette seems to like a drug addicted to your mind, body,even your life.When you bring out a cigarette and light it and inhale and then let the smoke out of your nose and mouth,you feel like living a virtual world---- to the heavy smoker.I think that is ironic.
However,it indeed exists in China everywhere.
Afraid is a more accurate description for this phenomenon I appreciate clearly.
Therefore, smoking should be banned in China.
Our excitement and passion for our life rather than the smoking makes our emotion full of color and beauty.
As for me,I have enjoyed exceptionally good health for 19 years without smoking or cigarette and that felt vigorous and spirited.
I know my father a lot, and it's impossible for him to give up smoking.When smoking,someone must throw light on themselves is that what they doing are, you should care for your family as much as possible.
But the critical point is that, on the other hand, our government plays an essential role in this system.
Not only does Chinese government conduct an unreasonable management to balance between the cigarette company and market's operation of relationship, but also the one does not let average people know how to steer clear of smoking.
My name is L,was born in ShangLuo province in S.My major is business Administration and get information about English proficiency,will graduate at SUST this year.
I want to look for a job related to management or finance in your company.First of all,your company is the King in the area of finance and is well-known for its development of finance.It would be a great opportunity for me to start my career in the company.
When I was still a freshman,I obtained tow certificates for management which was outstanding in my class.Besides,I had once worked part-timely in a company on holiday and I gained the extensive management experience on this holiday.
If you feel that I am suited for the job that you have in mind please inform me of the free time for an interview,I hope to hear from you in the near future.
Telephone:123456789.
I often imagine what my life with be like in the future.After ten year,at first,I will work about my favourite things instead of others,I work because Ican enjoy life.The following,I can do something which I like when I was a child with my friends,I will play League of Legends with them.What is more, I have a whole family ,I live with my parents,my brother,my wife and so on.We are happy and harmonious.
Anywany,I will be able to get happy in the future,and I wish all the people around me to be happy.
In today's society,dogs and cats are the two main sorts of animals that commonly kept by human .Though both of them have brought many entertainments and other benefits to the human being,in my opinion,dogs are superior to cats .
My reasons are as follows:first of all,dogs are human's most loyal friends.They've served human for thousands of years.They were regarded as skillful hunting partners in the old days .Besides,they are a good door keeper of their masters as well.What's more,it's said dogs can understand their masters in some degree,It means that human can even communicate with their dogs if the dogs are well-trained.
But cats are far different from dogs.According to their nature,cats usually start their life of the day in the night,which is totally contradict from human.Cats' independence make them be not fond of getting close to their masters.If your pet always trying to get way from you,what fun do you have to keep it?
Based on the reasons I've mentioned,if you aspire for having a pet,do choose a dog.
Specialists are concerned about donation of human tissues as improper disposal may cause dangerous and bring critical infections.
Unlike whole organs, tissues can be collected from many channels and consequently, increasing for-profit companies sell donor tissues in unregulated.
Though there is no record of people receive tissue, it does saves many lives and causes few serious complications.
However, specialists still worried about the lack of oversight in tissue bank even tissue banks set up rules for monitoring the process of tissues treatment.
Sell body parts is illegal but get a reasonable fees from collecting, shipping, processing, marketing and implanting them is legal.
As human body is valuable the number of tissue donors rise rapidly.
The biomedical innovation makes tissue from one donor used by many people.
Companies have patented techniques that can make tissue into useful products and this lead a strong competition among these manufacturers to have trade relation with hospital purchasing agents.
I am Z, the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.
I'm writing to invite you to give a lecture in our school about how to improve our writing in English.
We students always feel headache about writing English composition.
More than that, a few students are writing down uncorrect words.
It doesn't make any sense.
In addition, because of limited vocabulary, we sometimes can't express what we really want to.
The lecture will be held in the lecture hall at 9:00am on next Wednesday, June 17, 2015.
It would be our great honor if you could come.
I have a neighbor who like listening musie very much.
He was always listening musie and the music was noisy and loudy.
I was very angry.
It was very bad to my life and my study.
So I was very angry.
at last,I told my neighbor to turn down the music voice.He received my advise and do so.He promise to try his best to turn down the music and said sorry to me.
Along with the advance of the society more and more problems are brought to our attention,one of which is air pollution and smog.
The reasons are as follows.For one thing,there are so many cars come to our life,and lead to air pollution.What's more ,many people didn't realised the serous of air pollution.The most important reason is that many factories blow off harmful gas,so lead to severe haze.
As far as I'm concerned,It isimportant to appeal to the people to protect our home,and the government must do something to stop the pollution.
Although nowadays many people talk about the ideal friend.
In my opinion,the ideal friend understand me.
sometimes my friend and i will have some contradictions,We may have quarrel,But i believe the true friendship is firm.My ideal friend can make me cry,make me smile,make me feel the friendship is true.In myself life,i have a lots of friends,but only have a little part of my friend are closed friends.
They accompany me had a long time, so i am luck have them.
My ideal friends,he or her does not have intelligent and humorous.
In fact, we have to admit the fact that the true friends is as important as life itself.
As the saying goes:The friendship between gentleman appears indifferent but is pure like water.
Nowadays,more and more college students take part-time jobs in their spare time .
The effect is evident.
It is a path for you to enter the society by doing part-time jobs.
You can gather more experience of communicating with others.
And then the immediate result it produces is that it would help you to develop your responsibilities.
And then you can take in lots of knowledge which you can never get from the school.
In fact ,a lot of freshmen choose to do concurrent post to make more money to support their lives .
They would become more independent in this way .
There are plenty of advantages of doing sidelines.
The most good thing is that we can realize our self-value.
It was a sunny day.There was a pretty woman ,who had long beautiful hair and wore fashion clothes ,preparing to take her dog to go for a walk.When I was jogging in the park,the pretty woman suddenly stopped near the light on the path.Her face turned down and unhapply because her dog shitby the light.She felt very embarrased so she wanted to go away immediately.I was really shocked when I saw it.She didn't want to clean it up just because she thought it embarrased to do it.I walked to her quickly and pointed the sign "Clean up after your dog"to her.People around us also blamed her at wrong behavior.She apologized and clean it up fast.It is very important that it's everyone's responsibility to keep our environment clean.
With the rapid development of the society, the competition of talents forces a variety of people to perfect themselves.
The proverb saying the early bird catches the worm, meaning if a person intends to reach the highest point of his live, he has to spare no efforts to work harder than others.
Stupid as Einstein used to be thought, he worked three times as hard as others did to catch up them.
After making more efforts, he eventually cultivated the flower of success of his own.
The chemist who was famous all over the world said:"Genius only means hard-working all one's life .
"More pay, more gain.
If you become an early bird, there will be no doubt that you'll have the worms to eat.
On the contrary, a man who is unwilling to devote has a pipe dream that one day will be triumphant , you know, it will always be a dream.
From my point of view, a person striving for himself will be supposed to be outstanding in the future.
For the music fan, there is one thing they have to prepare, that is a good earphone.
There are so many famous brands of earphone in the market, but as I know so many youngs choose Beats earphone.
And When I buy an earphone for me, I choose Beats too.
I know there are so many outstanding brand earphones than Beats, but I still bought Beats the same with other music fan's choose.
Because I think Beats has its own superiority than other brands.
I think there are three points that makes Beats so welcome.
First is the shape.
Beats have a shape revolution in earphone area.
We used to think earphone has two types, one is small wire-earphone and the other is big headset.
But Beats provides a new wire-earphone is look like noodles, but the quality is better than others.
And the headset has a new shape, won't give people a feeling that it is too heavy.
The second is its color.
Each type not only has its unique color, but also has more than 7color that you can choose.
I believe this is the most important part that can catch young people's eyes.
Because young people always like bright-colored such as green, yellow and red so on.
The third reason is the most important in my opinion, it's price.
Like the best sound quality earphone is the BOSS, but it is too expensive to buy one for young people.
And maybe some high price earphone is too professional for us.
But Beats earphone's sound quality is pretty good, higher than the same price brand, and lower price than the professional earphone.
So it is reasonable why young people choose Beats.
For me, I like Beats earphone very much, because it fit young people's need, and better than other earphone brand.
That's why Beats is so popular among the young people.
Nowday low-carbon lifestyle is gaining popularity with more and people,including .students,housewives.
It means that we reduce the emission of carbon in our daily life.there are many things about low-carbon lifestyle .For example,when we shopping ,we use cloth bags instead of using plastic bags,whichwill surely benifits to our enuironment.besides we ride bicycles whenever possible .Also,we should turn off ligths when we are not using them.All of this above is low-carbon lifestyle,whichmake a diffience in protecting our plante.
As colleges students, it is our responsibility to live in low-carbon lifestyle.Frist,it is necessary for usto use both sides of the paper in our notebooks.second,calling formore attention to low-carbon lifestyle is also useful.
On the whole we only have one plante ,we should try our best to protect it by living low-carbon lifestyle.
It reminds me the phenomenon that more and more aged people live lonely by themselves.
Nowadays, with the development of the society, more and more young people want to work in the big cities, for they hope that they can find a good job in the big cities to earn their living.
As a result, their parents, more and more aged people , are remained their hometowns to live lonely by themselves.
As a teenager from countryside, I have witnessed this common phenomenon.
Although the young people want to work in the big cities to earn more money to support their family, including their parents, they ignore the lonely life of their parents.
Actually, what their parents really need is their children's love and caring.
Personally speaking, money doesn't mean everything, especially the happiness.
So,as a young people,we should spend more our spare time to stay with parents, rather than only want to earn more money for your parents .
As an old saying goes that strike the iron while it is hot, with a growing number of Chinese graduates pursuing the master's degree, heat wave of postgraduate studying rapidly spreads across our nation.
It is from authority that there were 12.6 million candidates last year.
Therefore, I, a junior, decide to join the army of those candidates.
As far as I'm concerned, the wise would widen their way with master to master.
To begin with, master's degree sets us a new start.
Or rather, it gives a chance to reborn, because we have a chance to specialize in a new major.
Looking around , a large proportion of college students who are not interested in the major they study now, and whose majors are not promising.
However, owing to various restrictions of transforming major in college, they have to pass 4 years in college like square pegs in round hole.
In this case, grey studying might not lead to golden jobs for them after college graduation, which is absolutely disastrous for their whole life.
That's why some of those students long to jump out of swamp and embark on the new journey of master's degree.
Secondly, master's degree is an effective way to alleviate the fierce competition in job-hunting.
As further education contributes to the solidity of one's ability; since we study more, not only dose it improve our personal qualification, but also it meets the imperative needs of elites and intellectuals that employers require.
Thus, higher education increases the chance of turning green light in interview.
Obviously people who receive much more knowledge tend to be more capable, professional and beneficial, employers believe they tend to bring about more profits.
The last but not the least, we are located in a open circumstance created by age and policy.
With elites and intellectuals attached to more and more importance in a worldwide range, government continuously enhances its efforts in encouraging higher education, which has become a tendency.
Figures show that the enrollment rate of the master's degree climbs up high to 32.6 percent, it means one out of three candidates would be admitted.
And according to experts , in order to cover all test areas, degree of difficulty has shrunk to a general level.
In conclusion, it is sensible to pursue the master's degree if we want to master our lives.
It plays a crucial role in altering the life course and looking for a good job.
Today,we are take part in the activity of low carbon life.It is our activity.
In the morning,we can go to school to use the bus not use the car.And in the atfernoon , we can ues the chopsticks for lunch without using disposable chopsticks,and go shopping ,we shoule use cloth bags instead of plastic bags.
At night, when we do homework ,we can not use air conditioner .There are all we can do .
Low carbon life is conductive to the protection of our environment.This is conducive to slow down the greenhouse effect .
And make us have a better living environment.At middle school sturents we should develop this good habits.
Three weeks ago is the first day I came here In my eyes every thing was so exciting and new.
There are many new teachers and new classmates The techers are very enthusiastic and some of them are very interesting even a little funny.
Every student here and I am full of hope for the future Not just because the teacher, but also because of the classroom.
The classroom is very clean and clear,there also a computer with a new big screen as most the cinema screen.
One day,I received a mission.As usual, every Saturday night, I went to the church to join the gathering.As I was eating dinner, the leader of Christian association walked to me and sat beside me, saying that he wanted to discuss something important.It was impossible that he intended to let me hold Christmas evening party this year.
I confused why he had this ideal which he had proposed in the meeting of the church.
It meant that if I accepted, I would be a convener at once.
Althought I agreed hesitatingly, however, I would do my best.
During process of making preparations, I was faced with many challenge which I did not meet before.
However, everyone helped me a lot, gave me many courage, teaching me how to do would be better.
Finally, I accomplish this assignment successfully.
Some people hold the view that the classics are classics because they have stood the test of time.
Therefore, they are to be treasured by people of all generations, ours being no exception.
Others believe that the classics represent the wisdom of the past.
As we are advancing towards the future, it is our responsibility to venture into the unknown and generate new understanding of man and nature.
In my opinion,classic has stood the test of time,so we should learn it.On the other hand,for the exploration of knowledge,we can't stop.I hold this view for several reasons.
First,Some of the classic literature knowledge is not good,and this classic literature knowledge does not apply to contemporary society,so we are going to acquire the useful knowledge to us,those who are useless to us,we don't have to learn.
Second,to explore the unknown world and generate new understanding of man and nature is our responsibility.So we have to keep to acquire new knowledge.At the same time,we also want to learn classic words,because these knowledge of classic works is helpful for us to acquire new knowledge.
Third,learning literacy of classic can let us become elegant.We also learn a lot of form classic to be the truth of human.And for future exploration of knowledge,it can make us more understanding about the word.In addition,we can learn a lot about the knowledge we learn in books.
In a nutshell,we should learn a lot of knowledge form those classic work,because acquire this knowledge is useful to us.At the same time,we are trying to explore the unknown world.
We drink water every day and we can't leave water to life.
Under the atmospheric pressure is colorless transparent liquid, known as the source of human life.
It is a kind of special non-renewable, generalized renewable resources.
Our daily drinking water of river water, lake water, river water and groundwater.
The water in the daily life can be divided into soft water and hard water, dissolve more soluble calcium, magnesium and iron salt water is called hard water.
Hard water can produce some harm to daily life.
China is a water shortage, water disaster frequent countries, the sixth highest total water resources in the world, per capita is only 2500 cubic meters, about a quarter of the world's average per capita water, ranked 110th in the world, has been listed as one of the 13 water-deficient countries of the United Nations.
Water pollution is mainly caused by pollutants produced by human activity, which includes industrial pollution, agricultural pollution source and pollution three most of life.
The source of water is the source of life, protect the source of water is to protect the home of human beings.
Strengthen the protection of drinking water intake; intensify the management of urban sewage and industrial wastewater.
To strengthen citizen's environmental protection consciousness; strengthen the awareness of teenagers protection of water resources.
All our people well konw the book around us very day, every day we have access to books.
us learn more indept knowledge and will not feel boring.But some people think reading should be well-read, not interested in read-only read-only well read can impove us knowledge,.
I think reading should be well read , this not only broaden their horizons but also is talking with people I have to say.
It is universally acknowledged that,with a population of the Internet,more and more people shop online,which sparks a hot debate among people.
Some people think that shopping online is good for us.
However, others argue that shopping online does bad on us.
In my opinion,shopping online has both advantages and disadvantages.
Shopping online has many advantages.
First of all,it is convenient to us.
For example,if we shop online,what we need is just a keyboard and mouse.
But if we shop in the downtown,what we need is not only including taking bus or taxi but also going into every shop.
It is very tiring and waste time.
Secondly,it is cheaper than shopping in the downtown.
Because shopkeepers need to pay their rent,electric fee and so on, their goods are more expensive than goods online.
Thirdly,there are all kinds of goods online.
If we shopping online,we can choose the goods we liked in other provinces and other countries.
Therefore,we have better chooses than other kinds of shopping.
However,shopping online has some disadvantages that make people worry about it.
Shopping online would contribute to wasting time and money.
Because it is convenient,people can shop at anytime in anywhere.
We may buy something unnecessary and spend a lot of time on Taobao(a shopping web)After that,some would regret this impulse shopping and want to chop their hands.
What's more,shopping online takes higher risks.Because we can not touch or try the goods we liked,which would result in disputes.
When we shop online,we only can buy goods according to shopkeepers' description.
Finally our private information is known by shopkeepers,which might get us in trouble.
We have heard many reports about that.
For example,a buyer gave a negative common on a shop so the shopkeeper online puts her private information on a marriage-seeking web and threatens the girl to cancel the common every day.
Just as the old saying goes"every coin has two sides",so we should make full use of its advantages and don't ignore its disadvantages.
Our parents accompany us from when we are kids to now.
They have done many things for us, but a few people are used to say"thank you"to them.
Maybe most of us think that is unnecessary because we are family.
In my mind the answer is"no".
For one thing, our parents have paid at least 20 years, a great deal of money and a lot of feelings for us, which are all of us can't repay in our whole life.
Thus we should often say"thank you"to express our gratitude to our parents.
For another, just thinking about your feeling when you heard a"thank you"from others, you may understand what's your parents mood when they hear you say:"thanks".
I know that our parents love us deeply and so do us.
Nonetheless we fail to express our love to them.
From now on, we should often say"thank you"to our parents to let them know that we are aware their love and we appreciate it.
Some warm-hearted volunteers organized the Dream House which is becoming more and more popular in our community.
Because the parents are busy with their work and spend the little time taking care of their children, a lot of primary students don't have a good care.
The Dream House can offer the delicious food on time with these children.
Besides, the Dream House can organizes the meaningful activities and the children can join in.
It is important for the children to study, if they have some difficult homework and they can get help, the volunteers will help them work out the problems.
Nowadays,growing individuals come to do shopping online.In general speaking,it's a symbol of society's progress.To customers,the prices of products online are relatively cheaper than those sold in stores.What's more,it's absolutely convenient to buy things just at home.
However, everything has two sides.To spend less money,we may easily get products with quality which is lower than expected.What's worse,we may spend money for nothing.
In my opinion,with the development of the Internet,this kind of shopping will be more and more popular in future.We should have a reasonable attitude and be more careful.We had better buy things on some big online stores.
If everyone can take good advantage of this kind of high-tech invention,our life will be more comfortable and beautiful.
It has been estimated that smoker have made up half of the population in China,And the younger,even including some college students.
Nowdays more and more college students have realized smoking can do harm to him health,However so many people still enjoy smoking.Why?Because some of them think it is a kind of fashion,some think it is of great fun and others think that smoking can refresh themselves.
In fact,smoking is a bad habit,It can cause a lot of diseases,Meanwhile smoking is a waste of money.Besides,careless smokers may cause dangerous fires.
Smoking is harmful and it is not only bad for smokers themselves,but also bad for non-smokers.
Therefore,I hope all the college students can give up smoking for themselves and also for the people around them.
During my summer holiday, I went to seaside with my family.
It was a beautiful place that attracted me deeply.
I still remembered a night when I walked by the sea and stopped to appreciate the moonlight now and then.
Unconsciously, I stood in front of the darken old house.
It was my first sense that the house was deserted.
I took courage and then I opened the door.
I was scared by a chilling scream when I walked into the house.
I looked around the house in search of what making the chilling.
I found no one was in this house except me.
To my surprise , there was a small cat under the wood table.
I smiled.
Maybe my arrival was scared the little cat.
Or maybe it was so hungry and hoped that I could help him.
Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.However,others believe we learn by doing and learn best for concern experience.
..In my opinion,I think reading is the best way to learn.Reading a lot of books can open our eyes and help us understand the world more.What is more,reading is a way of increasing our vocabulary.The most important of all,everything becomes possible through reading.
..But in the other way,learning by doing is also a good way to explore our environment of people,things,places and events.However,compared with reading,it takes more time and have more bad efforts than reading.So why not spend some of your spare time reading books.You will find yourself different by reading.
It's said that China's GDp has become the number one in the world.
As a Chinese,I'm proud of that our motherland has taken such great changes in the past few years.
As China developed day by day,there are also some problems to be solved.
Today,we will make a decision about the governments should spend more money in building roads and highways or spend more money in improving public transportation.
In my opinion,I think the two ways have its own advantages and disadvantages.
Building roads and highways may contribute to the communication among the cities.
It's more helpful to the development of economic in some ways.
However,If we pay more attention to improving public transportation,which is beneficial to traffic more.
Because in now busy life,people worked in the city prefer to drive their car to company rather than by bus or by subways.
And the public transportation is so crowded that you can't even move freely.What's more,if the public transportation is perfect and convenient,and the government could encourage people to choose it.
As we all know,public transportation is particularly environmental.I believe people care about the environment more.So that couldn't be a better choice.
Last but not least,When China has become stronger,it's high time improving peoples' life.What do you think?
As the National Day is coming soon, wo can see more and more students leaving colleges,going back to home.
As is known to all, law provides us seven days to relax ourselves.So the opportunity couldn't be better to us.
wo cannot meet our parents usually.Besides, a great number of people prefer to staying in NANJING to going home,they see the opportunity a chance to enrich themselves so that the can learn how to live in a unknown city,which is also a good choose.
In my plan,wo will spend about five days to going on a English class.Everyone knows that our world is becoming more and more integrative.In Europe,almost everyone speak English .No matter if we go abroad or not ,English is extremely important to us.The following two days ,I will stay with my family,visiting some relatives and so on.This is all i have planned.
It has been weeks since I wrote this story related to my father.
I pondered over whether to submit it, and finally determined to preserve it to myself.
After all, it is what I reflect on to be extremely intimate about someone with whom I was intensely close.
So I expressed my feelings, recording the event as best as memory permitted, and then stashing it away.
One day, when I finished my essay and closed my notebook, one of my best friends took it out and read it.
Her response was the reason why this story related to my father appears here today.
So, thanks again to my best friend, a previous decision has been overturned.
We never, ever forget, also the memories remained propping up us to forge ahead, and the joyous moments we shared together could recur endlessly.
They did with me, and they put a smile on my face each time I called up some of the incredibly happy times which I shared with my dad.
Although he didn't realize it, my father was a great man.
After my mom passed away, he brought up the whole family.
There has been no hesitation for him to work hard and to make progress on his work steadily.
At that time, the comfortable life had taken away the vigorous will and perseverance from me.
I began to fall into deep despair on my school life.
I hadn't any passion to do anything on my study, every day, every moment; I lost my energy and just acted as a soon-to-be dead people.
I intended to drop out of school.
Nevertheless, I didn't intend to let my mom and dad be disappointed with me.
I recognized I'm the only sunshine to raise my family up in the future.
Although my mom left away, dad still there alone, and trying his best to work hard and caring for us.
Twenty years, he surrendered so much for us and has been making the most of his time.
I have grown up, and it's the turn for me to take care of you, dad.
Every time, when I went home, he always told me how to behave and how to solve the problems I would meet in my school life.
That is, I would master some knowledge occasionally.
He hoped that I could lead a better life.
He taught me to be strong and live for my dreams.
With his voracious hunger for knowledge he taught me to love ingesting, and always told me that knowledge is a constant thing.
He was so strong, so wise and his presence was always a comfort for me, I always loved being by his side.
He always gave me a hug when I felt down-love counts here.
He never said much, but I always recognized that every time we saw each other, he was glad to see me.
As I am always glad to see him.
I remember him with a teary face and a wistful smile-Dad, miss you so much.
I still remember: In terms of the toughest of times, he showed me the importance of laughter.
Dad-thanks and I love you.
In our daily lives, cellphones now not only the tools we use to connect with others, but also something that we can get masses of pleasures from.
With the increasing popularity of using cellphones, here comes a question that whether students should be allowed to use cellphones at school or not.
Using cellphones at school does have some advantages.
You can get the newest information by using it so that you won't be out.
It also provides as much enjoyment as possible for you when you are alone.
Besides, using a cellphone at school can help you work out a problem more easily.
But it also has great disadvantages.
You won't pay attention to your study if you use the phones more often, which does have some bad effects on your grade.
In addition, you may devote yourself to playing the game the phone offers.
In a word, I think that it's very useful to use cellphones at school because we can get knowledge through them.
But we should also concentrate on our classes and we should study in earnest.
As is known to all that water shortage is one of the most urgent problems in our world.And there are so many people are suffering from water shortage and all of us can image how people live without water.
There are several factors accounting for the problem.To begin with,it is the decrease of the number of trees that contributes to desertification in many parts of land.At the same time,it has led to land degradation, destruction of soil structure, soil nutrient loss.On top of this,most people are not aware of saving water,to the contrary, the behavior of wasting and polluting water is so normal in our daily life.What worse,many farmers are reclaiming farmland from lakes which is so harmful to the environment.
So it is high time that relevant measures had been made.Not only each person must improve awareness of water conservation,but also government have to pass laws to ban the behavior which is unfriendly to environment.Only when all of us do mentioned above,can we solve the emergency problem of water shortage together!
We are gald to inform you that your order under the Sales Confirmation No.J-29 have been shipped by S.S."Pearl", In order for the goods reach the destination ASAP,we will transhipp the order by S.S."May flower" in Hongkong.
This transaction will deal according to the cost and freight price.
We have been sent the fax to you in 2013 March 15, so that you may arrange the insurance in time.
Yesterday morning , there was a heavy traffic accident happening in the main street, which i really witnessed.
Now i will share this sad story with all of you with the above picture.
yesterday, it was raining, the ground was wet and even damp.
when i was waiting by the white line .Suddenly, there was a white car driving across the white line in a gallop speed.
however, there were many people being walking across the white line, undoubtedly, they are seriously shocked .Unluckily, a bicycle was knocked down heavily by this crime car.
After it happened, no one could walk ahead to the traffic accident place, they just glanced at it a minute or several seconds, and some of them even never looked at it.
In their eyes, it had nothing to do with them at all.
they choose to ignore it instead that they gave a hand.
on the one hand , they were worried about that they would get a extra problem and become a victim.
Hello,I am captain of student organization in Chenguang middle school.My name is J.
My school plan to donate some book so that keep friendly talking between China and America.Therefore,I am going to introduce some book that we want to donate.At first,these book is green and healthy.If I devide them,they can be devided different type.such as history,math of china,good view...The history book is about China from perivous to now.record many measure and difficulty.The math book introduce many mather of china,showing up their wisdom.Some book introduce view of China,like Guilin,Changcheng,Gugong.There are also more books,I do not tell you,which must take surprise to you.
I am looking forward to recive your email,please give me a reply quickily.Thank you.
Nowadays, people are attaching much importance to explore the access to success.
In my eyes, people who are recognized as social elites often have something in common in terms of their personality.
"I succeeded because I willed it.
Bonaparte Napoleon answered without hesitation when people asked him how he became so powerful.
Definitely, a willing of success, is one of the most important factors contributes to success.
If you have it, you will always have a strong desire of pursuing success so that you will always "stay hungry, stay foolish " to enrich yourself continually.
It also reminds me of the famous saying, "If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend, experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.
", which means that, only who has the patience and persistence to do simple things perfectly can acquire the skill to do difficult things easily.
Practice always makes perfect, don't just say or plan but to do it on your own, though maybe frustrations and failures are along with you, don't be afraid, after all, success is covered with a multiple of blunders.
Be prudent when making decisions, think twice before you do it.
Furthermore, you should always keep hopes and confidence in your heart, never forget that the secret of success is just in yourself.
Follow the rules mentioned above, success will come to you.
Last but not least, try to find and catch every opportunity around you to meet the best of your ability.
If you can't find them, make them.
In my opinion, the way to success is to figure out what you truly believe in and love in life.
And it's never too late to prepare for your dream.
Just se your goals, divide them into specific tasks, do what you need to do, and always keep your belief in mind.
Do what you love, with people who you care about, make a meaningful contribution to the world, and then not only will you be happy, but you will succeed.
First of all, please allow me , on behalf of myself, to express my sincere thanks for both of you.
I couldn't thank you more for your excellent care in the past few years, especially this year.
Recently I have taken great paint to prepare for the collage entrance examination which is of vital importance in my life.
Besides, you were always spare no effort to support me, which accounted for my great progress.
Due to our joint efforts, the examination goes smoothly and I have made full use of my knowledge.
Please trust me.
I can't wait to help you do some housework as well as cook dishes for you.
How to have a meaningful college life When I was a child,I have a dream that I can have a beautiful and meaningful college life.
Now,I achieve it.
I want to talk about what the meaningful college life is.
First,I think the college is just like a small society,so I certainly can't loiter my time away and I will use most of my time to finish the homework.
In the free time,I will join some clubs like English club,Basketball club......and I also want to join the activity that the college organized.
The most important thing is not atticting to the computer games or sleeping in the dormitory all day.
I think if I do as I said,I will have a meaningful college life.
A great variety of wastes are produced in daily life beyond our imagination.
The morden life has produced numerous wastes it is terrible.
Now many cities attached importance to waste sorting which means that we should take rubbish for many kinds and put them in different dustbins when throwing them out.
If people can't deal with these problems well, it will cause lots of environmental problems.
Waste sorting is a good way to solve this problem.
And it can be recycled to use and protect environment.
With the development of technique, more and more cell phone and digital products were produced.
However, it also brings many environment pollution.
In accordance with the survey, a battery can make a whole river's quality get pollution .
So we should set up a concept of waste sorting.
The other examples is today people have more and more medical researchs.
Chemical products are field of our life, such as medicine, conduit, box; they all have large power to destroy our environment.
Waste sorting can be a effective way to reduce the rate of creatures mistake rubbish.
On the other hand, waste sorting can save material and recycle to use.
In a word, waste sorting is necessary in today.
Create a clean and green world is our duty.
Protecting our environment is everyone's duty.
To sum up, people should spare no effort to protect environment from hurt.
The network is more and more developed,a lot of peopie enjoy online shopping,so,have house man house girl.Especially in the developed areas,online shopping is very popular.
Online shopping is very convenient ,but it's very easy to deceive.so,some peop enjoy online shopping ,they think it's very convenient,and can buy what you want,not in a crowded supermarket line,have more time do your own thing.
Have enjoy so have don't enjoy,don't enjoy think online shopping easily deceived,and not shopping with friends fun,not know the quality of goods,not haveof reality.
For me,I seldom online shopping,of course I do not fear being cheated but I don't enjoy shopping but I habit see the kind,not every thing is perfect,but I codle select,if I not time I enjoy online shopping.
Online shopping not good or bad ,as long as you work hard ,everything can be done well,you not be deceived.
In our daily life,competition is a common phenomenon.For example,in oder to get a job ,canditates can exploit their talent to attract empolers or students can study hard to get the scholorship.
In spite of common ,it plays a vital roal to promote the development of society.In the first place ,competition is motive .No matter how smart the people is ,if he show a lack of competition ,he can not create the much treasure.Beside ,society select the wonderful people through the competition .Those who achieve success not only gain fame and fortune ,but also contribute to the society.More important ,it can encourage people work hard.
While advocating competition ,we must not forget the cooperation.We often find competitiong and cooperation at the same time.In my view ,the cooperation is the foundation of the competition .Only to cooperation eachother ,did we can become more and more strong and to competewith others.
As you know ,I have been being in CQU for nearly a two months ,and life here seems pretty good .I like many things here ,especially the library where there are many books in it .As we all know ,books are very important to us ,because they can provide us with various useful messages ,so reading books is really necessary for us .However ,what books should us college students read ?In my opinion ,books which aim for potential development and individual trait development may be the best choice.
One book named < > which is written by Li Kaifu is a good choice for potential development .In this book ,Dr. Li associate one's success tightly with his/her trait development .He called us to form our own values and judgment ,remember always stay real and keep confidence !Everybody is unique and precious !
!Before reading ,I used to be a little bit blue for disappointment .However ,after I read it ,I love it !!
.How encouraging it is !The words in the book is like a bunch of light which brighten my heart and bring energy and confidence back to me again!
The other one is a picture book called < > .Perhaps you may think "Wow~ ,you are really childish!!
"But this time you may be wrong .We should always hold our innocence so that we can live a happy and simple life .The book's character is a lovely little red fox whose name is Ali .The writer create him and told us a series of warm stories through Ali's interesting experience in pictures' form .During our reading of those gourmet pictures ,we can pick up peace ,joy ,innocence and etc.
which may have already been losted during our growth .While reading ,I did feel a strong magic power from Ali ,which make me calm down and slow me down to listen to the real sounds from my deep heart.
Those two books are both of great beneficial .One is for potential development and the other is for individual trait development .
< > can encourage us to go up continuously and achieve our goals step by step .Meanwhile, < > is more like a piece of pill for hearts' cure ,relieve you from high pressure and let you fell peaceful and joyful.
En-That is what I want to say .And what's your opinion ?I'm looking forward to you reply.
At present,most students have a great educational background,but most schools ignore the students' character education.Fortunately,some school realize that the character education is extremely important for students.And they are ready to pay more attention to the character education of their students.
In my opinion,character education is more significant than skills.If you are dishonest with others,you may lose all your friends and feel friendless.Moreover,you can't finish much work and then you will not be successful.In addition,our students should learn how to respect the people and learn their strong points and good characters.If not you can't require others' respect and improve your ability.You may be at a standstill in a long time.
Last but not least,if we can build character education well,we can have a good life.In the future,we can also give better service to our motherland.
China is a country with a long history.
China's education mode has its own advantages.
Chinaese learn has its own unique style.Such as,when you are in class,you can listen to the teacher carefully in class,because the teacher said in class is key.In you after class,if you have not understand piace,you can ask your teacher or students,know that you understand so far.But chinese learning style has its advantages and disadvantages.In this mode,you can quickly get a lot of knowledge,and learning,especially at leisure.But this method learning will make you become does not love to move the brain.A passive but will give you knowledge decline.This is not conducive to our learning.
I think,we should be more for yourself a little self learning space rather than passive learning.If we have problems,we try to solve the problem by thenself.So,I think chinese learning style should change.
If a foreign friend is coming to China,I'd like to take him to see the Great Wall.It's the one of the most famous attractions in the world.As we all konw,China is an ancient country with over five thousand years history and there are many beautiful places all around the country.I'm sure that foreigners will fall in love with there soon.Besides the Great Wall,I'd like to take him to the Yellow Mountain,it's an atractive place and theren are thousands of tourists to come here every year.I want to show the great scenary to foeign friends.I hope that he will like China.
Everyone has their thought.
There are 40%person thought we should keep animals in zoo.
In their opinions first, they think we can see more different animals in the zoo, we can enjoy them and play with them if you ask permission from the feeder.
Second, the animals in the zoo can get good care, and some animals will be not always in danger.
But there are also 60%person think we should not keep the animals in the zoo.
First, they think animals like to live in the wild instead of live in the zoo, because they can get free and do what they want to do.
Second, if the animals always live in the basket, they can not do some they want to do.
In my opinion, I think we should keep the animals in the zoo, because some animals when they are in outside are always in danger.
And I think when we are enjoying the animals in the zoo, we can't throw food to feed the animals because we don't know the food is fresh or dirty.We can't throw food to animals.
As our society is developing faster and faster, more and more people use the internet to learn.
The internet rushes into our learning environment.
There is no doubt that the internet really benefits us a lot.
It makes us more convenient to search the learning resources.
More important, we can learn more despite the time and distance problems.
From the picture, we learn a country student from Guangxi Province is studying the Peking University course on the internet.
As we all know, education does not simply mean learning to obtain information.
There is an old saying"Every coins have two sides".
The internet, which lets us obtain information conveniently and quickly, is good for our education.
However,it does not only mean learning to obtain information but learn and use the information in a right way.
The internet is wonderful and fill with all kinds of information which means there maybe exists some information bad for our education.
So, it is of necessity that we search and choose the information which is good for us.
There is a pigeon named Max.it is very busy every day, because it always looks for a new nest.
"why it is alway so smelly?It is really terrible.
complex?And so on...But we never or less think about ourselves.Actually,the world comes from our hand,we make it happen.So just us,before we do something,we should think about ourselves.If we can do it?And can do well?How and what we can do ?I still remember what my teacher had told me.
Once I thought me that was very shy,and I always thought the others laugh at me .So I was afraid of speaking and walking before mang people.I feared to put my hand up and ask or answer the question.Even the host ask if i want a gift.As my heart,in fact,I want to go .But I worried about my face,it seemed the others would laugh at me and said how stupid answer or how ugly the girl.So i always kept quiet ,but my heart jumped.One day my teacher seemed clear my thought and asked me some question,i stammered and my face became red rapid .
"Give some applause and encourage to her"the teacher said.
"in fact ,some one was afraid of speaking in public ,they think others will laugh at them .But who care?Just yourself have this care.If you don't think so ,OK maybe you can ask your friend if really want to laugh you .And on the contrary ,whether you would laugh at your friend or strangers when they can't answer the question?OK,even laughing,but after that ,you still live the way you have to go.You can change the others?All right .
'Yeah ,we can change the others ,only our own.we live ourselves life,why alway think about others?
Luotuo Xiangzi is a novel written by Laoshe.It describes the sad story of a driver of Beijing in old China.It is thus a personal trade of a man who fights for his own believes,but it is also a reflection of the society of that time.
The novel traces the life of Xiangzi,who is courageous and brave,and he goes to the city of Beijing from the countryside with the hope of purchasing his own bike.Finally,he gets enough money for a bike with his hard working.So he bought a bike,which is quite essential to him.In his opinion,his bike can produce everything that can be eaten.
Nevertheless,life likes to play tricks on man,he is robbed of his bike by the solders.And when he saves enough money for another bike,he is robbed of money.Laterly,he has to marry Huniu,and sells his third one because of Huniu's difficulty in giving birth to a baby.The suicide of little Fuzi makes him lose the only hope for life.The novel ends with Xiangzi's great change.
I am deeply impressed by Xiangzi's life.With the stricken of reality,Xangzi,who is once a kind man changes a lot.Great stresses of the society makes people lose their hope for life.The biggest strength of the novel is that it reflects the whole of old China through the life of an ordinary citizen,and reflects the reality of society.
Life is the teacher and we are actually all students.
Everyday experiences are the wonderful classes.
The teacher teaches us so many things that we could not learn from the textbook.
Life tells us to cherish our families and friends.
That is an old saying,"the tree wants to be still but the wind does not stop; the children desire to support their parents but theirs passed away.
"It hits us that we should cherish families and friends around us before we lost them.
There are a lot of accidents around us.
We do not know when we will lost our precious things.
Life makes us to face difficulties bravely.
It is no doubt that we have troubles when we are studying.
Helen Keller has more troubles than us.
However she tried her best to wipe any stock out in life.
And she succeed.
Life is the greatest teacher.
She gives us many inspirations.
So far, I have come to Bei Jing for half a year,there are so many changes in my life including my attitude of living,even my characters.Nowadays,I have been strong and courageous ,even dare to face up to my challenges.
Firstly,I have come down to earth compared with the past .In my university period,I was a pollyanna, and always believed there were nothing I could not complete.
However,after I followed my vice-president with excellent leadership who is strict with students to make experiments ,I learned so much.One person should have a clear goal ,and then stick to the end,you will get the last success ,what's more,you should keep energetic ,cautious ,responsible ,and innovative.These advantages benefit me for a lifetime.Now,I set a target for myself in the postgraduate stage,which is to pass the TOEFL through hard work so as to go abroad successfully.Secondly,I am easy-going and have a wide range of hobbies ,for instance oral English,music ,movies and literature,which contribute to make new friends and expand my thought.In addition,I have to admit that I am emotional ,which maybe due to the nature of women.
As a saying goes : smile to life , life smile on you.To be positive and optimistic is the main melody all the time .
On my holiday, I went to Weihai with my parents.
We went there by train and it takes us four hours to get there.
We stayed there for three days.
The air of there was fersh and the sky was quiet blue.
We stay at a small hotel there.
We ate fish in three meals every day.
We also played on the beach and swam in the sea.
But I like caught fish in the sea best.
I also took many photos there, and I will show them to you when in come back.
She , a slight lady with a pair of glasses, is our English writing teacher.
believe that she has a daughter.
we have writing classes.
extrovert and lovely.
examples and funny stories even exaggerated actions.
am looking forward to improving my writing skill with her help.
As well as we know, a lot of college students have been kept many unhealthy habits, which has a bad effect on their health.
Some students like to go to sleep lately, which makes them tired the next day so that they have difficulty in focusing their minds on what they are doing.
Some students are addicted to the computer games crazily, which makes them ignore their study.
A part of students buy things out of the control,who don't have enough money to buy books about study.Unhealthy habits will cause a bad result there is no point that the college students stay at the university four years.
In my opinion, some students keep many unhealthy habits, because they don't have a goal.
As long as you set a goal for yourself, you well get what you want.
My foreign friend comes to China and visit me , I will take her to visit some Chinese Scenic spots .
Such as The Great Wall , The Summer Palace , The Forbidden City and so on .
These places are very beautiful .
I describe these places , my foreign friend likes these places very much .
I first will plan to go to The Summer Palace , then we will go to Forbidden City , Finally , We will go to The Great Wall .
I believe that my foreign friend will like these places .
Looking forward to my foreign friend is very happy in the travel .
Advertisements appear everywhere in modern society.
There are many ways to advertise and ads come in different forms.
Newspapers and billboards carry advertisements, some products are announced on TV and radio which have a wide audience.
There are so many of them that make you forget what you are sitting there for.
Most advertisements are very difficult for people to remember.
Advertisements often use funny situations as well.
It is easy to remember an entertaining ad.
Actually, every coin has two sides.
Adbertising is without exception.
But in today's whorl, adbertising is not only necessary but also helpful.
Let us make our life easier by learning to choose good ads, and be the master of advertisements, not their salve.
College students should or not to take part in social practice is a debatable question, I think college students should take part in social practice.
College students not like the students of high school, they have too much free time except learning time, so, college students can do what at the free time, they can watch movies, go shopping and so on, if college students take part in some social practices, they will get social experience and improve capacity, it is a win-win thing.
Nowadays society is a combative society, college students should someday get into society, if they can gather experiences at school life, they must do better than other students who don't have experience adapt to this society.
In conclusion I think college students should take part in social exercise.
In the modern time, whether college students should get married or not has become the focus of people's attention.
College students are allowed to get married if they have reached the age permitted by the laws.
However, in my opinion, it would not be a wise decision to get married for college students before they graduate.
Firstly, college is a time when an individual is trying to, first and foremost, achieve academic success.
The added responsibilities of marriage would do nothing but decrease the ability to succeed in one's education.
Marriage takes time and commitment and one does not have either of these when one is attempting to balance studying as well as other college activities.
Further, young students have no firm economic foundation to set up their own families.
When they are in college, it is their parents who afford their college expenses.
If they get married, they will have to afford the house,food,clothes and the like themselves.
This is quite difficult for the young people.
Finally, we are not mature in the body and mind; it is hardy for us young students to endure the pressure of life.
So we had better not get married in college.
In summary, we should make great efforts to go in for successful career and then consider the marriage.
Nowadays, online shopping is becoming very fashionable.
But each coin has two sides.
So it is with online shopping.
The benefits of online shopping can be a lot, the first is convenient.
We can surfing the Internet at home to find our favourite things, don't have to go out for it.
The second one is cheap.
Comparing online goods and store goods, it is much cheaper.
We can choose cheap goods to buy.
But online shopping also has some trouble.
For example, we can't see and touch goods, so we don't know the goods' materials.
However, if we buy something in the store, we can try it on.
Besides, online shopping also have no security.
So, I have some suggestion: First, we can be combined with online shopping and store shopping.Second, the Relevant Departments can strengthen the management on online shopping, make it more perfect.The last, merchants should integrate, that customers can set themselves heart at rest.
In recent years, people in all modern societies commit a crime, but today, especially women, the number of crimes committed by women all around the world is growing dramatically.
It has aroused fierce argument as to the reason why women commit a crime.
The most important reason why women crimes committed is so prevalent in today's society is that lack of basic education and living skills on the part of many women.
They often feel difficult to gain relevant knowledge, so they do not have enough capable to do something meaningful.
Other causes of widespread women crimes committed also must be taken into account.
These include spiritual emptiness about their life, they do not know the meaning why they live in this way.
Finally, we should not ignore the fact that most crimes committed are addictive and women can hardly resist the tremendous lure of money.
This is no doubt that women commit a crime is a serious social problem and has produced a lot of drawback effects on our society.
The most severe consequence is social instability committed by women rapid increase of crime.
With the high incidence of women crime committed cases, many once-happy families have been on the verge of college, which will inevitably disrupt social order and even national stability.
However, the social problem is not an incurable one.
The most effective solution, in my opinion, is to promote the public awareness of the jeopardize of women crime committed.
Another way is for the government to implement a policy to resist crimes.
Good afternoon everyone.
Thank you for coming to my speech.First we should know,what is a chairman of school's Students'Union?
He is the link of the school and students.It is impossible to overstate the importance of him.I want to make the school better, so I want to be the chairman of our school's Students' Union.
Many students compete for this position.So,only a person who knows what most of students' voice and has a complete plan to work may succeed in this competition.I have brilliant ability of communication and coordination.So I am sure of planning all the school's activities and taking the advice from students rationally.
The standard of a school is closely related to this organization.I want to lay the solid foundation of our school's Students' Union.If I am elected,I will truly understand the students' needs between their study and life.I will try my best to make our school much stronger.
be the chairman.
Thank for all of you.
When we enter the university as a freshman,we live in a dormitory which has four or six roommates.
All of the roommates always come from different places even different provinces.So the culture and lifestyles are difference.There are some disharmony phenomeon in the dormitory.
A harmony hostel is very important.On the one hand,we can learn agood rest.On the other hand allows us to be in good mood,enjoying the beautiful youth together.
There are so many ways to create and maintain a harmonious dormitory life.Firstly,we should get rid of bad habits at home.Secnodly,if someone break the regulations,we should point out and we shouldn't make the mistakes again.
Lastly, each of our members are small family parts, we must all care for each other, help each other, learn from each other.
In a word we should try our best to live together in perfect harmony,which makes us feel free and warm.
We should try our best to build a harmonious dormitory life.
them;Parents are pround of them.We everyone wants to become a top student.However,many persons have failed.
There is a saying'Is nine points sweat a genius'.We usually think that top students are genius.But the fact is not.Each person's intelligence essentially the same.It is only that they work harder than us, deal things more seriously.So that their performance is better than ordinary people.As can be seen through the side of the top students shows that they have a clear goal and a detailed plan,and the indomitable will power.We usually keep a decision.Who insisted on who is the winner.They can not only arrange school,usually has a high comprehensive quality.In the eyes of others, their life is full.
Although said before is to be a top student, a goal just has power.Use practical to achieve our dream.
I have heard her name since I was a pupil, but it was not until in junior school that I read her novel.
It appealed to me immediately.
The exotic scenery of Sahara desert looked like a paradise to me.
Sanmao is tough, intelligent, sensitive and emotional.
the same time, she loved literature, devoting herself in it.
It reminded me of my childhood.
reading all kinds of books since I spent most of time in my study.
and sleepy after lots of tests and exams.
There's a long time that I wanted to travel freely around the world like Sanmao.
Her braveness and toughness made an indelible impression on me.Before that I never recognize a woman could be so brave and firm like her.
With no doubt, living in the desert is hard and lonely; however, Sanmao did it.
She succeeded and made her house a Shangri-La, together with her beloved husband.
Maybe I won't live in the desert as steel as her, but her spirit inspired me profoundly.
When I felt depressed or upset, her smiling figure always encouraged me to face all the obstacles.
Her happy marriage made me envied.
When they bought a small house, it's empty.
Jose made furniture himself and Sanmao decorated it.
Although the living condition in the student's dormitory is bad, I will stand the inconvenience as well as try to improve the living condition.
Sanmao highly emphasized personal emotion, which led to her tragic ending at last.
It's a great pity that she couldn't get rid of the death of her beloved husband.
Although I sometimes cry for those tragedies in the books, I will be a tough woman.
Whatever happens to me, I will choose to live.
She gave me my first glimpse of a smart and tough woman, to whom the inspiration and the longing could be found.
I picked up her books now and then, read it over and over.
Every time I looked between her lines, I discovered a lot.
With the rapid development of the science and technology,the computer has been becoming the necessity for people in the 21st Century.Following,an increasing number of people are in communication with using the Internet,which make our life more meaningful,comfortable and convenient.However,sometimes the science and technology can destroy our life.So different people have different opinions.
There is no consensus of opinions among people about the advantages and disadvantages of the science and technology.Some people are of the view that the Internet is good for our life.While others take an opposite side,firmly believing that it can damage our life.
As far as I am concerned,the latter notion is preferable in many senses.The reasons are obvious.First of all,the development of science and technology can affect our communication level seriously.When we chat online,we don't know what we should say face to face,which can the lack of communication skills.Furthermore,it must damage our health.Especially if we surf the Internet for a long time,our eyes will be affected.We cannot see everywhere in the environment.
A natural conclusion from the above discussion is that we are supposed to use the Internet reasonably and appropriately.As a college student,I should have a rest when I get tired for the Internet.Meanwhile,It is extremely crucial for me to get exercise,which can become strong and healthy.
I'm writing to tell you something about our discussion on the topic"Whether Middle School Students Can Carry Mobile phones "at the class meeting recently.
% of my classmates are in favour of carrying phones, for it can make us much more convienent to communicate with our relations and friends.In addition,we can also search for informations and store useful parts of them.As a result,it will be beneficial to our studies a lot.
% of my classmates,however,are against it,saying radiation from the phones will actually do harm to our fitness and loud voice from mobile phones can disturb other students who are studying hard.What's worse,some phones are too much dear,making it a thing just to show off and students may waste a lot money on comparing with others.
In my point of view,mobile phones gain more and more popularity among young people and it's certainly very useful in modern society.Students should be encouraged to use phones,but they can't use it in wrong time and wrong places.
I'm L, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
We are delighted to receive your arrival and we'll show you a warm welcome.
It's my honor to introduce my hometown that a beauteous city---T to you.
Tianjin has a climate of four seasons distinct.
Actually, you're fortunate to come here at this time when the weather is so pleasant that you would linger on and be unwilling to return.
The custom of Tianjin is enthusiastic that people here are pretty hospitable.
It's essential for you to have a taste of Tianjin's delicacy.
The most representative food are ErDuoYan Fried cake, 18 street serratula, goubuli stuffed bun.
I'm sure that you'll enjoy them.
Our class is a arts class.
Everyone in it is studious and friendly.
You must become a number of us quickly.
I'll take you around Tianjin Museum to show the history and culture of Tianjin to you.
In addition, I'll take you to do a sightseeing above the Tianjin's mother river---Hai river.
You'll instantly fall in love with the scenery.
In today's fast-paced world and with the booming economy, stress is our constant companion.
We may face stress from our jobs, families, peers, etc.
Though stress adds flavor and challenge to life, too much stress can seriously affect people's physical and mental well-being, so it's necessary to handle stress properly.
When it comes to reducing stress, people vary in their ways.
Some people talk with someone, perhaps a friend or a family member, about their anxieties and worries.
Some allow themselves a mental "get-away": a quiet country scene painted mentally can divert them from the tension of a stressful situation to a more relaxing frame of mind.
There are also people who create a sense of peace by reading a good book.
The effective way for me is different from those mentioned above - I have several relaxation techniques.
For example, when stress occurs, I would take a deep breath and exhale and if possible, I would take a warm bath.
They prove to be very helpful: they help calm my mind and improve my response.
Robots are increasingly popluar and become more and more.
First, there are many different kinds of robot.
Second, the robot can help us to do some housework quickly.
Finally, the robot will change our life in future.
Hello everyone,I'm D and I will show my holiday plan to you.In the morning I have four things to do.At half past eight,I get up and then wash my face and rinse my mouth.At fifteen to nine,I have a healthy breakfast.From nine o'clock to half past ten,I do my honework carefullyThen,from half past ten to half past eleven,I do exercises in the park.At noon,I have a delicious lunch.In the afternoon,I have a little things to do.From thirteen o'clock to fifteen o'clock,I have computer classes or English classes.From sixteen o'clock to eighteen o'clock,I read all kinds of books.And at half past eighteen,I have a little dinner.At night,I can enjoy myself.From seven PM.
to eight PM.,I search for information or watch favourite TV progream.From half past twenty to twenty-one,I pick up things.And at half past twenty-one,I go to sleep.What a fine holiday!
Recently I 've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
The classmates who support it said that the Internet can help us learn more things which we can't learn in class.And it can also help us broaden ours horizins.Studying on online can make our communication easily.Finally, it can also help us relax and have fun.
Some classmates who against it said get online frequently is bad for our eyes.It maybe make us to be addicted to the Internet.However,it wastes time which is the most importent and our energy.
At last,I think we should get online correctly.Because every coin has two sides.
Now days, getting up early is a difficult thing for me.
Some people prefer to get up early in the morning and start the day's work ,while others prefer to get up early in the morning until late at night .As for me ,I like to get up early to start the day's work.
Getting up early could exercise our willpower.
Getting up early is not an easy thing.
Such as, the weather of winter is very cold; the one who could insist on often could get succeed easier.
Getting up early to study could improve our learning efficiency .The old saying goes "the time of the morning is the golden time in a day".
We could remember more thing than the other times.
Getting up early could let us healthier.
Now, the air pollution is more and more serious,but air is never so fresh as early in the morning .
We could do morning exercise in the morning.
I think running in the morning is an enjoyment.
Because of these, I think getting up early is a good habit.
I hope everyone could do this.
our willpower.
Getting up early is not an easy thing.
Chinese people have made achievements in national rejuvenation after a long tough journey.And we believe that China will develop more quickly in the future,it will have a brighter future.
Teenagers play a important role in a country,so teenagers must do sonrthing to develop themselves.The young generation have duity to make our country more stronger.Teenagers are creative enough to imvent many new things,you know,creating new things is important to a country.
Teenagers can do many things to make our countyr proud of them.For example a 21-year old athlete Ning Zetao has proved this during the 17th Asian Games.He won thar game which make the whole of us proud of him.
As a young person in our country,we don't need to do something great,we just need to do what we can do for our country.We can omly do our bit for our country.
In dictionaries,listener mean who tends to know others' opinion and to appreciate it.So it could be a good way to know each other and understand each other.Also,when you are listening,it means that you want to know his or her advice or opinions and are eager to it.It can be a sign to show respect to others.That can make it easy for you to get alone well with each other.
So,it's important for us to be a listener.
good way to eliminate the argument between children and parents.Also,teachers can know the present situation of the students and can help them solve the problems they faced.Between classmates,listening can be a good choice to grow up friendship and can make us eager to help with each other.
However,it can be difficult for us to listen sometimes.First,I think we should keep patient while listening,it is rather important,otherwise, you may not be a good listener.Second,we should stare at others' eyes while listening,showing that you are listening carefully.
In the end,I wish all of us can be a good listener.
My idea is that reading is a very happy thing for us, because reading can not only increase knowledge also can let us understand a lot of truth, can teach us how to be and to do things, reading can edify our sentiment, reading and learning for the growth of each and every one of us has an important influence, in this society only knowledge can change a person, in the spare time reading a good book can ignite the spark of thought and thinking, read lots of books can broaden our vision, also need the knowledge in the work, only knowledge can make us more convenient to do things in the work, to enrich our creativity is more and more knowledge I have to make the contributions to the development of the society,thegreater the brain is flexible, so I thought of reading is as long as have time to read a book, read books to enrich their own brain.
My name is X,and I come from China.
And my hero is my dad,because he has many friends.
My dad is not special,but he had taught me a lot.
he will teach me how to get along well with my friends.
Once I have a bad mark,he did not scold me,but to comfort me.
He is kind and helpful,I can ask him question anytime.
he loves my hobby,and he always enjoys hobby with me at weekend.
He helps me in my life and never strict with me.
He can really understand me.
When Charles Dickens was eleven, his families were put in prison.
During these times, he worked in a factory.
It seemed to him the experience he had was a shame.
And he told no one except his wife.
And his friends believed it was the experience he had made him a successful author.
It was 18 months before he grown weary of his work.
Then, he became a freelancer and came out his first works when he was 21 years old.
After that, he was succeeded in publishing his works in serial form.
He not only succeeded in novels, but in journalism.
His personal life is extremely wonderful: to travel, to take part in theatricals as actor and producer, and write his works.
In 1866, his well being was pool, but he still move toward America for a series of public performances.
Then, he got sick and died.
The aspects of life which are basic to cities can't illustrate why more violence exists there than elsewhere.
Even the city is flourishing, the violence is still exits.
Take Milton Keynes for example.
It was planned by the government, and the planners here did nothing to disturb the urban pattern.
They thought the only way to avoid this vicious circle was to assure residents that they have the feeling of control.
But it had no effect.
Then they found these ways that organized on a small scale and organized by individuals were a step in the right direction.
All the government can do was to foster a sense of community among people to reduce opportunity that caused violence.
The problem of violence can only solved by the resident, or it would be worse.
The suggestion made above for solving the problem of violence results forma mental attitude gradually affected more or less by circumstance.
When the circumstances are changed, the violence gradually disappears.
The thumbs-up was given to the old lady who resisted the car lying on the bicycle lane, which raises a hot discussion about what caused the traffic problems.
Up till now, there is a sharp increase in the number of private cars, which may be the main cause of traffic problems.
It seems impossible to organize the rules and regulations properly.
However, we should do our part to improve it as follows.
Above all, it goes without saying that the effection of the government plays an important part in the society.
It demands that the government lift the laws to give restriction on the movement of various vehicles.
In addition, personal behavious regulations should be highlighted in many areas.
contributes to the disorder of traffic, we ought to behave ourselves and increase our self-disicipline.
All in all, even when you feel as though there isn't a lot you can do to change problems, you can always do a little--and a little at a time eventually makes a big difference.
My first Enjlish class was in junior middle school.Before I had my first English class,I had often seen words.I also saw persons said English on TV.What's more,I sometimes heard my classmates said several English words.So I was eager to get access to English.As for me,English is rewarding.
Fortunately,my head teacher was an English teacher when I was in junior school.Then I studied English positively and finished my assignments carefully.
Though English was difficult for me at first,I was still interested in English.So I studied hard and never gave up studying it.I remembered words and grammar continually.With the help of my teacher,I reaped the benefits.I got a good grade.Though I seldom communicate with others in English,I like English.
As we well know,life without a friend is death.I also believe that I am so lucky.In my life I have some good friends.But my best friend is Yijing.
We meet each other when we are at middle school.She is very thin but beautiful .She is very easy going,likes to talk calssmate after school.She is very kind and always help others ,every one of our class likes her .Her study very hard , her Chinese and English very well.Now she is in Wuhan.
Why we can become the best friend.I think that have some reasons .Frist,In the middle school,my English was so poor,so she often helped me.But her maths was not well,I could help her.For this ,we often study together.Second,all of us like independent,although I am very introvert,but we can get along with each other.Last, she want to succeed in the future special in the career,but in my mind,I want to over ordinary life.We can talk anything with each other.Share the joy and pain.
This is my best friend,I wish her in the strange city can live well.That's all.
Nowadays,online shopping has become a trend.No matter who can go shopping on the Internet.We are going shopping on subway,bus,street and so on.
Just as every sword has two blades,online shopping has obvious advantages and potential disadvantages.
For advantages,we become more and more convenience.We can compare the prices of various shops.We can know what is the popular trend at that time quickly.And we can save much time,if we go shpping in the shops,we will spend time on the road.
However,for disadvantages,we are always worried about whether the things' quality are good.We also afraid that the sellers send the goods later.If we need that goods eagerly,we also have no mind to get it.Whatmore,sometime,we are not satisfied with thesre goods,we had to return the purchases,the formality is so complicated.
On one word,every cion has two sides.So we need try our best to aviod the happening of disadvantages.Before we buy it,we should read the comments and the numbers of people who has bought it.
I study in the HuCheng middle school,it is like my home.
There are many good students and kind teacher.
I do have some,that is my classmates.
First,they learn and live with me.
Second,they helped me when I was in trouble.
Finally,they make my life happier,more blew.
From this picture we can see a teacher gives a book to a student.
Then the teacher said to he"Just think of it as if you're reading a long text-message".
The topic of"The Importance Of Reading Literature" is becoming more and more popular recently.
As we all know, reading book is important for everyone.
What's more, reading literature is the most important.
On the one hand, reading literature is good to our study.
As far as I am concerned, literature has many useful learning.
It's convenient to study.
On the other hand, reading literature would teach us how to live.
From literature we can find a lot of beautiful things in our life, which makes us happy.
In my view, reading literature is really a wonderful thing.
We can learn many things from literature.
Literaturemake our life more and more interesting.
I hope more and more people to reading literature.
The Great Wall of China is a Chinese fortification built from the 5th century BC until the beginning of the 17th century,in order to protect the various dynasties from raids by Hunnic,Mongol,Turkic,and other nomadic tribes coming from areas in modern-day Mongolia and Manchuria.Several walls,also referred to as the Great Wall of China,were built since the 5th century BC,the most famous being the one built between 220 BC and 200 BC by the first Emperor of China,Qin Shi Huang; this wall was located much further north than the current wall built during the Ming Dynasty,and little of it remains.The Great Wall of China was originally a project of Qin dynasty designed to keep out the nomadic Xiongnu invaders from the north.Some of the wall was built during the Qin,but most of it that we see today was constructed during the Ming dynasty.The Great Wall is the world's longest man-made structure,stretching over a formidable 6,352 km (3,948 miles),from Shanhai Pass on the Bohai Sea in the east,at the limit between "China proper" and Manchuria (Northeast China),to Lop Nur in the southeastern portion of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region .Along most of its arc,it roughly delineates the border between North China and Inner Mongolia.Great Wall is all the Chinese pride!
Human beings live in the realm of nature.They are constantly surrounded by it and interact with it.human conenected with nature by blood ties and we cannot live outside nature.people"s many living supplies from nature.
Associety develops.in see result while.we realise soberly also socity of our counture development still exist many difficultties and problems.for examp.Serious white pollution.the decline in air quality.the increasing greenhouse effect.and Human beings use fewer resources.if environmental protection, we can not very good.like that.our life will be more and more short.
In order to save our environment.but to return to our theme,the biter truth is that those human action which violate the laws of natureWe need to do.first to reduce the resource utilization rate so that we bater live.second economic development and protect environment by combining.third reduce the use of disposable chopsticks and sanitary cup and so on.on the other hand.I wish protect environment start from everyone.
If the money was not paid promptly, the gangsters would quickly put a man out of business by destroying his shop.
Obtaining 'protection money' is not a modern crime.
As long ago as the fourteenth century, an Englishman, Sir John Hawkwood, made the remarkable discovery that people would rather pay large sums of money than have their life work destroyed by gangsters.
"What they like most about the phone is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people can reach them"said by professor Naomi Baron.Funny as it is,the world ironically reflect the fact that more people want to be helped by others rather than help any other people .But we should remember rose given,fragrance in hand.
On the one hand,we do not want to help other people.It was reported that the girl,four years old,crashed by a truck was died.But no one helped her with just a glimpse.On the other hand,if we wanted to go to school with a large of buggage.What would you think of?
You must have b,Iecome upset and sad .what is more,if you had helped other people,the other people would help you in the next days.
As far as i am concerned,as a popular saying goes"rose given,fragrance in hand.
"In our daily life,we should turn our mobile devices and put through them optimistically and help other people,so more and more people will help us in return.
The urban population is growing rapidly now.
For example, there used to be 5 million people in Nanjing 20 years ago.
But today there are over 7 million people in Nanjing.
Among the most 10 populous cities, there are 2 Chinese cities---- Beijing and Shanghai.
According to a national survey, there are 17 Chinese cities where more than 7 million people dwell.
The migration of farmers into cities is the main reason.
This causes many problems.
Residence is one of them.
Twenty years ago, the average area a Chinese resident had was 7.1 square meters but today he only has 3.2 square meters.
According to the UN residence specification, one needs at least 5.5 square meters to live comfortably.
Transportation is another problem.
Now many Chinese city residents own private cars, which makes the city traffic more terrible.
Many farmers migrate to cities to work and thus many city residents get laid-off.
The resources in cities are limited and now have to be shared by more people than before.
For example, it is said that 15 years ago 35 city students share a classroom but today more than 45 students study in a room.
I think suburbs should be developed much to solve the problem.
Many suburbs haven't been develped enough now.
More apartments and schools should be built there.
Bus and subway lines should be extended there.
High buildings are also one of the solutions.
Now there are few buildings having over 15 stories.
I think we should construct more high buildings to meet the demand of city residence.
Recently, there is a phenomenon that more and more teenagers are flaunting their wealth on the internet, such as expensive bags ,famous clothes as well as valuable cars.
Undeniably, the reason why people like to show off their money is that nowadays most of people's income are very low and they are also be in poor conditions.
Above all, it seems in China, the degree to which an individual is respected depends almost entirely on the symbol of status they flaunt and the wealth they are perceived to possess.
In other words, although money is playing an increasingly pivotal role in our lives,we can't be so addicted to flaunting wealth.
Moreover, that can be simple.
So, there is not a shadow of doubt that people should be calm when it comes to money.
However, on the other hand, people don't attach importance to money.
On the whole, as far as I am concerned, I think it vital to us to realize that the wealth can't represent our social status.
Despite people's wasting money , we must save our money.We can not emphasize the importance of saving money too much.
In conclusion, there is a growing awareness that it will exert a profound influence in our lives.
Taking everything into consideration, only when we become poor can we understand the importance of saving money.
Nevertheless,what a crucial thing it is to bring home to people the value of money.Consequently, as is illustrated in the picture, a student is excessively fond of computer game so that he can not see anything suddenly.
Accordingly, the fact that students spend their spare time playing computer games has aroused great concern and should be given consideration.
Meantime, as a result, there is no doubt that its symbolic meaning that it is imperative to prevent them from indulging in CG ought to be taken seriously.
Generally speaking, for the people who lend their support to such experiments, the gaining of first-hand knowledge and information about certain species provides adequate justification fit continuing the killing of animals in laboratories.Furthermore, it is an undeniable fact that animals play a vital role in maintaining the subtle balance of the earth's ecological system.
To varying degrees, we all have secrets which we do not want even our closest friends to learn, but few of us have skeletons in the cupboard.
It has been a contentious issue whether it is necessary to do physical exercise or not part of every school day.Some people are of the opinion that students ought to spend the whole shool day on academic studies.While others point out that physical exercise is indispensable in students' school life.As far as I'm concerned,the letter opinion hold more weight.
When it comes to the question that exercise is need or not,I believe it is necessary for the following reasons.For one thing,young students are getting fatter than any time before.More laziness,less exercise,cause students overweight,which is a serious problem all over the world.In addition,overweight may lead to a series of health problems.If physical exercise can be done part of every school day,it can benefit a lot for students' health.For another reason,as an old saying goes "All work and no play makes a jack a dull boy".In order to students' effective studying,and good moods,we should strike a proper balance between work ang break.The key point is a good rest and more exercise can do good to students' academic studies.
Now,after close examination,it is not difficult to draw the conclusion that physical exercise is necessary.Therefore,as university students,we should begin the exercise from now on.
Now,I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
Spring Festival is one of the most important festival in China and is when all family members get together,just like Christmas in the west .Chinese can miss the meeting but can't miss the Spring Festival.
Before Spring Festival,people go back home.Every household put up couplets and paste all kinds of paper-cut.The supermarkets are crowed with people because it's time to buy new cloths and fresh food.
Every child helps parents to clean their rooms.
During Spring Festival,people get together to make jiaozi.And it's a happy thing to watch Spring Festival gala.At 12 o'clock in the evening,there are bright abd colourful fireworks in the sky.And people don't sleep to "ao cai".It means people will get much money from then on.The next day,people dress beautifully to visit ralatives' home.The elder should give the young a red envelope.And firecrackers are set off.How busy there is.
According to the chart, we can seefrom1990 to 2010, percentage of college students taking part-time jobs is increasing constantly, from 0 to 58.
For the reason, we can analyse together.
First of all, Nowadays, there are more and more chances of work with economy developing.
As a result, a lot of college students take a part-time job in their spare time.
Then, they think they can make some money, which helps to reduce their families' financial burden.
Furthermore, to take a part-time job provides the students with a opportunity to put what he has learned from books into practice.
What's more , they can exercise themselves, which is beneficial to their later life.
So many reasons lead to this phenomenon.
As is said above, they may be the most important cause .
Students spend time in the internet bar.In my opinion,it is a waste of time and energy.We can do a lot more to make college life more wonderful.
First of all,we can join campus clubs to improve ability of communication.Secondly,we should make full use of library resources.When I browse books in the library.I can feel a different way of thinking which gives me more room to touch the world,my mind will be opened.Lastly,it is necessary to taking part-time jobs related to our fields of study.
When we finally graduate we will be more agreeable to social environment.
As the rapid development of technology, the level of people's life has obviously improved.
Online shopping is becoming more and more popular.
Obviously, online shopping is a way that people can shop on the Internet.
It is cheaper buy something on the Internet.
For example, you can buy some books in a lower price at Amazon than the bookstore; buy some fashion clothes in Tmall than the flagship store.
Online shopping is also convenient.
Those people that don't have enough time shopping or don't like going window-shopping; they can make use of online shopping.
On the one hand, it takes them little time and couldn't affect their work and plan.
On the other hand, people can find one thing in different prices and choose the most reasonable one.
There is a deliveryman takes your goods to your home or your office.
And online shopping also raises a new industry of mailman, which reduces the rate of employment.
It makes people's life simpler and colorful than before.
As every coin has two sides, online shopping also has its disadvantages.
Because of its convenient and cheap, many shopkeepers in the name of flagship store sell some fake or low quality goods to deceive customers.
Many people are addicted to it, which even badly influences their jobs and lives.
As long as they see something cheaper, they want to buy it.
Online shopping makes people lazy and unhealthy, because you have to stay in the front of a computer for a long time.
In a word, online shopping is a double-edged sword.
It can make our lives simpler, also can make people lazy.
However, as long as people take advantage of it, it can make our society more colorful.
In modern society,English is becoming more and more important than before.Having a good knowledge of English is good for our future.Let me tell you my secret to learn English.
First,l liking reading some books about English, this can train spoken English.In addition,l am liking watching the movie of English from TV.This can help us learn English much superior to before.What is more,learning grammar is also a better way to learn English well.Not only this,but also chatting with our friends in English is a useful way to learn English well.In my opinion,if you want to learn English well,you shall to know the history of English.
Personally,l think it is necessary that we should pay attention to learning English,because English is more popular than before in the world.These are my ways to learn English,how about you?
There is an old saying "Genuine knowledge comes from Practice".It's the experience of our forefathers,I think that "experience without learning is better than learning without experience".
practice,it is hard for us to be useful for the society.
For all this,I think the practice without learning is better than learning without experience,because learning without practice will only an empty talk.
It is well known that social development should become an inevitable trend as English.
Because not only can speak English so that you have more room for development, there are many more job opportunities.
So if you want to truly understand English, you must learn it the right way.
First, you must say, and for instance in the daily life many with other people with English exchange, positively frequently participates in and the English related activity in the classroom with English speech.
Second, you need to read more in the morning is when we remember the best, so we need to make full use of it to enhance our sense of time by reading English.Third, you must listen and for instance the surfer downloads the orthodox school foreigner's English dialogue or watches on the television English program, this will be your listening to the next level.
Fourth, you have to remember is that only with a flood of words you can do exactly the extent to others to convey information.
I believe that if you do this, then learning English well is no longer the hard.
I always rely on my dad, before and didn't feel it, after the university far from your home, I found that I think my mother slowly, I want more to dad.
Remember when the most afraid of father, because he hit me, the adults often say children at home should have a fear of head, to whatever might also become.
I was lazy, lazy troublesome, also the lazy homework.
And how many years you dad didn't play you, can't you honest point, we don't want to hit you.
I suddenly find father really haven't had a hit me.
Later I and my father is more of bickering, dad said but I, he doesn't like the word of I, I think that I also have the rebellious character.
I always put the father said his side to stay, he said nothing to say, if the character of the early in dad club serve, I know that he won't hit me I just so bold and dad to bicker, now think his dad, the way I feel ashamed.
Think of this year, my father will give me to go to school that I remember the most poignant since.
I stayed with my father to go to take the bus, I suddenly found along the way not see my dad, red eye.
I see a front just had a 336 road, I let dad hurry to catch up with the car, my father doesn't seem willing to get on the car, and walked slowly, car to walk, I again with dad stayed for a moment, and a car.
This a moment father always back against me, as if the eye is fan, hand kept wipe what things.
Now I find I am becoming more and more like my dad, manner of speaking, life attitude, and by him all deep influence......
I have a busy father and a kind mother,my father is a worker.He is 42 years old.He likes reading newspapers after dinner.He always watch TV until 12:00 in the evening.He does not often together with us in order to earn money.
My mother is a housewife,she does not work and stays at home.I think she is beautiful,she has short and cuily hair.She often go shopping with her friends in the afternoon every day in order to buy some foods for us.My mother very kind but she is strict to my study.In this world,my parent is a crucial person to me.I thank them bring me up grow up.I think it is a very hard thing for them.
I love my parent very much,and they love me too.
Nowadays,a number of students do not pay attention to spelling in English study.They only read the words and pay attention to the pronunciation ,instead of the spelling.
The reason why appear this situation is that the way of our study have changed.With the world is changing,our English study became more and more convenient,we university students almost have computers and cellphones,we can research the words in many ways,so we did not due attention to spelling,instead depend on electronic dictionary.And another reason is that teachers are not like former teachers,they did not demand of us to spell the new words,so lots of students did not pay attention to it.
In my opinion,not only teachers should recommend students to pay more attention to spelling,but also we should not depend on our computer and cellphone to research the words.Only in this way can we improve our spelling.
To this issue, different people come up with various attitudes.
As far as I am concerned, I stand on side of the opinion that the essays downloaded from the Internet are helpful to improve our writing ability.
It is accurate that those essays have a number of advantages.
For example, they can offer us a variety of structures of sentences and grammars we usually are not aware of.
What's more ,some of them are worth reading,they can help us extend our horizons.If we intend to write good essays,it is necessary to read widely.
Whatever others believe of them ,my writing ability have improved a lot by reading these essays from the Internet.
In junior middle school,Ididn'think highly of English,so I always slept in the class.Soon Icouldn't catch the flow of lesson,at last Ididn't pass the English exam.I felt frustrate,Icouldn't bear the lost.Because of the eager of success,Iwork hard everyday.Finally,I became the second in our class.In senior high school,I got a kind,patient,warm-hearted teacher.I really like her,I focused more energy on English study.As a result my English got a higher level.This all my experience of English study.Frustration makes me success,success makes me do more in English study.
When I was a kid, I always want to go to college.
It is a great pleasure for me to be here now.
I think my university life will be interesting and fill with success.
So I make the following requirements .
First, I will first of all be both perseverance and hardworking in order to learn more skills and give myself an opportunity to find a good job in the future.
Second, when I face troubles, I will never lose heart.
On the contrary, I will build up my confidence and working even hard.
Third, it is necessary for me to pay great attention to my learning method.
For example, I will sum up my experience constantly and improve the efficiency of my learning.
Finally, it is important for me to get along with my classmates, care for each other help each other.
However, mistakes do exist in our life, no one can avoid making mistakes in daily life.
It does not matter whether we have made mistakes.
What counts most is that we should face our faults bravely, correct them and learn from them.
I believe my future life will be glorious with my hard learning and the help from teachers.
I'm writing to tell you that an earthquake drill was held in our school yesterday.After we had tow classes,our teachergave us some instruction on what to do during the drill.
when the alarm rang,all of us students hid ourselves in safer places.As soon as the teacher and ran downstairs one by one.We finally got together at the playground.
Through the dill,we have learned how to escape in an emergency.I think it is important for us to remain calm and know what to do.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.They are both tall,but Wang Lingling's hair is longer than Liu Lili.And they have different habits.Wang Lingling likes reading and she's serious.Liu Lili likes sports and she is funner than Wang Lingling.They also have something same.They're both popular and outgoing.Wang Lingling is hard-working.But Liu Lili is smart.They're best friend.Oh,Wang Lingling is more serious than Liu Lili,but Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling.Although Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Lui Lili,Then Liu Lili is smarter than Wang Lingling.
Well,they are good friends.
The Spring Festival is the most important Chinese Festival.
All the families come together and enjoy themselves.
This year, I had a different Spring Festival.
On that day, I went to my grandparents' home .
When I got there, they were preparing to make dumplings.
Suddenly, I decided to ask them to teach me how to make dumplings.
Although they were surprised, they agreed to me happily .
Firtly, I put a skin made by flour on one of my hand.
And then, I put some fillings in the middle of it's surface.
Besides, I pinched the edges of the skin so that the fillings wouldn't come out .
Gradually, I became more and more practised .
And I got my parents praise.
I felt very happy on the Spring Festival, not only because I got other's praise but also because I learnt a new skill .
It's very interesting ,so I would make more dumplings in the future.
With the improvement of life quality,more and more people will choose to travel in sheir spare time.These tourists choice more and more travel,and choice group travle.
Travel has many benefits.First of all,time can make their own arangements.Secondly,costs can save a lot.Finally we can also free camera.Moreover we can also choose your love place.Travel everything can be arranged according to their own time,not affected by other factors limit.
If I trsvel,I will according to the location choice of self-help to travel with the regiment.If it is a classical culture tourism, I wold choose to travel with the group,it will learn a lot of knowledge.Otherwise I will choose to travel,so you can enjoy the beauty of freedom.
Everyone have a dream.
Some want to be a doctor some want to be a teacher some want to be apoliceman.
And I want to be a soldier.
I think they are very cool.
They serve us but we don't know their names.
They are heroes in my hart.
They are very strong and brave.
They fougt in the battlefield So I want to be a soldier.
And I want to be a special soldier.
I like gun very much .
This is my dream.
I want to be a soldier.
As we all know,English is one of the most important subjects in our courses,and it is one of the most important languages in the world.Language is the most important way to communicate with others in life,so learning foreign language well is very important to us.How to succeed in learning a foreign language?I have some ideas to learn a foreign language.
First,I think we should use the foreign language in our daily life,for example,we can communicate with our friends.Second,you should do a lot of practice and you need a dictionary to look for some words.You also need a notebook to take notes.The last,you should reading foreign magazines,seeing the foreign movies.
All in all,succeeding in language learning is not very difficult.If you can do those well,you will learn foreign language well.
To life is to struggle, when we struggle for a goal, love must get our back.
The thing gives me an unforgettable impression about love happened one year ago.
It was October, season in the fallen leaves, I was going to Beijing to study drawing for the finally examination,my mom going with me.
After we settled down,mom had to back to Guiyang-my home town, and I can't go home until spring festival,time was imminent.
One day I back to my apartment after class, mom was gone.
She left a piece of paper, some words encouraged me to fight for my dream, and she said it was hard to left.
Afterwards, we can only keeping touch with each other by phone call, we shared happiness and sorrows every night.
Finally, I passed the test, back to Guiyang.
Next,I will face another challenge about 3 mothes after, the college entrance examination will be hold.
I must to carry on.
Three mouthes hard time, I had to finish a lot of homework everyday, even on the weekend.
I had no time to rest and parents stay at home to take care of me.
They had constructed a quiet atmosphere for me, lavish every care.
At the day before the exam, I can't asleep.
I walk down upstairs, saw my parents in the room, they can't asleep too.
I felt they had the same stress like me.
At last, I had been accepted by a famous university.
These little things with my parents stuck day after day, tell me the significance of love.
Without the love, I can't di anything.
Love makes us stronger, give us power to fight, leads us get out from under, supports us struggle for our life.
Parents show their love to us, and we hold a firm belief to show it to our children.When we growing parents ourselves.
It is sad to hear the news that two subway trains crashed in a rear-end collision on Shanghai's Line 10 at 3:10 pm on Sept 27, 2011.
When I read the news,I do feel worried about passengers.
The number of passengers who were injured have risen to 245 until I read this news and other details are still unknown.
This accident surely reminds me of the train's crash in Wenzhou in July.
The repeatedly accidents in China not only stir up feelings of dissatisfaction among the citizens around the nation, but also cause the distrust of the other countries in the world.
Although the relevant departments in shanghai apologized and explained for this accident, we can not ignore it easily.
We should think about why do these accident happen in china so frequently.
In my opinion, several reasons contribute to these accident.
First ,with the development of economic and urbanization, China urges to show the successes to the whole world,but some programs are beyond our abilities.
Second , usually the companies which take the large project are state companies,there isn't adequate supervision of them.
Furthermore ,the ineffective management of the company is one of the most important cause.
We can not deny that our managements today are low and under international standards.
People's lives are so cherish that we shouldn't treat the accident carelessly.
As far as I concerned, available measures must be taken by the government--build up effective and strict management,improve advanced technique of machine making,and make feasible basic plan about train's dispatch.
Besides,people should be familiar with the knowledge of self-rescue , and government and schools can educate people how to survive in daily life.
All in all, different departments and different people should do their jobs well to prevent the grieved accident happen again.
I majored in automation,Protect environment is everyone's responsibility,Environmental Protection have many relations with my major.
First of all It can greatly improve the efficiency of environmental protection.For example We can use the machine to control the emission of harmful gas.Secondly, we can use the control principle of reasonable design scheme against harmful environmental events.Last but not least,As we all know,Environmental Protection need many human resources,So we can use our expertise to us from the environmental protection in relief, let us with more things to do other things you want to do.
As far as I concerned,Environmental protection needs not only unilateral technique, it needs all of us to come together to participate in .
I hope our earth can become more and more beautiful in the futurn.
With the development of people's living conditions,more and more people have nongovernmental cars,and the city traffic has been even heavier and more and more the traffic accident happen around us.At the same time,what is more,air and noise pollution has become more serious.Besides,parking cars is another problem.
Although the cars is convenient for us to go out,the traffic jams are now a major problem in most cities.In my opinion,the increase of the private cars and the peoples lack of awareness of traffic regulations is the key to this problem.Maybe our government should limit car industry development,and people should think carefully before they buy a car.Meanwhile it is worthwhile for man to know about the traffic regulations,the more we realize about the regulations,the better life can we process.Obviously,what's the most important thing is the life.
So,for this purpose,we should do our best to overcome the difficulties.We have reasons to believe that beautiful life can be created.
People experiences a lot every day.And the whole life is always abound in various experiences.But it's for me,I will never forget that terrible experience.It's quite an experience.
I had the most unforgettable experience in my life when I was 17,as a senior high school student.It is an experience about an accident that has happened to me on my way to school.
I still remember that day vividly.That winter morning I get up a little late,it was half past five.The morning,however,was still in darkness.After washing my face,I got on my bike and rode off in a hurry,even without breakfast.It was a ten-minute bike ride.So I have to pick up speed in order not to be late for class,though I just can't see clearly.When I rode to the last crossing that was absolutely near school,a small truck charged to me suddenly.I failed to stop my bike as soon as possible.Surely,I was knocked down with getting a flesh wound in my back.Nevertheless,the driver didn't stop it.With the darkness,he didn't see me.Up to now,I still feel terrible.
One can only mature after experiencing different events.That accident taught me a lesson I will never forget.Faced with these moments,We should calm down.And when walking in a street,we should make way for cars,and reduce our speed.Life is extremely important,we should cherish our life.
As the development of the world, there is more and more entertainment for people to kill time.
Reading used to be an important amusement.
But now there are less and less people fond of reading.
But there are still a large number of people stand on the side of reading.
For me, I think reading is very important.
The reasons are as following.
First of all, reading can broaden our vision.
